Home Admin/Tech Benefits Buzz DB DC Investment Law & regulation Risk reduction Events Pensions Library PPTV Newsletters Sign in Events Upcoming events Pensions and Benefits UK 2017 The very best solutions to pension and employee benefit issues and only discovered when pension’s management, benefits management, finance and HR work together. That's why Pensions and Benefits UK is the industry’s must attend event. Date: 27 Jun 2017 The Brewery, 52 Chiswell St London EC1Y 4SD, London Pension Scheme of the Year Awards 2017 The Pension Scheme of the Year Awards celebrates excellence within UK workplace pension schemes. The awards - which are now in their 17th year - shine the light on excellence, and aim to recognise the country's best pension funds and managers. Date: 27 Jun 2017 The Brewery, 52 Chiswell St, London EC1Y 4SD, London Fiduciary Management Focus 2017 What does the future hold for Fiduciary Management in the UK? Will we follow the Dutch market where fiduciary managers account for more than 83% of pension scheme assets, or will Trustees adapt to the challenge of current market conditions to improve scheme governance? Date: 11 Jul 2017 Le Méridien Piccadilly Hotel, London Defined Contribution Conference 2017 This exclusive one day conference will provide a comprehensive overview of the evolving DC landscape, and examine how Trustees and Pension Scheme Managers can overcome the challenges they face Date: 05 Sep 2017 America Square Conference Centre, London View all events Follow our Professional Pension Events Sign up to receive email alerts about our eventsSign up Pensions Library Can extra yield be secured without compromising credit quality? Secured finance provides a huge variety of potential yield pick-up opportunities. Selecting from investments across the entire range of public and private debt markets enables investors to target diverse streams of high-quality cash flows. Download Emerging-market debt: Navigating the allocation dilemma Eaton Vance considers EM economies and their strategic significance. However, what many investors don't know, is that emerging-market debt investing does not need to be as volatile as previously thought.   Download Find whitepapers Search by title or subject area View all whitepapers Sign in   You are currently accessing ProfessionalPensions via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Apps Account details Contact support Sign out   Follow us RSS Twitter Newsletters Apps Register Subscribe PPTV Professional Pensions Home Admin/Tech Benefits Buzz DB DC Investment Law & regulation Risk reduction   You are currently accessing ProfessionalPensions via your Enterprise account. If you already have an account please use the link below to sign in. If you have any problems with your access or would like to request an individual access account please contact our customer service team. Phone: +44 (0) 1858 438800 Email: [email protected] Sign in   Newsletters Apps Account details Contact support Sign out   Japan Japan pensions to boost alternative investment Bloomberg News 26 April 2011 Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   0 Comments JAPAN - Japanese pension funds plan to increase investments in alternative assets and pare their holdings of domestic bonds and stocks this fiscal year to diversify portfolios and bolster returns, a survey showed. Thirty-two percent of 119 Japanese pension funds aim to increase investment in assets such as hedge funds in the year ending March 2012, according to a survey by JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s Tokyo-based asset management unit. They also plan to keep investing in emerging-market stocks and bonds, it showed. Japanese pensions, which have traditionally invested mainly in bonds, are seeking other assets to maintain steady returns and fund retiree benefits in a country where more than one in five people are over 65. The 10-year Japanese government bond yield is hovering around 1.2%, while the Nikkei 225 Stock Average is about a quarter of its 1989 peak. Related articles Transfer values remain volatile as gilt yields fluctuate Dropping out of AE could see retirement income plummet 69% TPR undertakes AE spot checks on Manchester employers Hargreaves Lansdown hires Zurich's Stephen Lefley to head corporate solutions PIC invests £61m in student accommodation debt "We're expecting further diversification to continue going forward among pension funds' investment strategies," Hidenori Suzuki, head of the strategic advisory group at JPMorgan Asset Management (Japan), said at a briefing in Tokyo today to announce the survey's findings. "The trend to lower domestic bond holdings is rather new." About 14% of respondents said they intend to trim investment in domestic bonds, while 21% said they expect to reduce allocations to local equities, the survey showed. A total of 12% of the funds said they plan to increase allocations to emerging-market bonds and stocks. Almost 89% of 79 respondents said the March 11 record earthquake and ensuing tsunami that led to a nuclear disaster does not have a "major" impact that will force them to change their investment plans, the survey showed. Still, about 11% said there are concerns that investments may not be carried out as planned or may change depending on the situation, it showed. JPMorgan surveyed 119 Japanese pension funds with combined assets of about 10 trillion yen ($122bn) in its preliminary report. It plans to release a full report in May. Tweet   Facebook   LinkedIn   Google plus   Send to   Topics Japan JP Morgan Asset Management Latest stories Transfer values remain volatile as gilt yields fluctuate Variation in gilt yields led to a £4,000 rise in the average estimated defined benefit (DB) transfer value over the course of May, Xafinity has estimated. Defined Benefit 08 June 2017 Dropping out of AE could see retirement income plummet 69% Just small differences in approach to saving for retirement could cause people to lose huge portions of income, according to research by Royal London and Milliman. Defined Contribution 08 June 2017 Thirty years in the making 2017 marks Legal & General's 30th year in the bulk annuity market. In the first of three articles, Ashu Bhargava reflects on some of the key changes in the industry over the past three decades Bulk Annuities 07 June 2017 TPR undertakes AE spot checks on Manchester employers The Pensions Regulator (TPR) has carried out spot checks in Greater Manchester to ensure employers are complying with their automatic enrolment (AE) responsibilities. Law and Regulation 07 June 2017 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Back to Top Videos on PPTV   08/06/2017 12:54:52 Most read Transfer values remain volatile as gilt yields fluctuate Dropping out of AE could see retirement income plummet 69% Thirty years in the making TPR undertakes AE spot checks on Manchester employers Reflections of a new professional trustee Contact Us Marketing solutions About Incisive Media Terms and conditions Privacy and Cookie policy RSS Twitter Newsletters Apps © Incisive Media Investments Limited 2015 © Incisive Business Media (IP) Limited, Published by Incisive Business Media Limited, Haymarket House, 28-29 Haymarket, London SW1Y 4RX, are companies registered in England and Wales with company registration numbers 9177174 & 9178013 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016 Digital publisher of the year 2010, 2013 & 2016
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING: Stock Futures Firm As U.K. Outcome Unclear Market Trend Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Stock Market Today Dow, S&P 500 Futures: U.K. Election Raises More Questions ED CARSON 6/09/2017 Reprints Futures for the Dow Jones industrial average, S&P 500 index and Nasdaq 100 signaled little change early Friday as U.K. vote counts indicated that the Conservative Party would lose their majority, though perhaps keep control of Parliament. The pound was sharply lower. XAutoplay: On | OffKeep an eye on financial stocks. Citigroup (C) broke out Thursday as JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Goldman Sachs (GS) and Bank of America (BAC) test key levels. Meanwhile, Amazon (AMZN)-Dish Network (DISH) rumors swirled again. As most of the votes were counted, British media were predicting Conservatives would win 318 seats, down from 330 before the election and less than the 326 needed for an outright majority. Labour would climb to 262 seats, with most third parties losing ground. That would create a hung Parliament. However, Northern Ireland unionists, with a handful of seats, could provide enough support to reach at least a de facto majority of 322. When May called the early election this spring, the Conservatives started with a huge lead, with most analysts betting that the ruling party would amass a sweeping majority. Now political uncertainty is heightened just before Brexit negotiations are supposed to get underway. Even if Conservatives retain control of Parliament, May not be able to hang on as PM. It's also unclear what direction Brexit will take if a handful of anti-EU hardliners or those who favor a "soft" or no Brexit hold the process hostage. It's even possible that new elections will have to held this summer. Futures for the Dow Jones industrial average and S&P 500 index rose fractionally above fair value while the Nasdaq 100 edged lower. On Thursday, the Nasdaq composite climbed 0.4%, hitting a record high, while the Dow and S&P 500 eked out tiny gains. Financials Citigroup, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs were little changed in the after-hours session. If global financial markets swing, Wall Street banks could be bellwethers, though. Citigroup, perhaps the most internationally exposed of the big U.S. banks, rose 2.15% to 63.21 in Thursday's regular session, hitting an 8-year high and clearing a 62.63 buy point. Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase rose more than 1%, all finding resistance at their 50-day moving averages. (Goldman and JPMorgan are Dow industrial components. Treasury yields have risen modestly off recent lows in the past few sessions. Ex-FBI Director James Comey's testimony Thursday, though it didn't paint President Trump in a good light, didn't offer new bombshells. Also, the House OK'd legislation to roll back much of the Dodd-Frank financial regulations, though the real hurdle is the Senate. Amazon-Dish? Meanwhile, Dish Network rose 3% late on a Benzinga report that it's in talks with Amazon for an expanded alliance, possibly even a takeover. Amazon-Dish rumors have been swirling for weeks or even months, with Amazon eyeing Dish's unused spectrum for video streaming. Amazon edged lower in late trade. RELATED: U.K. Heads For Hung Parliament As May's Election Gamble Fails This Financial Giant Is A Buy As Banks Test Key Levels The Big Picture: Are These 3 Sectors Ready To Lead Market? Stocks Pull Off Narrow Win, But These Four Soared To New Highs Alibaba Soars On This Stunning Growth Forecast ED CARSON | Facebook | @IBD_ECarson Share this: Related news Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis 6/08/2017 Get the latest news and analysis on the Dow Jones Industrial Average and its 30 component stocks. 6/08/2017 Get the latest news and analysis on the Dow Jones... Small Caps Thrive; 3 Stock Groups Poised For Rotation These 3 Stocks Are Plays On The Fast-Growing E-Sports Market Alibaba Soars On This Stunning Growth Forecast Why Being Late To Market Doesn't Hurt Apple HomePod This Former Big Winner Bank Stock Is Trying To Vault Higher Again Credit Card Giant Heads For Buy Point, Rivals Near Sell: Investing Action Plan Nordstrom Nearly Halves Gain As Family Explores 'Going Private' Nike, Adidas Have This 'Major Roadblock' Against Amazon Today's Spotlight Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Boston (6/10) or St. Louis (6/24) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Current with Retail Stocks Want to know how HD, MCD, & WMT are doing? View our latest news and investing insight. More News Lasers and highly powerful electronic inspection systems play increasingly vital roles in manufacturing processes too minute for human eyes and hands. (Imaginechina/newscom) Lasers, Chips, Molecules And Microbes: 3 Names In Pursuit Of A Flawless Future Stock With 1,631% Earnings Growth, 5% Dividend Tests Buy Zone Why Rising Rates are Good for High Yield Credit Promoted Content By AB (AllianceBernstein) Special Report IBD/TIPP Poll: Economic Optimism Index The IBD/TIPP Economic Optimism Index held steady in June at 51.3 and remains 2.1 points above its all-time average. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Matt Zames, Seen As A Potential Jamie Dimon Heir, Is Leaving JPMorgan Chase Forbes Nathan Vardi, Forbes Staff 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The days and nights of Elon Musk: How he spends his time Automakers diverge on how fast to deploy automatic braking © Matt Zames. Photographer: Kholood Eid/Bloomberg In 2007 a young banker named Matt Zames told the chief risk officer of JPMorgan Chase’s investment banking operations over lunch that Bernie Madoff was probably running a Ponzi scheme. The story has been part of the aura surrounding Zames’ rising star at the nation’s biggest bank, one that many believed would lift him to the top job and replacing Jamie Dimon as CEO one day. Quotes in the article JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▲ 84.95 +1.04 +1.24% Goldman Sachs Group Inc GSPRA ▲ 23.80 +0.03 +0.13% But on Thursday Dimon wrote a memo to JPMorgan Chase’s employees saying that Zames, the 46-year-old chief operating officer of the bank, had recently given notice that he would be leaving the bank after 13 years. “While I am sad to see him leave, I respect his decision and all he has done for JPMorgan Chase,” Dimon said in his message. In a statement, Zames said, “Jamie has been a true mentor to me, and it has been a privilege to be a member of his team.” Still, the departure of Zames will likely bring a new round of succession questions for Dimon, the 61-year-old longtime CEO of JPMorgan Chase. While the bank has a deep bench, some of his most likely heirs, like Michael Cavanagh and Jes Staley, have left in recent years to take leadership positions at other banks or financial firms. For now, Dimon doesn’t appear to be going anywhere. He is at the height of his power and is arguably the most respected CEO on Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase’s stock has surged by 33% in the last year. He has been cancer free for a few years since his battle with throat cancer. Like Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein, whose longtime deputy Gary Cohn left the bank this year for the White House, Dimon seems firmly entrenched at the helm of his big bank. With Zames’ departure, the most likely Dimon successors include Mary Erdoes, chief of JPMorgan Asset Management, Gordon Smith, head of the bank’s consumer banking division, chief financial officer Marianne Lake, and commercial banking chief Doug Pinto. Erdoes, Lake and Pinto will take over Zames’ responsibilities for now, a Securities & Exchange Commission filing says. While all of these executives play big roles at JPMorgan Chase, Zames over the years was the guy who was called in to handle the most sticky situations. He was tapped to clean up the London Whale trading disaster a few years ago, one of the lowest points of Dimon’s tenure at the bank. He also played a key role in JPMorgan Chase’s successful and game changing takeover of Bear Stearns at the outset of the financial crisis. JPMorgan Chase will make $10 million of payments to Zames ending in February 2019 as part of his exit arrangement. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Forbes SoftBank Acquires Boston Dynamics From Alphabet Forbes A Mere 12% Of Companies Are Truly Inclusive -- Here's How To Fix That Forbes Tesla's Sales Setbacks Do Not Deter Investors Forbes Forbes View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This ASUS tablet includes keyboard, pen, + more! Dell Dual Video USB 3.0 Docking Station, $89.99 Save $200 on the Dell Inspiron 13 with Intel i7 This compact mouse is only $19.99 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
null
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for June 02, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed William C. Lickle Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who William C. Lickle has been endorsed by Marquis Who's Who as a leader in the finance sector Mr. Lickle has been a member of dozens of professional societies and organizations over the years.     PALM BEACH, FL, June 02, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- William C. Lickle is a celebrated Marquis Who's Who biographee. As in all Marquis Who's Who biographical volumes, individuals profiled are selected on the basis of current reference value. Factors such as position, noteworthy accomplishments, visibility, and prominence in a field are all taken into account during the selection process. Marquis Who's Who, the world's premier publisher of biographical profiles, is proud to name Mr. Lickle a Lifetime Achiever. An accomplished listee, Mr. Lickle celebrates many years' experience in his professional network, and has been noted for achievements, leadership qualities, and the credentials and successes he has accrued in his field. About William C. Lickle Financial expert William Lickle currently serves as president of Renwil Corp. and consulting editor for Lickle Publishing (now part of Charlesbridge Publishing of Boston). He founded Lickle Publishing in 1995 and served as its president until 2006. He has also served as Director Emeritus of Christiana Care Health System since 1987. Mr. Lickle's 35-year career in finance included positions with JPMorgan International Holdings, now JP Morgan Chase & Co. (Chairman, 1989-1993), the Florida Division of JPMorgan (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, 1989-1993), and the Delaware Division of JPMorgan (Vice Chairman, 1989-1992). He also held roles with Delaware Trust Company, now Wells Fargo (Chairman and CEO, 1977-1988), Dean Witter & Company, Inc., now Morgan Stanley (Director, Senior Vice President, 1973-1977), Laird Bissell & Meeds, now Morgan Stanley (Chairman and CEO, 1957-1973), Niront & Company (Vice President, 1955-1957), Wheelock & Lickle Real Estate (Partner, 1955-1957), and Laird & Company (Stockbroker, 1955-1957). He attained an LLB and JD from the University of Virginia School of Law and a BA from the University of Virginia. He was admitted to the Virginia Bar Association in 1953, the American Bar Association in 1953 and the Supreme Court of the United States in 2012. His expertise in finance led to his being named Ronald Reagan's Appointee to the Export Council (1988-1989), Director of the Florida Division as well as overall Director of Bessemer Trust (1974-1988; 1983-1988), Director of Lehman Trust Company of Delaware (2007-2008), Adviser to Marvin & Palmer Associates, Inc. (1993-2005), Advisory Board Member for the International Literacy Association (2006-2009), Director of General Recreation, Inc. (1974-1978), Chairman of the Registrar & Transfer Company (1963-1965), Director of Meridian Bancorp, Inc. (1988), and Director of Ashbridge Investment Management, Inc. (1996). Mr. Lickle's civic involvement over the years is notable. He served on the Board of Managers for the University of Virginia's Alumni Association (1987-1994), as President of the university's Board of Managers (1992-1993), and as Director Emeritus and Vice Chairman of the University of Virginia's Jefferson Scholars Program (1985-1998). He also served as a Trustee of Thomas Jefferson University Medical College (1971-1978) and The Ethel Walker School (1977-1979) and on Rollins College's National Advisory Committee (1973-1976). William Lickle also gave back to his community by serving as Director of the United Community Fund of Delaware (1960-1962), Founder of the Delaware Community Foundation (1987), Vice Chairman and Founder of the Better Business Bureau of Delaware (1972), Director and Treasurer of the Boys & Girls Club of Wilmington (1963-1983), Director of the Delaware Museum of Natural History (1974-1981), Trustee of Winterthur Museum's Garden & Library (1989-1994), Trustee of the Grand Opera House (1986-1990), Trustee and Chairman of the Brandywine River Museum of Art's Development Committee (1982-1988), and Commissioner of the New Castle County Airport (1964-1969) and the New Castle County Transportation Commission (1967-1969). Mr. Lickle also served as Director and Treasurer of Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Delaware, now Highmark, Inc., from 1963-1968, Founder and Chairman of the Delaware Cancer Network's Finance Committee from 1975-1977, and Director and Chairman of Wilmington Medical Center's Finance Committee from 1965-1983. In 1988, he served as Director of the Executive Committee and Chairman of the Finance Committee when the King of Sweden visited the state. Other positions include consultant to the Max Planck Foundation (2012-2015) and Special Gifts Chairman for the American Cancer Society (1968). Mr. Lickle was a member of the Delaware Chamber of Commerce from 1979-1980. Upon moving to Florida, Mr. Lickle became an Honorary Trustee of the Society of the Four Arts in Palm Beach, and served as Director of Planned Parenthood of Palm Beach (1981-1985). He was also Director of the Palm Beach Civic Association (1989-1991) and Director of the Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. (1990-1995). Mr. Lickle's interest in politics goes back to 1956 when he served on the Finance Committee for Citizens for Eisenhower Delaware. In 1960, he served as Finance Chairman of Volunteers for Nixon Delaware. In 1964, he was the Statewide Coordinator for Delaware for Goldwater, and in 1966 and 1968, Mr. Lickle was a member of the Steering Committee for the Delaware Campaign for Senator William V. Roth. From 1964 to 1968, he was an Executive Committee Member and Treasurer for the State of Delaware's Republican Party. In 1980, he helped raise funds for President Reagan's 1980 election campaign, and from 1985 to 1988, he was a member of The Delaware Roundtable. He also served as an adviser to Governor Michael Castle regarding economic development of the state from 1987 to 1992. Mr. Lickle has been a member of dozens of professional societies and organizations over the years. These include: University of Virginia: Kappa Alpha Order; Skull and Keys; NROTC; WUVA; Phi Alpha Delta; Vice Chairman, Student Curriculum Committee Law; Director, Executive Committee, Chairman, Finance Committee, Director, Breeders' Cup Limited (1984-1995); Chairman and Founder, Point-to-Point, Winterthur Museum, Garden & Library; The Coaching Club of America (1993-2004); Board of Managers and Chairman of the Race Committee, Fair Hill Races (1975-1986); Founder, Director, Executive Committee, Thoroughbred Racing Communications, NY (1987-1988); Director, Steeplechase Owners and Trainers Association (1995-1999); Director, Turf Club, Delaware Park, Delaware Racing Association (1976-1982); Advisory Board Member, National Steeplechase Museum (1999-Present); Steward, National Steeplechase Association (1977-1979); Former Director, VP Treasurer, Bath and Tennis Club, Palm Beach, FL; Former Director, Everglades Club, Palm Beach, FL (1981); Former Director, Vicmead Hunt Club, Wilmington, DE (1950); Honorary Member, Wilmington Club; Wilmington Country Club (1945-Present); Confrerie des Chevaliers du Tastevin (1990-2004); Palm Beach Polo and Country Club; Saratoga Golf and Polo Club; Coral Beach Club, Bermuda; Lyford Cay Club, Nassau; Rolling Rock Club, Ligonier, PA; Seminole Golf Club; Former Director, Vice President, Saratoga Reading Room; The Crocodiles (1991-Present); Society of Colonial Wars; Magna Charta Barons, Philadelphia, PA; Sons of the American Revolution. Mr. Lickle has been honored with the following equestrian awards: Owner of the Year, The National Steeplechase Association (1991, 1992, 1997); Second Leading Owner, Money Won in Steeplechase History; Recipient, Hall of Fame, National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame (1996); Recipient, Eclipse Award (1996); Recipient, Saratoga Racetrack Records, New York Racing Association. While attending the University of Virginia, he was named to the Dean's List, received Intermediate Honors and was a member of Omicron Delta Kappa, The Raven Society, Emeritus Society, The Lawn Society, Rotunda Society, and Dean's Council of the School of Law. He was also named Links Champion of the Kappa Alpha Order Team, and Golf Champion of the Kappa Alpha Order Team. In addition to his status as a Lifetime Achiever, Mr. Lickle has been featured in Who's Who in Finance and Industry, Who's Who in America, Who's Who in the South and Southwest and Who's Who in the World. About Marquis Who's Who : Since 1899, when A. N. Marquis printed the First Edition of Who's Who in America , Marquis Who's Who has chronicled the lives of the most accomplished individuals and innovators from every significant field of endeavor, including politics, business, medicine, law, education, art, religion and entertainment. Today, Who's Who in America remains an essential biographical source for thousands of researchers, journalists, librarians and executive search firms around the world. Marquis publications may be visited at the official Marquis Who's Who website at www.marquiswhoswho.com. # # # Read more Press Releases from Fred Marks: Gerhard L. Weinberg Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who Dr. Samuel Fisher Babbitt Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who Eugene Roth Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who Leslie Brookes Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who Jane Whitehead Recognized by Marquis Who's Who for Excellence in Archeological Research and Excavation Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Fred Marks Marquis Who's Who Ventures LLC Berkeley Heights, NJ USA Voice: 844-394-6946 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Follow Us: Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Business Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Adjusting to smaller role, banks lending again to U.S. drillers But they remain cautious after writing off billions during crude's downturn By Collin Eaton June 8, 2017 Updated: June 8, 2017 9:54pm Photo: MICHAEL STRAVATO, STR Image 1of/4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Randy Perry, a crew manager who oversees drilling for Elevation Resources, at his office near Midland, Texas, Jan. 14, 2015. With oil prices plummeting by more than 50 percent since June, the gleeful mood of recent years has turned glum here in West Texas as the frenzy of shale oil drilling has come to a screeching halt (Michael Stravato/The New York Times) less Randy Perry, a crew manager who oversees drilling for Elevation Resources, at his office near Midland, Texas, Jan. 14, 2015. With oil prices plummeting by more than 50 percent since June, the gleeful mood of ... more Photo: MICHAEL STRAVATO, STR Image 2 of 4 Oil workers drilling for oil on rig near College Station, Tuesday, May 9, 2017. ( Marie D. De Jesus / Houston Chronicle ) Oil workers drilling for oil on rig near College Station, Tuesday, May 9, 2017. ( Marie D. De Jesus / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Marie D. De Jesus, Staff Image 3 of 4 Patterson-UTI APEX-XK 1500 oil rig drill. Tuesday, May 9, 2017, near College Station. ( Marie D. De Jesus / Houston Chronicle ) Patterson-UTI APEX-XK 1500 oil rig drill. Tuesday, May 9, 2017, near College Station. ( Marie D. De Jesus / Houston Chronicle ) Photo: Marie D. De Jesus, Staff Image 4 of 4 Workers drill for oil near College Station. Lenders have boosted oil loans. ﻿ Workers drill for oil near College Station. Lenders have boosted oil loans. ﻿ Photo: Marie D. De Jesus, Staff Adjusting to smaller role, banks lending again to U.S. drillers 1 / 4 Back to Gallery Bank lending that nourished drillers in the nation's first surge of shale oil has picked up again as oil prices and profits recover, but is likely to remain well below the go-go days of the last boom even as hundreds of drilling rigs and thousands of workers pour into West Texas and Oklahoma. Lenders like JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo, as well as some Houston banks, have boosted the size and number of loans fueling the U.S. oil industry's rebound, pouring more than $40 billion in new or amended lines of credit into the nation's energy companies in the first three months of the year. Alongside banks, private investors and capital markets have put up another $41 billion in debt and equity in a flurry of deals that mark a reversal of fortune in the U.S. energy industry after a downturn that inflicted historic losses on creditors and forced 269 North American oil and gas companies into bankruptcy. Still, energy bankers remain cautious after writing off billions in bad loans during the oil bust. They say they're not lending as freely as they did during the last boom, in part because of a new regulatory effort that pushes lenders to extend less credit to oil companies, especially those that run up large debts from other sources. Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. Business Q&A: 'Houston is what America was meant to be' No perjury prosecution over costly VA hospital Taylor Swift's music is returning to Spotify, Pandora and more Axed golf course manager to get severance from Howard Hughes Oil market signal: Slow down, shale drillers Adjusting to smaller role, banks lending again to U.S. drillers The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, one of the five U.S. agencies that oversee banking, last year issued new energy-lending guidelines calling on banks to account for an oil company's ability to service all debts on its books, not just their own loans. The goal is prevent banks from falling prey to another energy debt bubble should the oil and gas industry collapse again. "The regulators are saying if the whole company is in trouble, it's your problem," said Andrew Flint, a partner at the law firm Thompson & Knight in Houston. The OCC's guidelines could reshape the financial landscape of the shale industry as the second boom continues, giving private equity groups and other debt investors - which offer more expensive capital than banks - greater roles as banks cede territory to satisfy regulators. If non-bank debt balloons as it did in the days of $100-a-barrel oil a few years ago, banks may have to reduce their loans to oil companies to make room for the other debt, bankers said. "We're all living within that new standard," said Stephen Kennedy, head of energy banking at Houston's Amegy Bank, a $14 billion lender. But when oil companies grow to a size that requires new bond issuances or other debt, he added, "We'll be struggling as an industry to comply. We can't control how much debt the company issues." The first quarter's $40.6 billion in new U.S. energy loans was 7 percent higher than the same period a year ago, the worst stretch of the oil bust, according to Petroleum Listing Service, a research firm in Houston. If oil prices hold steady, Kennedy expects Amegy's energy loans, which fell by one-third, or $1 billion, during the bust, to increase. Banks issue loans to oil producers based on the value of the reserves of oil and gas in the ground, which have gone up since oil prices rose from last year's lows. Still, as regulatory guidelines take hold, the lines of credit offered by the bank will come in up to 20 percent below the credit limits in the days of $100 oil a few years ago. Last year, when oil prices fell to a 12-year low of $26 a barrel, few banks were willing to extend lines of credit to oil companies, capping the loans among larger banks at around $600 million. Now, with higher oil prices, bigger banks have inked deals for $1.5 billion to $2 billion, said Mike Lister, head of energy for JPMorgan's corporate client banking business. Those figures are still lower than the maximum $3 billion lines of credit that large banks arranged before the downturn. "Appetite for new loan transactions that meet the revised OCC standards is strong," Lister said. JPMorgan Chase has extended more than $1.3 billion in new loans to more than 25 new energy clients, he added. In the first quarter, U.S. energy companies raised some $27 billion in debt from the bond market and other non-bank sources and $14 billion in equity for to launch the decade's second burst of domestic drilling. Globally, oil companies are expected to boost capital spending 7 percent to around $400 billion this year, after cutting investments in the previous two years, according to Barclays. "Oil companies aren't jumping up and down, but they're seeing things start to get a lot better," said David Zalman, chief executive of Houston's Prosperity Bancshares, the holding company of Prosperity Bank, which has $22.4 billion in assets. Still, he said, the financial industry is working through bad loans from the first oil boom. Banks have become more cautious in lending and certainly less competitive than in prior years, when they sought to grab market share by undercutting rivals with lower interest rates. "In the past we were all so competitive," Zalman said. "Banks should be looking at where we are today, and if prices dropped to $35 a barrel, can the company pay you back with cash flow?" Paul Murphy, chairman and chief executive of Cadence Bancorporation in Houston, the holding company of Alabama-based Cadence Bank, said lenders will make more conservative assumptions in their loan underwriting this time around. For example, instead of stress testing a loan based on a $20 decline in per-barrel oil prices, banks will test whether the loan will hold up even if oil prices drop by $30 a barrel, he said. That means that all told, banks won't lend as much as they did in previous years, and oil companies will rely less heavily on debt. "We're open today for new oil and gas loans," Murphy said. But, he added, "It's a high bar you must climb." Collin Eaton Business Reporter, Houston Chronicle Houston Cornyn finds case for Trump in Comey testimony Houston Methodist sued over alleged secret taping of calls Sports At 39, she has an eye on 2020 Olympics Lifestyle Get details on TV's summer session Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
null
Jamie Dimon's heir apparent at JPMorgan is leaving - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Jamie Dimon's heir apparent at JPMorgan is leaving Posted: Thursday, June 8, 2017 3:25 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, June 8, 2017 4:25 PM EDT Does anyone at JPMorgan Chase want to be the eventual successor to CEO Jamie Dimon? The bank is about to lose yet another high-profile executive who was widely thought to be a potential heir apparent to Dimon. Does anyone at JPMorgan Chase want to be the eventual successor to CEO Jamie Dimon? The bank is about to lose yet another high-profile executive who was widely thought to be a potential heir apparent to Dimon. Does anyone at JPMorgan Chase want to be the eventual successor to CEO Jamie Dimon? The bank is about to lose yet another high-profile executive who was widely thought to be a potential heir apparent to Dimon. By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Does anyone at JPMorgan Chase want to be the eventual successor to CEO Jamie Dimon? The bank is about to lose yet another high-profile executive who was widely thought to be a potential heir apparent to Dimon. JPMorgan Chase chief operating officer Matt Zames, a 13-year veteran of the firm, is leaving. Dimon confirmed the news in a memo to the bank's employees that was sent to CNNMoney. Dimon did not mention whether Zames was leaving to take a job elsewhere. "While I am sad to see him leave, I respect his decision and all he has done for JPMorgan Chase," Dimon wrote in the memo. Zames added that he was "very proud of all of the wonderful things the people here at JPMorgan Chase have accomplished as well as the amazing opportunities I've been given. I've never been more optimistic about the future of the company." In a regulatory filing with the SEC, the bank said Zames is eligible for various payments over the next two years that would be worth about $10 million. Based on previous SEC filings, he is also eligible for his cash bonus and stock units. They were worth more than $18 million, according to the bank's most recent proxy statement. So what's next for the bank? Dimon, who is arguably the most successful and most famous banker in the country, has led JPMorgan Chase as its CEO since December 31, 2005 and was named chairman a year later. But there has been constant speculation about when Dimon, 61, might retire. There have been rumors about a possible interest in politics too. He was thought to be someone that President Trump was considering for treasury secretary as well. Dimon, who has often donated to Democratic candidates, was also often referred to as being former President Obama's favorite banker. And Warren Buffett even said in an interview with Charlie Rose after the 2012 election that Obama should consider Dimon for his cabinet in his second term. But Dimon and JPMorgan Chase have continuously shot down any rumors about him potentially leaving the bank to work for the government. And with Zames leaving the bank, it now seems like it may take JPMorgan Chase even longer to find a successor. Over the past few years, several other high-profile executives who were widely thought to be contenders to replace Dimon have left the bank. Michael Cavanagh. formerly the co-CEO of JPMorgan Chase' corporate & investment Bank, left in 2014 for private equity firm The Carlyle Group. He left that gig a year later to become the CFO of cable and media conglomerate Comcast. Another rumored Dimon successor, Jes Staley left in 2013 for hedge fund BlueMountain Capital and then took the CEO job at British bank Barclays in 2015. Who's left to possibly take over for Dimon? Based on his memo, which lists a new organization chart for top executives, it would appear that there are five likely contenders: CFO Marianne Lake Corporate and investment bank CEO Daniel Pinto Consumer and community banking CEO Gordon Smith Asset management CEO Mary Erdoes Commercial bank chief Doug Petno It's always possible the bank could look to hire a veteran from another financial firm too. The opportunity to succeed Dimon as CEO of JPMorgan Chase is arguably one of the most plum job opportunities in all of Corporate America, let alone Wall Street. Whoever eventually takes over for Dimon will face a tough task though. It will mean replacing one of the most respected bankers out there and being inevitably compared to him. JPMorgan Chase's stock has nearly doubled over the past 10 years -- a period that includes the 2008 financial crisis and its immediate aftermath. That's better than the overall market as well as peers Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, Wells Fargo and Morgan Stanley. Still, it seems that Dimon, who had successful treatments for throat cancer a few years ago, is not going anywhere anytime soon. There was no mention of his retirement or succession planning in the memo about Zames. Dimon also didn't say who would succeed Zames as COO. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in business Activist investor seeks to oust Ratner family from FCRT Scaramucci may have finally landed a gig in the Trump... Theresa May’s exit poll surprise hits British market hard Owner of Saks, Lord & Taylor set to slash 2,000 jobs Ann Taylor, Dress Barn owner closing 25 percent of its stores Trump’s jobs plan could make your beer more expensive House approves legislation to roll back Dodd-Frank act Rent-a-Center faces a possible sale as activist wins seats Trump’s exit of climate agreement may threaten his resorts JPMorgan’s operating chief unexpectedly leaves the bank Verizon to slash 2,100 jobs at Yahoo and AOL Yahoo shareholders approve $4.48B merger with Verizon Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy JPMorgan’s operating chief unexpectedly leaves the bank By Kevin Dugan View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 8, 2017 | 3:30pm | Updated June 8, 2017 | 4:42pm Modal Trigger Getty Images More On: jpmorgan chase JPMorgan, BofA warn trading this quarter is looking weak City stiffs its employees heading into holiday weekend Brexit will cost London thousands of banking jobs BJ’s Wholesale Club enlists JPMorgan to help find buyer One of Jamie Dimon’s top lieutenants at JPMorgan Chase — who had been considered among the most likely to succeed him as CEO — is unexpectedly leaving the Wall Street bank, according to a Wednesday internal memo obtained by The Post. Matt Zames, a 13-year veteran who rose to the rank of Chief Operating Officer, had been in the role for more than four years. He and Dimon, who has been CEO 2005, were known to have had a good relationship, according to a company insider. With Zames’ departure, the two most likely people to succeed Dimon are Daniel Pinto, CEO of JPMorgan’s corporate and investment bank, and Gordon Smith, CEO of consumer and community banking, the source said. However, Dimon — who has said for years that he will leave in about five years, yet held onto his job through a bought of throat cancer — has frustrated plenty of supposed heirs apparent. Just ask Michael Cavanagh, CFO of Comcast; Charlie Scharf, former Visa CEO; or Jes Staley, Barclays’ CEO — all of whom had been former JPM execs, and were whispered to be in line for the throne. It isn’t clear exactly what Zames’ next plans are, but he had made it clear that he wanted to run a company, the source said. “Jamie has been a true mentor to me, and it has been a privilege to be a member of his team. I’m confident I will continue to benefit from his guidance and wisdom in the future,” Zames, 46, wrote in the memo that was sent to bank employees. In Zames’ role, he not only oversaw the technology and day-to-day operations at the House of Morgan, but also the treasury and the investment office. His responsibilities are being spread out among other top executives at the bank, and there is no immediate plan to fill the COO role. “While I am sad to see him leave, I respect his decision and all he has done for JPMorgan Chase,” Dimon said in the memo. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under jamie dimon ,  jpmorgan chase ,  succession planning ,  wall street Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Facebook Messenger WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Verizon to slash 2,100 jobs at Yahoo and AOL Read Next Verizon to slash 2,100 jobs at Yahoo and AOL Share Selection Columnists John Crudele Comey's testimony unlikely to rock Wall Street Claire Atkinson Hillary needs to move on from her loss already Keith J. Kelly Hillary Clinton is a winner when it comes to publishing world SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Trending Now on NYPost.com 30,516 80-year-old cougar found dead days after boyfriend arrested for assault 25,463 Angry investors feed live donkey to tigers at Chinese zoo 23,937 Accused NSA leaker wanted to 'burn the White House down' Now On Jury hears Cosby’s description of ‘petting and touching’ his accuser New York ‘Hip-Hop Cops’ target 2 Chainz Mavis Staples wanted Chance the Rapper on her album SEE ALL Video 1:05 Rapper sucker-punched during live performance More Stories page six Khloé Kardashian eats celery as a meal Now On Decider ‘Gypsy’ Trailer: Naomi Watts Struggles With Her Sexual Impulses in Netflix’s Psychological Thriller nypost 80-year-old cougar found dead days after boyfriend arrested for assault New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Messenger Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Jamie Dimon’s heir apparent at JPMorgan is leaving Jamie Dimon’s heir apparent at JPMorgan is leaving Posted on Thursday, June 8, 2017 by CNN in Business News Does anyone at JPMorgan Chase want to be the eventual successor to CEO Jamie Dimon? The bank is about to lose yet another high-profile executive who was widely thought to be a potential heir apparent to Dimon. JPMorgan Chase chief operating officer Matt Zames, a 13-year veteran of the firm, is leaving. Dimon confirmed the news in a memo to the bank’s employees that was sent to CNNMoney. Dimon did not mention whether Zames was leaving to take a job elsewhere. “While I am sad to see him leave, I respect his decision and all he has done for JPMorgan Chase,” Dimon wrote in the memo. Zames added that he was “very proud of all of the wonderful things the people here at JPMorgan Chase have accomplished as well as the amazing opportunities I’ve been given. I’ve never been more optimistic about the future of the company.” In a regulatory filing with the SEC, the bank said Zames is eligible for various payments over the next two years that would be worth about $10 million. Based on previous SEC filings, he is also eligible for his cash bonus and stock units. They were worth more than $18 million, according to the bank’s most recent proxy statement. So what’s next for the bank? Dimon, who is arguably the most successful and most famous banker in the country, has led JPMorgan Chase as its CEO since December 31, 2005 and was named chairman a year later. But there has been constant speculation about when Dimon, 61, might retire. There have been rumors about a possible interest in politics too. He was thought to be someone that President Trump was considering for treasury secretary as well. Dimon, who has often donated to Democratic candidates, was also often referred to as being former President Obama’s favorite banker. And Warren Buffett even said in an interview with Charlie Rose after the 2012 election that Obama should consider Dimon for his cabinet in his second term. But Dimon and JPMorgan Chase have continuously shot down any rumors about him potentially leaving the bank to work for the government. And with Zames leaving the bank, it now seems like it may take JPMorgan Chase even longer to find a successor. Over the past few years, several other high-profile executives who were widely thought to be contenders to replace Dimon have left the bank. Michael Cavanagh, formerly the co-CEO of JPMorgan Chase’s corporate & investment bank, left in 2014 for private equity firm The Carlyle Group. He left that gig a year later to become the CFO of cable and media conglomerate Comcast. Another rumored Dimon successor, Jes Staley left in 2013 for hedge fund BlueMountain Capital and then took the CEO job at British bank Barclays in 2015. Who’s left to possibly take over for Dimon? Based on his memo, which lists a new organization chart for top executives, it would appear that there are five likely contenders: CFO Marianne Lake Corporate and investment bank CEO Daniel Pinto Consumer and community banking CEO Gordon Smith Asset management CEO Mary Erdoes Commercial bank chief Doug Petno It’s always possible the bank could look to hire a veteran from another financial firm too. The opportunity to succeed Dimon as CEO of JPMorgan Chase is arguably one of the most plum job opportunities in all of Corporate America, let alone Wall Street. Whoever eventually takes over for Dimon will face a tough task though. It will mean replacing one of the most respected bankers out there and being inevitably compared to him. JPMorgan Chase’s stock has nearly doubled over the past 10 years — a period that includes the 2008 financial crisis and its immediate aftermath. That’s better than the overall market as well as peers Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, Wells Fargo and Morgan Stanley. Still, it seems that Dimon, who had successful treatments for throat cancer a few years ago, is not going anywhere anytime soon. There was no mention of his retirement or succession planning in the memo about Zames. Dimon also didn’t say who would succeed Zames as COO. How much life insurance do you need (if any)? Now Facebook can tell lawmakers what voters are reading Related Posts Southwest pilots reach tentative deal with airline after 4 years of talks Facebook wants to beam the internet down from helicopters Media bashing at Donald Trump’s ‘circus-like’ presser CNB Financial Corp. Closes Merger With FC Banc Corp. Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
null
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC JPMorgan exec - M&A deals died since Trump elected Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               John Purcell, an investment banker at JPMorgan Chase for the insurance industry, said it’s become harder to put mergers and acquisitions together because companies that were thinking about deals have been confronting increased uncertainty since Donald Trump was elected president. Bloomberg News: Trump’s win “had a chilling effect on deal activity,” Purcell said Wednesday at a conference held by S&P Global Ratings in New York. “Personally, I’ve had three M&A deals die since Trump was elected.” There have been about $554 billion of takeovers across all industries involving U.S. acquirers or targets announced this year through May, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. That’s down from more than $600 billion in the same period of 2016. Purcell didn’t identify the companies that backed away from combinations. He said one potential transaction would have been an inversion, or a type of deal in which a U.S. company takes on the headquarters of a non-U.S. firm where taxes are lower. Trump won support in the campaign with his promises to stand up for the country’s taxpayers. Hit the link below to access the complete Bloomberg News article: JPMorgan's Purcell Says Three Deals Died on Him Since Trump Won JPMorgan Will Fund Luxury-Condo Tower at NYC's 1 Wall Street Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2017 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
SMI 8'812 -0.7%  SPI 10'055 -0.7%  Dow 21'183 0.0%  DAX 12'714 0.3%  Euro 1.0851 0.1%  EStoxx50 3'564 0.4%  Gold 1'273 -0.5%  Dollar 0.9696 0.2%  Öl 47.7 -0.3%  SMI 8'812 -0.7%  SPI 10'055 -0.7%  Dow 21'183 0.0%  DAX 12'714 0.3%  Euro 1.0851 0.1%  EStoxx50 3'564 0.4%  Gold 1'273 -0.5%  Dollar 0.9696 0.2%  Öl 47.7 -0.3%    Menu✖ Börse Aktien Aktienkurse Indizes Listen Strukturierte Produkte Suche Fonds Obligationen Rohstoffe Devisen Währungsrechner Zinsen News & Analysen News Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen myfinanzen Registrieren Passwort vergessen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen Suchen✖   Anmelden Registrieren? Fan werden   Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen News Analysen Experten Kolumnen Finanzplanung Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen Rubriken Ad-hoc Meldungen Börsenberichte Chartanalysen Emittentennews Fondsgesellschaft News Heute im Fokus Immobilien Interviews Konjunktur Steuern Versicherungen Vorsorge Zinsen BrandReport Quellen awp Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires fondstrends.ch Handelszeitung Hugin newsbox.ch Redaktion finanzen.ch Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Videoportal Trading-Webinar: diese Analysetools helfen beim Risikomanagement - Hier anmelden und kostenlos teilnehmen! CalAtlantic Group Aktie [Valor: 29763436 / ISIN: US1281951046] Kaufen Verkaufen Als führende Anbieterin von Online-Finanzdienstleistungen bietet Swissquote Bank AG eine benutzerfreundliche Trading Plattform für den Handel von über 2.5 Millionen Finanzprodukten. Hinzu kommen verschiedene Forex Plattformen, ePrivate Banking Services, Hypotheken und Sparkonten. Kaufen Verkaufen Konto eröffnen Konto eröffnen Kurse + Charts + Realtime News + Analysen Fundamental Unternehmen zugeh. Wertpapiere Aktion Kurs + Chart Chart (gross) News + Adhoc Bilanz/GuV Termine Strukturierte Produkte Portfolio Times + Sales Chartvergleich Analysen Schätzungen Profil Watchlist Börsenplätze Realtime Push Kursziele Dividende/GV Historisch Analysen < Kurse + Charts + Realtime Kurs + Chart Chart (gross) Times + Sales Chartvergleich Börsenplätze Realtime Push Historisch > < News + Analysen News + Adhoc Analysen Kursziele > < Fundamental Bilanz/GuV Schätzungen Dividende/GV Analysen > < Unternehmen Termine Profil > < zugeh. Wertpapiere Strukturierte Produkte > 09.06.2017 03:15:00 CalAtlantic Group, Inc. Announces Pricing Of Secondary Common Stock Offering By MP CA Homes LLC And Repurchase Of Common Stock Tweet A A Teilen Drucken ARLINGTON, Va., June 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (NYSE: CAA) today announced the pricing of the previously announced public offering by MP CA Homes LLC, an affiliate of MatlinPatterson Global Advisers LLC, of 10,000,000 shares of the aggregate 42,842,557 shares of the Company's common stock held by the selling stockholder, at a public offering price of $34.25 per share, resulting in gross proceeds to the selling stockholder of approximately $342,500,000, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses.  The selling stockholder also granted to the underwriters of the common stock offering an option to purchase up to an additional 1,500,000 shares of the Company's common stock.  Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the common stock offering.  The Company will not sell any shares in the common stock offering and will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale by MP CA Homes LLC.  The closing of the common stock offering is expected to occur on June 14, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. The Company has also entered into an agreement with the selling stockholder to repurchase 3,010,008 shares of the Company's common stock directly from the selling stockholder in a private, non-underwritten transaction at the purchase price per share equal to the price paid by the underwriters in the public offering. The share repurchase is expected to be consummated concurrently with the public offering and is conditioned upon the closing of the public offering. However, the closing of the public offering is not conditioned upon the consummation of the share repurchase. The Company intends to fund the share repurchase from cash on hand. The Company has an effective registration statement (including a prospectus) on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and has filed a prospectus supplement with the SEC for the offering to which this communication relates.  Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents the Company has filed with the SEC for more complete information about CalAtlantic and the offering by MP CA Homes LLC.  You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC web site at www.sec.gov.  Alternatively, copies may be obtained from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, One Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10010, by telephone at (800) 221-1037 or by email at newyork.prospectus@credit-suisse.com, or from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717 or by telephone at (866) 803-9204. This news release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities, nor shall there be any sale of such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About CalAtlantic Group, Inc. CalAtlantic Group, Inc. (NYSE: CAA) offers homes in 41 Metropolitan Statistical Areas spanning 17 states. This news release contains forward-looking statements.  These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the expected closing of the offering and share repurchase.  Forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations or beliefs regarding future events or circumstances, and you should not place undue reliance on these statements.  Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors many of which are out of the Company's control and difficult to forecast that may cause actual results to differ materially from those that may be described or implied.  The Company cannot be certain that the offering or the share repurchase will be completed on the terms discussed above, or at all.  For a discussion of certain other risks, uncertainties and other factors affecting the statements contained in this news release, see the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q.  Except as required by law, the Company assumes no, and hereby disclaims any, obligation to update any of the foregoing or any other forward-looking statements.  The Company nonetheless reserves the right to make such updates from time to time by press release, periodic report or other method of public disclosure without the need for specific reference to this news release.  No such update shall be deemed to indicate that other statements not addressed by such update remain correct or create an obligation to provide any other updates.  Contact: Jeff McCall, EVP & CFO (240) 532-3888, jeff.mccall@calatl.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/calatlantic-group-inc-announces-pricing-of-secondary-common-stock-offering-by-mp-ca-homes-llc-and-repurchase-of-common-stock-300471520.html SOURCE CalAtlantic Group, Inc. Nachrichten zu CalAtlantic Group Incmehr Nachrichten Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen 09.09.16 Ex-Dividend Reminder: CalAtlantic Group, World Wrestling Entertainment and Macy's (EN, Forbes) 11.07.16 CalAtlantic Group upgraded to buy from neutral at MKM Partners (EN, MarketWatch) 11.02.16 CalAtlantic Group OKs $200 million share buyback (EN, Market Watch) 08.10.15 CalAtlantic Group, Inc. -- Moody's upgrades CalAtlantic's CFR to Ba2 (Moodys) Analysen zu CalAtlantic Group Incmehr Analysen Alle Buy Hold Sell 01.05.17 CalAtlantic Group Outperform RBC Capital Markets 06.01.17 CalAtlantic Group Underweight Barclays Capital 20.09.16 CalAtlantic Group Outperform Wedbush Morgan Securities Inc. 19.07.16 CalAtlantic Group Outperform RBC Capital Markets 11.07.16 CalAtlantic Group Buy MKM Partners 01.05.17 CalAtlantic Group Outperform RBC Capital Markets 06.01.17 CalAtlantic Group Underweight Barclays Capital 20.09.16 CalAtlantic Group Outperform Wedbush Morgan Securities Inc. 19.07.16 CalAtlantic Group Outperform RBC Capital Markets 11.07.16 CalAtlantic Group Buy MKM Partners 01.05.17 CalAtlantic Group Outperform RBC Capital Markets 20.09.16 CalAtlantic Group Outperform Wedbush Morgan Securities Inc. 19.07.16 CalAtlantic Group Outperform RBC Capital Markets 11.07.16 CalAtlantic Group Buy MKM Partners 09.05.16 CalAtlantic Group Outperform FBR Capital 06.01.17 CalAtlantic Group Underweight Barclays Capital 09.05.16 CalAtlantic Group Neutral MKM Partners 22.02.16 CalAtlantic Group Neutral MKM Partners 15.10.15 CalAtlantic Group Neutral UBS AG 13.10.15 CalAtlantic Group Equal weight Barclays Capital Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: Valor / ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: CHF Hinzufügen Speichern Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript für Kommentare powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Newssuche GO Inside (Anzeige) 08:34 Nestlé belastet den SMI 08.06.17 Julius Bär Warrants - Neuemissionen 08.06.17 Vontobel: Schweizer Blue Chips: 45% Sicherheitspuffer und 5% p.a. garantiert 17.05.17 Produkte in Zeichnung: Worst-Of BRCs auf Europäische Airlines, Französische Automobil-Unternehmen und Amerikanische Software-Entwickler. 08.05.17 ideas Magazin - Grossmeister der Börse und ihre Erfolgsstrategien mehr Inside Fonds (Anzeige) 08.06.17 J.P. Morgan AM: Osteuropa wächst überdurchschnittlich 06.06.17 Schroders: Schroders Economic & Strategy Viewpoint / June 2017 mehr Aktien in diesem Artikel CalAtlantic Group Inc 34.90 -2.60% Meistgelesene Nachrichten Fed gibt UBS und Deutscher Bank mehr Zeit für Einhaltung von Regeln SMI am Ende leichter -- DAX schliesst im Plus US-Kanzlei will Sammelklage gegen Roche einreichen HeidelDruck-Aktie legt zu: Heidelberger Druckmaschinen peilt kräftiges Wachstum an MÄRKTE EUROPA/EZB bringt die Börsen nicht aus dem Gleichgewicht Leclanché prüft Optionen zur Finanzierung des Wachstums MÄRKTE USA/"Super-Donnerstag" verpufft weitgehend Nestlé: Ethical Coffee verklagt Nespresso in den USA - Schaden von mehreren hundert Millionen Dollar laut Anwalt CS-Kapitalerhöhung bringt Erlös von rund 4,1 Mrd CHF Teslas nächster Streich: Musk heizt Erwartungen an 'Model Y' an Börse aktuell - Live Ticker Anleger reagieren gelassen auf Briten-Wahl: SMI und DAX vorbörslich kaum bewegt An der heimischen Börse zeichnet sich vorbörslich kaum Bewegung ab. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien SMI  SPI  SLI  SMIM  DAX  EuroStoxx 50  Dow Jones  Nasdaq 100  Nikkei 225  S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung Schweizer Börse: 20 Min., Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH SMI  SMI Realtime  Goldpreis  Aktien  Kursliste SMI  Devisen  Dollarkurs  Eurokurs  Silberpreis  Fonds  Strukturierte Produkte  Warrants  Rohstoffe  Portfolio  Währungsrechner  Aktienkurse  Ölpreis  Leitzins  Börsenkurse Weitere Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG Online-Angebote: Beobachter | Bilanz | Glückspost | Handelszeitung PME Magazine | Schweizer Bank | Schweizer Versicherung | TV Star
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Did J.P. Morgan Just Lose Jamie Dimon’s Successor as CEO? By Jon C. Ogg June 8, 2017 3:59 pm EDT Print Email Tweet Jamie Dimon of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) has been considered over the modern era by many Wall Streeters as the best CEO in all of banking. This view has changed in some years with the London Whale issue, but the most recent account-opening scandal at Wells Fargo shows how favorite CEOs can change. Now it appears as though J.P. Morgan has just lost one of the top candidates who would have succeeded Jamie Dimon after his eventual retirement. An announcement from the bank was made on Thursday confirming that Matthew Zames, Chief Operating Officer, will leave the bank. This followed thirteen years at the firm, and Jamie Dimon note his service as having been “outstanding.” The bank’s announcement signaled that Zames is working closely with the firm to ensure a smooth transition of his responsibilities to other members of the Operating Committee. It showed that Zames will continue to do so over the coming weeks. As a result  of this key departure, certain officers will have expanded roles and responsibilities until they can be filled. These were shown as follows: Marianne Lake, Chief Financial Officer Daniel Pinto, CEO of Corporate & Investment Bank Gordon Smith, CEO of Consumer & Community Banking Mary Erdoes, CEO of Asset Management Doug Petno, CEO of the Commercial Bank. Again, Zames had been considered a potential successor to Jamie Dimon when he eventually retires. CNBC commented on this as well: Zames was considered by many to be a potential successor to Jamie Dimon when the CEO and Chairman eventually decided to step down. The Wall Street Journal in 2014 called him a “potential favorite” for the position because his work in helping Dimon navigate the financial crisis. As far as what the terms and conditions will be and as far as where Zames may go after this, J.P. Morgan’s statement said: The firm has entered into an agreement with Mr. Zames providing for a ninety-day garden leave, non-competition through February 1, 2018, non-solicitation of clients for one year following garden leave and non-solicitation/hire of employees for two years following garden leave. Subject to the terms of the Agreement, Mr. Zames will be deemed to qualify for full career eligibility for outstanding restricted share units and performance share units and entitled to a post-garden leave payment of $900,000, a discretionary payment of $4.625 million on February 1, 2018 and a discretionary payment of $4.5 million on February 1, 2019. The discretionary payments will be subject to the JPMorgan Chase Bonus Recoupment Policy and, to the extent set forth in the Agreement, Protection-Based Vesting, Recapture and Recovery provisions. While this is the loss of a potential CEO replacement, the current belief by many investors is that Jamie Dimon has no intention of leaving the bank. On last look, Jamie Dimon was 61 years old versus just 46 for Zames. J.P. Morgan shares were last seen trading up 1.4% at $85.10 just minutes before Thursday’s closing bell, versus a 52-week range of $57.05 to $93.98. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Strategist Survey for Rest of 2017: Investing in the New Abnormal Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 » Read more: Banking & Finance, Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty States With the Worst Roads 36 Passports with the Best Travel Perks Highest Paying Jobs You Can Get Without a College Degree Powerball Lottery Jackpot Hits $375 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win Recent Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Did J.P. Morgan Just Lose Jamie Dimon’s Successor as CEO? Strategist Survey for Rest of 2017: Investing in the New Abnormal US Household Wealth Hits New All-Time Record in 2017 Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Netgear, Inc. Fell 11% in May Why Deckers Outdoor Corp. Stock Jumped 16.4% in May Why Craft Brew Alliance, Inc. Stock Jumped 22.8% in May U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides Pound drop accelerates, loses grip of $1.27 Option Premiums are Made of Only These Two Things This Week's Hidden Gems: (CAMT)(PATK) Guide to Investing in Robotics Stocks: What's the Future in Automation? Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised US bucks trend amid increases for clean energy research The Latest: Reports: UK Conservatives can't win a majority Uber CEO Travis Kalanick Gave Employees 'Sex Rules' Before 2013 Company Party Experts Don't Recommend Writing Comey-Style Memos About Your Boss While You Were Paying Attention To Comey, House Republicans Voted For Everything Big Banks Want Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds AP JPMorgan Chase COO Zames to leave; seen as Dimon successor 5 hrs ago NEW YORK (AP) — Matt Zames, a top executive at JPMorgan Chase once seen as a potential successor to CEO Jamie Dimon, will be leaving the company in the next few weeks. Dimon made the announcement Thursday in a memo to employees. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Zames, a 13-year veteran at the company, had been JPMorgan's chief operating officer for the last five years. Before he took the COO role in 2012, Zames was in the bank's investing division and was tasked with cleaning up the business after the London Whale trading scandal in which huge losses were booked through the London office of JPMorgan's chief investment office. Dimon did not say why Zames is leaving the company. Zames' responsibilities will be split among other executives on JPMorgan's executive committee, Dimon said. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Executive Changes Corporate Management Personnel Corporate News Latest in section Why Sportsman's Warehouse, Inc. Stock Skyrocketed in May Why Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Stock Jumped 22.7% in May Why Wayfair Inc. Stock Popped 37.7% in May Taylor Swift's music is returning to Spotify, Pandora, more Is NVIDIA Moving Ahead of the Pack in Driverless Cars? More on this topic Why Sportsman's Warehouse, Inc. Stock Skyrocketed in May Why Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. Stock Jumped 22.7% in May Why Wayfair Inc. Stock Popped 37.7% in May Taylor Swift's music is returning to Spotify, Pandora, more Is NVIDIA Moving Ahead of the Pack in Driverless Cars? Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Coroner suspects drug overdose in Chesterton deaths Crown Point High School nixes U.S. Marine in uniform accepting diploma Porter County toddler drowns in neighboring pool Man killed in hit-and-run accident in Cedar Lake UPDATE: Three victims identified in fatal SUV vs. dump truck crash Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents +9 National News Photos: Scenes from James Comey's testimony 219 The 52 trendiest dog breeds +8 Digital Exclusives: Photo Galleries Photos: 15 years of the Toyota Camry Roman Polanski sex victim to appear in court for first time The Latest: Another rough start for Preds' Rinne Iannetta's 7 RBIs leads D-Backs over Padres 15-3 for sweep Cosby's lurid decade-old testimony is read to the jury Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Theos Steak And Seafood 9144 Indianapolis Blvd, Highland, IN 46322 Angel's Cash For Gold 1546 Joliet St, Dyer, IN 46311 Jack & Vernon's Septic Service 3685 E 36th Ave, Lake Station, IN 46405 Ads Trim A Seal 1500 Polk St, Gary, IN 46407 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 9 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Jun 8, 2017 | 8:35pm EDT PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 9 June 8 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. Headlines - Saudi Aramco not to be part of FTSE 100 if listed in London on.ft.com/2rGyL2K - Matt Zames departure shines spotlight on JPMorgan succession on.ft.com/2rGN5rN - Exit poll points to hung parliament in disaster for Theresa May on.ft.com/2rGUFTq - Saks owner Hudson’s Bay to axe 2,000 jobs as losses mount on.ft.com/2rGQwyA Overview - Saudi Aramco IPO-ARMO.SE will not join the FTSE 100 stock index if it lists its shares in the UK. FTSE Russell, the exchange that runs the FTSE 100, says that members of the index must have high-grade “premium” listings and float at least 25 percent of their shares, but Aramco plans to only sell less than 5 percent of its equity. Aramco has not pushed for a change of FTSE Russell's listing rules. - JPMorgan Chase Chief Operating Officer Matt Zames announced his resignation. His COO responsibilities will be spread among four senior colleagues. - UK Prime Minister Theresa May’s gamble on a snap election appeared to have not worked well, after exit polls showed that the Tories would fall 12 short of an overall majority, leaving her future as prime minister in doubt. - Owner of the Saks Fifth Avenue Hudson’s Bay said on Thursday that it planned to cut some 2,000 jobs across its North American operations as part of a major restructuring. (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News BBC political editor says UK PM May has no intention of resigning LONDON, June 9 British Prime Minister Theresa May does not plan to resign after losing her parliamentary majority in a snap election she had called in pursuit of a stronger mandate for Brexit talks, the BBC's political editor said on Friday. Czech PM: Britain should form govt quickly to start Brexit talks PRAGUE, June 9 Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka said on Friday Britain should form a new government quickly, as months have already been lost in its divorce talks with the European Union. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 42-55 We set you thinking Friday 9 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World As Brexit talks loom, shock UK election leaves May hanging by a thread 1496984848 World Aston Martin calls for investment clarity after inconclusive UK election 1496989393 Business Airbus sees 20-year demand for 34,899 jets, trims traffic growth 1496989579 World Election gamble leaves 'strong and stable' British PM anything but 1496988747 World EU fears Brexit delay, uncertainty after shock UK vote 1496988747 World British PM loses majority, faces pressure to resign 1496985960 Voices Important to stay united against those who aim to divide 1496989024 World Somalia's president vows revenge on al Shabaab after deadly attack 1496988216 Business Sterling stunned by UK election shock, fallout limited elsewhere 1496988041 Entertainment Peranakan fashion at your fingertips 1496921820 Entertainment Spotify nemesis Taylor Swift ends streaming boycott 1496987460 Entertainment Road closures for Crazy Rich Asians 1496983860 World Exiled Chinese tycoon fraudulently obtained big loans, employees tell court 1496986152 Business Oil stabilizes after steep falls, but supply glut prevails 1496985146 World Factbox: What happens with Brexit if there's no clear winner of UK election? 1496985572 Business Firms see big bucks in upgrade of U.S. air traffic control system 1496984814 World Qatar rejects as baseless terrorism blacklist by four Arab states 1496984983 World As Brexit talks loom, shock UK election leaves May hanging by a thread 1496985060 Business Mexico sugar deal hard to swallow for last U.S. candy cane maker 1496984537 World Britain may need to ask for delay to Brexit process: JPMorgan 1496982440 Singapore NLB told to review vetting process after removal of controversial Malay books 1496952120 Singapore Removal of controversial Malay books: NLB to learn from incident, but can't vet every book, says Yaacob 1496977800 World North Korea’s anti-ship missile test aims to show it can repel assault 1496981825 World Japan's parliament clears way for emperor's abdication 1496981289 Singapore Maximum S$1,000 fine for man who caused security scare at Hougang MRT Station 1496981220 World Factbox: What results to watch as UK election goes down to the wire? 1496980364 World South Korea's Blue House asks lawmakers to approve of foreign minister nominee 1496979297 World Scottish leader Sturgeon says election 'disastrous' for PM May 1496978213 Business JPMorgan operating chief to go, Dimon successor pool shrinks 1496977980 World UK opposition Labour leader Corbyn calls for PM May to stand down 1496977189 World Northern Ireland's DUP surge, could help Britain's May reach majority 1496977189 World Malaysia wants SOS button in Uber, Grab apps 1496977018 Business SoftBank unit buys robotics businesses from Alphabet Inc 1496975506 World Islamic State says it killed two Chinese teachers kidnapped in Pakistan 1496974140 World Betting markets split over who will be next British PM 1496973556 World Japan clears way for first emperor abdiction in over 200 years 1496973417 World Ivanka Trump’s brand distances itself from China shoemaker 1496972217 World Australian counter-terrorism police conduct raids after fatal siege 1496971043 China&India Backing for Iran is part of China’s delicate Middle East balancing act, say analysts 1496970720 World U.S. wary of French push for U.N. to back Sahel force: diplomats 1496969085 World 14 bodies found in mass grave in Mexican resort of Los Cabos 1496968453 Business Nordstrom family explores taking retailer private, shares surge 1496968043 World Instant View: British PM May seen short of majority in election exit poll 1496967441 World UK's Conservatives hold Nuneaton but Labour poaching UKIP votes 1496966642 World North Korea fires suspected land-to-ship missiles as South Korea delays THAAD 1496965936 Singapore Winning ‘hackers’ might be among first batch of NS cyber defenders 1496952120 World China reiterates opposition to anti-missile system despite delay 1496965293 World North Korea likely tested precision strike capability with Thursday's launch: South Korea 1496965293 World China urges restraint after North Korea missile launch 1496965293 World North Korea missiles flew about 200 kilometres: South Korea 1496965293 Business JPMorgan operating chief to go, Dimon successor pool shrinks JP Morgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:40 AM, June 9, 2017 Updated: 11:20 AM, June 9, 2017 NEW YORK - JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> Chief Operating Officer Matt Zames, once seen as a likely successor to Chief Executive Jamie Dimon, will leave the bank in the coming weeks, and his duties are being split among other senior executives, the bank said on Thursday. In an internal memo announcing Zames' departure, Dimon thanked him for his 13 years of service but did not say why he was going. A person familiar with the matter said Zames, who did not return a call seeking comment, wanted to run a company on his own and saw JPMorgan's upper management ranks as too crowded. The exit stirs up, once again, one of Wall Street's favorite parlor games - trying to work out who will succeed Dimon, 61, at the helm of the largest U.S. bank. At 46, Zames was the youngest of the six contenders and had the advantage of knowing all segments of the bank, after overseeing areas including cyber security, technology and real estate. Zames also played a central role in keeping the bank stable amid financial turmoil. He helped stabilize Bear Stearns, after JPMorgan acquired the investment bank during the 2007-2009 crisis, and transformed JPMorgan's chief investment office and treasury arm after the so-called "London Whale" scandal in 2012. More recently, he was focused on critical technology and cyber functions. "While I am sad to see him leave, I respect his decision and all he has done for JPMorgan Chase," said Dimon. In the memo, Dimon detailed a new organizational structure in which the five other potential successors - Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake, Corporate and Investment Bank CEO Daniel Pinto, Consumer and Community Banking CEO Gordon Smith, Asset Management CEO Mary Erdoes and Commercial Bank CEO Doug Petno - divvy up Zames' responsibilities. With Dimon showing no inclination to relinquish his role, a raft of potential successors has left the bank in recent years. Many have gone on to lead other institutions, including Barclays PLC <BARC.L> CEO Jes Staley, Standard Chartered PLC <STAN.L> CEO Bill Winters and former Visa Inc <V.N> CEO Charles Scharf. Michael Mattioli, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management, which owns about 6 million JPMorgan shares, said the bank still has lots of highly capable leaders. "They've built up such a high quality bench that a lot of these senior executives are going to be attractive to other companies," he said. Zames will receive discretionary payments of $4.625 million on Feb. 1, 2018 and $4.5 million a year later. He has agreed not to compete with JPMorgan until Feb. 1, 2018, not to solicit clients for a year after that date and not to hire employees of the bank before Feb. 1, 2020. "Jamie has been a true mentor to me, and it has been a privilege to be a member of his team. I'm confident I will continue to benefit from his guidance and wisdom in the future," Zames said in the memo. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Yahoo shareholders approve sale of core business to Verizon Wilbur Ross sees 'genuine' national security concern on steel When economic data goes from great to good What's truly Italian? Food fight foils 'Made in Italy' plan What does a CEO look like? New female 'Foundation 500' list challenges stereotypes Wells Fargo's business banking group expands to four regions Waymo working on self-driving trucks Warren Buffett lunch bidding quickly hits $1 million Wall Street slips ahead of UK vote, ECB, Comey testimony Wall Street rises as data points to accelerating economy Inside Today World Aston Martin calls for investment clarity after inconclusive UK election EU fears Brexit delay, uncertainty after shock UK vote Election gamble leaves 'strong and stable' British PM anything but Somalia's president vows revenge on al Shabaab after deadly attack Exiled Chinese tycoon fraudulently obtained big loans, employees tell court Business Airbus sees 20-year demand for 34,899 jets, trims traffic growth Sterling stunned by UK election shock, fallout limited elsewhere Oil stabilizes after steep falls, but supply glut prevails Firms see big bucks in upgrade of U.S. air traffic control system Mexico sugar deal hard to swallow for last U.S. candy cane maker Sports Lions’ win over fast-improving Taiwan not a given Rising S’pore shuttler Yeo Jia Min is new world junior No 1 Conte says I am not in his plans next season: Diego Costa Manchester City sign Brazilian keeper Ederson Family carnival and clinics to kickstart ICC football activities in Singapore Entertainment Spotify nemesis Taylor Swift ends streaming boycott Road closures for Crazy Rich Asians Chuck Berry revisits youth in posthumous album Peranakan fashion at your fingertips Wonder Woman banned in yet another country — Tunisia About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
null
Latest News Dow 21,183 +8.84 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,322 +24.38 +0.39% S&P 500 2,434 +0.65 +0.03% 3:05 A.M. ET FTSE 100 home builders, retailers dropping in early Friday trade 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens flat at 12,713.60 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 250 opens 0.3% lower at 19,686.92 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,275.41 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 387.98 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.8% higher at 7,504.09 3:00 A.M. ET Dollar rises, pound hits 7-week low as U.K. heads for ‘hung parliament’ 2:47 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures swing higher as pound sinks to 7-week low 2:42 A.M. ET U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports 2:37 A.M. ET Updated ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Pressure mounts on U.K. PM May to resign as Conservatives set to lose majority 2:14 A.M. ET I Don't Do Windows—the Robots Do 1:48 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides 1:03 A.M. ET Copycats of Chinese Tech Pop Up in U.S. 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices pinned down by strong dollar, supply worries 6/08 Kakao CEO: Next Messenger Will Be a Virtual Assistant 12:19 A.M. ET Japan passes bill allowing 83-year-old emperor to abdicate 6/08 Moderate uptick in China's May consumer inflation 6/08 Updated U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? 6/08 The Future of Ride-Hailing Apps, as Seen by Grab Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets One of Jamie Dimon's heirs apparent, Matt Zames, is leaving J.P. Morgan By Mark DeCambre Published: June 8, 2017 3:14 p.m. ET Share By MarkDeCambre Matt Zames, chief operating officer at J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +1.24% is stepping down from the giant bank, according to an internal memo obtained by MarketWatch. Zames, often described as an heir apparent to CEO Jamie Dimon, had worked at the bank for some 13 years and had held some of the bank's most important roles, including serving as chief investment officer in the wake of the so-called London Whale scandal, which saddled the bank with an embarrassing loss and dented its risk-management reputation. "Matt has held leadership roles in our investment banking and trading businesses, and he was an integral part of the team that helped manage the firm successfully through the financial crisis," said Dimon in the internal memo on Thursday. The executive is expected to leave in the coming weeks; details about his next move weren't immediately known. The 46-year-old Zames had long been considered among the C-suite executives in position to succeed Dimon should he decide to step down from the helm of J.P. Morgan. Quote References JPM +1.04 +1.24% MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $84.95 +1.04 (+1.24%) Volume 17.5M Open $83.91 High $85.73 Low $83.89 P/E Ratio 13.09 Div Yield 2.35 Market Cap 298.1B
JPMorgan Chase COO Zames to leave; seen as Dimon successor - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Sports Headlines LSU earns 3rd straight WCWS trip SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance The Investigators: Misuse of Position? Mayor accused of escorting people into town hall, helping them vote 9News Investigators: The Matassa Files - exclusive transcripts of bribery probe 9News Investigators: The Matassa Files - exclusive transcripts of bribery probe The Investigators: Horse advocate jailed on felony charges WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Best of the Class: 2017 Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business JPMorgan Chase COO Zames to leave; seen as Dimon successor 2017-06-08T20:21:45Z2017-06-08T20:22:00Z NEW YORK (AP) - Matt Zames, a top executive at JPMorgan Chase once seen as a potential successor to CEO Jamie Dimon, will be leaving the company in the next few weeks. Dimon made the announcement Thursday in a memo to employees. Zames, a 13-year veteran at the company, had been JPMorgan's chief operating officer for the last five years. Before he took the COO role in 2012, Zames was in the bank's investing division and was tasked with cleaning up the business after the London Whale trading scandal in which huge losses were booked through the London office of JPMorgan's chief investment office. Dimon did not say why Zames is leaving the company. Zames' responsibilities will be split among other executives on JPMorgan's executive committee, Dimon said. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Jury to hear Bill Cosby's testimony about quaaludes and sex Jury to hear Bill Cosby's testimony about quaaludes and sex Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:22:11 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-06-09 07:03:35 GMT Jurors at Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial have heard excerpts from the comedian's lurid, decade-old deposition, but explosive sections about him obtaining quaaludes and giving them to women before sex are yet to...More >> Jurors at Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial have heard excerpts from the comedian's lurid, decade-old deposition, but explosive sections about him obtaining quaaludes and giving them to women before sex are yet to come.More >> Texas grand jury indicts deputy, husband in death of man Texas grand jury indicts deputy, husband in death of man Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:01 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:01:39 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-06-09 07:03:07 GMT Texas grand jury indicts sheriff's deputy, her husband on murder charges in death of man during late-night confrontation.More >> Texas grand jury indicts sheriff's deputy, her husband on murder charges in death of man during late-night confrontation.More >> Warren Buffett auctions off lunch to raise money for charity Warren Buffett auctions off lunch to raise money for charity Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 1:21 AM EDT2017-06-09 05:21:58 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 2:42 AM EDT2017-06-09 06:42:54 GMT The price of a private lunch with billionaire Warren Buffett will likely top several million dollars before the online auction to benefit a California homeless charity wraps up Friday night.More >> The price of a private lunch with billionaire Warren Buffett will likely top several million dollars before the online auction to benefit a California homeless charity wraps up Friday night.More >> Conviction overturned for ex-model who tried to hire hit man Conviction overturned for ex-model who tried to hire hit man Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 2:01 AM EDT2017-06-09 06:01:53 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-06-09 06:36:45 GMT A former Ohio fashion model sentenced to prison for trying to hire a hit man to kill her husband's ex-wife has had her conviction overturned.More >> A former Ohio fashion model sentenced to prison for trying to hire a hit man to kill her husband's ex-wife has had her conviction overturned.More >> Supermarket massacre shooter left chilling online trail Supermarket massacre shooter left chilling online trail Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 3:23 PM EDT2017-06-08 19:23:14 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-06-09 06:36:40 GMT Authorities: 4 people dead in a murder-suicide in a northeast Pennsylvania supermarket.More >> Authorities: 4 people dead in a murder-suicide in a northeast Pennsylvania supermarket.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> The Latest: Senate committee says more work ahead in probe The Latest: Senate committee says more work ahead in probe The chairman of the Senate Intelligence committee says there's more work ahead in the committee's investigation after hearing testimony from former FBI Director James ComeyMore >> The chairman of the Senate Intelligence committee says there's more work ahead in the committee's investigation after hearing testimony from former FBI Director James ComeyMore >> Comey speaks before Congress Comey speaks before Congress Former FBI Director James Comey tells Congress he believes he was fired "because of the Russia investigation ... That is a very big deal."More >> Former FBI Director James Comey tells Congress he believes he was fired "because of the Russia investigation ... That is a very big deal."More >> Comey says he was fired because of Russia investigation Comey says he was fired because of Russia investigation Former FBI Director James Comey tells Congress he believes he was fired "because of the Russia investigation ... That is a very big deal."More >> Former FBI Director James Comey tells Congress he believes he was fired "because of the Russia investigation ... That is a very big deal."More >> Backhoe used in attempted ATM theft outside Washington Backhoe used in attempted ATM theft outside Washington Authorities are seeking a man who has used a backhoe in an attempt to steal money from an ATM at a bank outside WashingtonMore >> Authorities are seeking a man who has used a backhoe in an attempt to steal money from an ATM at a bank outside WashingtonMore >> Remains of former slave eyed for sainthood moved to church Remains of former slave eyed for sainthood moved to church In a step toward possible sainthood, the remains of a former slave have been moved to a Catholic cathedral in Denver so people can more easily honor her and pray for her helpMore >> In a step toward possible sainthood, the remains of a former slave have been moved to a Catholic cathedral in Denver so people can more easily honor her and pray for her helpMore >> Kevin Spacey tight-lipped about his plans as host of Tonys Kevin Spacey tight-lipped about his plans as host of Tonys Kevin Spacey is being very tight-lipped about his plans as host of Sunday night's Tony Awards, saying 'Everything's on the table.'More >> Kevin Spacey is being very tight-lipped about his plans as host of Sunday night's Tony Awards, saying 'Everything's on the table.'More >> Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand A jury that heard seven hours of testimony from a woman who says Bill Cosby drugged and assaulted her may soon hear statements he made in an earlier depositionMore >> A jury that heard seven hours of testimony from a woman who says Bill Cosby drugged and assaulted her may soon hear statements he made in an earlier depositionMore >> Climate decision could accelerate damage to Trump properties Climate decision could accelerate damage to Trump properties President Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement could accelerate damage to his family's real estate empire in the coming decades, especially his properties that lie just feet from the encroaching sea in low-lying South FloridaMore >> President Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement could accelerate damage to his family's real estate empire in the coming decades, especially his properties that lie just feet from the encroaching sea in low-lying South FloridaMore >> NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants NASA has chosen 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants everMore >> NASA has chosen 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants everMore >> Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Muslim student athletes at one U.S. high school no longer have to be slowed down by worries that their headscarves might fall offMore >> Muslim student athletes at one U.S. high school no longer have to be slowed down by worries that their headscarves might fall offMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan Loses Another Potential Dimon Heir as Zames Walks by Hugh Son @Hugh_Son More stories by Hugh Son and Dakin Campbell @dakincampbell More stories by Dakin Campbell June 8, 2017, 1:46 PM EDT June 8, 2017, 6:47 PM EDT Analyst sees Dimon as ‘well ensconced’ in chief executive role Zames’s responsibilities being split among other managers JPMorgan COO Matt Zames Is Leaving After 13 Years JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Operating Officer Matt Zames, the intense ex-hedge fund trader who helped clean up the bank’s London Whale debacle and was seen as a possible successor to Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon, is leaving with the aim of running another company. “I’ve been in this business for almost a quarter century, and I’ve spent the vast majority of my career building businesses front to back,” Zames, 46, said in a telephone interview. “I want to get back to that, I want to face off with clients again. I love big and complicated things.” Both Zames and Dimon portrayed the separation as amicable. While Zames said he doesn’t have a specific position secured, he’s interested in roles at technology and finance firms. Dimon, who’s been CEO since late 2005, has watched several of his most likely successors move on in recent years, taking top posts at other firms. Frank Bisignano stepped down as co-COO in 2013 to run First Data Corp., and Mike Cavanagh left in 2014 to take senior roles at Carlyle Group LP and later Comcast Corp. Jes Staley, who climbed JPMorgan’s ranks over more than three decades to run its investment bank, departed in 2013 and is now CEO of Barclays Plc. “My first reaction is that Jamie is well ensconced and no one sees any upward mobility,” Charles Peabody, an analyst at Compass Point Research & Trading, said in a phone interview. “Most of these guys who leave are looking to run something and they must be concluding on their own that Jamie is not going anywhere. ” Dimon Sad Responsibility for the operations that Zames oversaw -- a sprawling list that includes technology, real estate, the chief investment office and military affairs -- is being split among other top executives. He will remain at the New York-based bank in the coming weeks to help with the transition. There are no immediate plans to name another COO, Zames said. “Matt has worked tirelessly across many disciplines to help make us a better company,” Dimon, 61, said Thursday in a memo to staff. “While I am sad to see him leave, I respect his decision and all he has done.” Zames, who wears his hair in a military-style buzz cut, can recite figures from financial supplements and historical dates, especially tied to wars, with equal ease. He’s known internally as a zealot for efficiency, slashing what he called “business as usual” expenses to help fund technological investments. While that could make him unpopular to some, a recent visit to JPMorgan’s fixed-income trading floor to show a reporter new cloud-based turrets resulted in impromptu applause from the firm’s traders. He could take over just about any type of business after such a prominent post at the nation’s biggest bank, said Jeanne Branthover, a managing partner at New York-based executive-search firm DHR International. “Companies want superstars, and they’re willing to take them from different industries,” she said. “He’s got so many talents and is so highly regarded that I would think there are lots of companies, not just in financial services, looking for him to be a leader.” Uber’s Opening He could, for example, join the tide of top Wall Street executives heading to Silicon Valley. Morgan Stanley’s finance chief, Ruth Porat, jumped to Google two years ago. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. bankers Anthony Noto and Adrian Perica found seniors posts at Twitter Inc. and Apple Inc. And AirBnB’s finance chief, Laurence Tosi, came from Blackstone Group LP. There already are a variety of potential openings. Uber Technologies Inc. CEO Travis Kalanick has hired a search firm to find a COO. Aluminum parts maker Arconic Inc. needs a CEO after Klaus Kleinfeld left over a battle with hedge fund manager Paul Singer. And closer to Wall Street, Zames has long known Vincent Viola, the billionaire founder of Virtu Financial Inc., who has considered leaving the algorithmic market-making firm. JPMorgan and Virtu strengthened ties during Zames’ tenure. The bank served as joint-lead manager on Virtu’s initial public offering in 2015. Virtu soon won a mandate to oversee trading of the lender’s shares on the New York Stock Exchange. And Virtu won business routing orders from JPMorgan in the $14 trillion U.S. Treasury market. Exit Package Zames will receive three cash payments over the next two years totaling about $10 million, the bank said in a regulatory filing. He’ll also continue to vest in equity awards worth more than $38 million as of Thursday’s close, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. As part of the agreement, he won’t work for a competitor through through Feb. 1, and can’t solicit former clients for one year or employees for two years after completing a 90-day garden leave. Zames was named co-COO in July 2012 in the wake of JPMorgan’s London Whale trading loss after starting the year as co-head of the fixed-income business. It was a rapid rise for the executive, who went from running a trading business to overseeing senior managers, including the chief financial officer and head of regulatory affairs. Read more: A 2012 profile of Matt Zames The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up “He was the fairly clear No. 2,” said Brian Kleinhanzl, an analyst at Keefe, Bruyette and Woods. Now, he’s adding to a pattern at JPMorgan, following previous operating chiefs who moved on rather than waiting for the CEO’s office to open. And in a perverse way, that’s good news for shareholders who like Dimon’s stewardship, the analyst said, because “it gives you some level of confidence that Jamie’s not leaving.” The stock rose 1.2 percent on Thursday. Dimon has said he would like to stay for another five years or so. Even with the departures, the bank’s bench of top executives isn’t depleted. In recent years, analysts and people close to the firm have mentioned consumer bank CEO Gordon Smith, Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake, asset-management head Mary Callahan Erdoes, investment bank chief Daniel Pinto and Doug Petno, who runs the commercial bank, as potential successors. After Dimon was diagnosed with throat cancer in 2014, the bank’s board emphasized that it works hard to ensure leadership talent is on hand in case of an emergency. Dimon later said tests showed no evidence of the disease in his body. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Snap Is Year's Most-Shorted Tech IPO Before Lockup Ends Alibaba's Jack Ma Gets $2.8 Billion Richer in One Day Pound Drops as U.K. Exit Poll Unnerves Investors: Markets Wrap Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Morgan Stanley Warns There's a ‘Buyer's Strike’ Coming for Cars Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Resources Events Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest JPMorgan COO’s departure narrows field of likely Dimon successors Playing corporate matchmaker at HSBC Democrats wary of GOP flood insurance proposals Ex-HSBC banker arrested in U.K. in American foreign-exchange case So you want to bank a rock’n’roll star ... search goes here JPMorgan COO’s departure narrows field of likely Dimon successors By Kristin Broughton Published June 08 2017, 2:58pm EDT More in Commercial banking Consumer banking Succession planning Print Email Reprints Share Share on JPMorgan Chase said Thursday that Matt Zames is stepping down as chief operating officer, a move that narrows the list of potential successors for CEO Jamie Dimon. Dimon announced the move in a company memo. No replacement was named; instead, the business units that reported to Zames — JPMorgan’s chief investment office, as well as global technology, operations and strategy — have been reassigned to other executives. Subscribe Now Access to authoritative analysis and perspective and our data-driven report series. Learn More 14-Day Free Trial No credit card required. Complete access to articles, breaking news and industry data. Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JPMorgan operating chief to go, Dimon successor pool shrinks -Reuters By Reuters Published: 14:24 EDT, 8 June 2017 | Updated: 17:14 EDT, 8 June 2017 e-mail By Dan Freed NEW YORK, June 8 (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co Chief Operating Officer Matt Zames, once seen as a likely successor to Chief Executive Jamie Dimon, will leave the bank in the coming weeks, and his duties are being split among other senior executives, the bank said on Thursday. In an internal memo announcing Zames' departure, Dimon thanked him for his 13 years of service but did not say why he was going. A person familiar with the matter said Zames, who did not return a call seeking comment, wanted to run a company on his own and saw JPMorgan's upper management ranks as too crowded. The exit stirs up, once again, one of Wall Street's favorite parlor games - trying to work out who will succeed Dimon, 61, at the helm of the largest U.S. bank. At 46, Zames was the youngest of the six contenders and had the advantage of knowing all segments of the bank, after overseeing areas including cyber security, technology and real estate. Zames also played a central role in keeping the bank stable amid financial turmoil. He helped stabilize Bear Stearns, after JPMorgan acquired the investment bank during the 2007-2009 crisis, and transformed JPMorgan's chief investment office and treasury arm after the so-called "London Whale" scandal in 2012. More recently, he was focused on critical technology and cyber functions. "While I am sad to see him leave, I respect his decision and all he has done for JPMorgan Chase," said Dimon. In the memo, Dimon detailed a new organizational structure in which the five other potential successors - Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake, Corporate and Investment Bank CEO Daniel Pinto, Consumer and Community Banking CEO Gordon Smith, Asset Management CEO Mary Erdoes and Commercial Bank CEO Doug Petno - divvy up Zames' responsibilities. With Dimon showing no inclination to relinquish his role, a raft of potential successors has left the bank in recent years. Many have gone on to lead other institutions, including Barclays PLC CEO Jes Staley, Standard Chartered PLC CEO Bill Winters and former Visa Inc CEO Charles Scharf. Michael Mattioli, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management, which owns about 6 million JPMorgan shares, said the bank still has lots of highly capable leaders. "They've built up such a high quality bench that a lot of these senior executives are going to be attractive to other companies," he said. Zames will receive discretionary payments of $4.625 million on Feb. 1, 2018 and $4.5 million a year later. He has agreed not to compete with JPMorgan until Feb. 1, 2018, not to solicit clients for a year after that date and not to hire employees of the bank before Feb. 1, 2020. "Jamie has been a true mentor to me, and it has been a privilege to be a member of his team. I'm confident I will continue to benefit from his guidance and wisdom in the future," Zames said in the memo. (Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Tom Brown) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Buoy, does she look good! Emily Blunt dons a skimpy hot pink bikini as she leans in for a kiss with husband John Krasinski on a boat in Italy Wild side! Selena Gomez suffers wardrobe malfunction in edgy flank-baring white top while promoting her new song Put her bust on display Jamie Laing can't keep his hands off bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff as they soak up the sun with Made In Chelsea co-stars at boozy pool party in Ibiza Happily married! Miranda Kerr shows off her stunning wedding ring for the first time as she returns to the runway after marriage to Evan Spiegel Eagle-eyed viewers point out critical flaw in 'awkward' election day scene as Kathy and Jane discuss their election votes on EastEnders Taylor Swift releases entire back catalog of music on multiple streaming services... the same night rival Katy Perry's new album drops She's on fire! Hailey Baldwin flashes major cleavage in flame design bodysuit as she and Jasmine Tookes sizzle while walking the Moschino runway show Front-and-center fashionista! Kate Beckinsale beams at Moschino runway show as she sits alongside Sarah Hyland, Vanessa Hudgens, and Fergie Chip off the old block! Cindy Crawford's model children Kaia and Presley Gerber join fashion's elite at Moschino runway show in Los Angeles Love Island's Jessica Shears caught up in a shocking SEX TAPE scandal... just a week after naked photos of the glamour model emerged online So in love! Ariel Winter dons shimmery thigh-skimming dress as she kisses beau Levi Meaden at LA Dodgers gala Leggy lady  Braless Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples AGAIN in a semi-sheer top and skirt as she arrives in Los Angeles Bold display  Kovered up! Make-up free Kylie Jenner takes a break from her racy costumes as she wears baggy sweats for a smoothie run in LA Au natural  Hard to stomach! Bella Thorne takes shot at making Scott Disick jealous by flaunting her taut tummy in Hollywood Holly Willoughby's weight loss regime revealed... after This Morning star showcased her slimline figure at Glamour Awards The secret's out He's getting big! Heidi Montag shares 3D sonogram of her 'angel' son as she gets closer to her due date Baby love   'I fake-tried to get pregnant': Khloe Kardashian reveals she pretended to do fertility treatments during troubled marriage with Lamar Odom  Hats off to her! Bella Hadid steps out in edgy all-white outfit while rocking personalized red beanie Cream of the crop  I think aisle wear it again! Katie Piper makes an arrival to remember as she takes to the stage at the Ideal Home Show in wedding dress In bed with Sahara! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Ray poses TOPLESS as she reveals her G-string clad posterior in raunchy Instagram snap   'I've got no doubt it will happen': Olly Murs says he's STILL desperate to mend eight-year family rift... after his estranged brother said he'd 'moved on' 'It's not that bad': Amy Schumer dons denim mini-skirt and discusses split with Ben Hanisch at Hilarity for Charity Amicable exes  That's a Lottie drink! Bikini-clad mini-Moss sips from a HUGE pitcher of drink and smokes by the pool as she spends a very boozy day with MIC cast Devoted! Kristen Stewart supports Stella Maxwell backstage as she struts her stuff at Moschino Resort Collection show in LA Perfect pair  Who's bovvered? Ashley Graham pours curves into wet-look black pants and patterned jacket with platform boots at Moschino show in LA Playing with fire! Lily Collins dazzles in elegant red gown as she attends star-studded Okja premiere Red-dy for her close up! Awkward! Nicola Peltz keeps her eyes wide open as boyfriend Anwar Hadid passionately kisses her during shopping trip Golden girl! Mandy Moore sparkles in glittering embroidered frock as she attends Television Academy Honors alongside This Is Us co-stars Queen of the crop! Hailey Baldwin flashes steely abs and incredibly trim waist in cropped Supreme hoodie Ab-fab Soccer mom! Charlize Theron carries a checkered ball while arriving to Jimmy Kimmel EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa displays her toned arms on a food run... after showing off her fab abs ahead of Dan Osborne wedding International love! Britney Spears matches hunky beau Sam Asghari in pink as they enjoy break from world tour in Japan Pink to make him wink  Sam Thompson is joined by bikini-clad Emily Blackwell as they party in Ibiza... after announcing plans to split with Tiffany Watson for the summer Just the girls! Demi Moore stands out in bright red frock as she spends quality time with daughter Tallulah Willis at book launch Hollywood: The Next Generation! Emma Stone channels Star Trek android Data in black and gold gown at Diane Keaton gala Mamma mia! Jason Biggs' pregnant wife Jenny Mollen shares revealing nude selfie at 22 weeks along Thanks Annie Hall! Woody Allen pays homage to muse Diane Keaton as he presents actress with AFI's Lifetime Achievement Award in Hollywood Showing Carmelo what he's missing! La La Anthony vamps it up in fishnet frock at Power premiere in DC Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner put on united front for 8-year-old Seraphina's school graduation Friendly exes  EXCLUSIVE: Emma Willis 'had no idea' the new Big Brother line up included Ex On The Beach stars... as she addresses THAT awkward launch night chat with Lotan Carter Suits you! Brad Pitt cuts a dapper figure in gray blazer and trousers for NYC premiere of Netflix film Okja Suited and booted  New mom Irina Shayk shows off her flawless complexion as she goes make-up free for a day out in NYC Model moment  Reese Witherspoon dazzles in LBD as she honors Diane Keaton at lifetime achievement ceremony Chic and cheerful  Youthful Meg Ryan, 55, stuns in flirty pastel dress and metallic heels at AFI tribute to Diane Keaton Ageless beauty Rachel Weisz looks effortlessly stylish in a plunging ivory gown as she makes glamorous appearance on the Graham Norton Show Graced the red couch Name that tomb! The Mummy co-stars Tom Cruise and Annabelle Wallis dance up a storm on Spanish TV show... after critics PAN their film Elsa Pataky gives fans a sneak peek into the home she shares with Chris Hemsworth as she shows how she packs a suitcase... and it's not as organised as you would think! Isla Fisher pampers herself at LA hair salon... ahead of her appearance on ABC's The Gong Show Radiant redhead 'I do deserve it': Bethenny Frankel mulls $16.5 million townhouse on Million Dollar Listing New York Big Brother's Hannah almost comes to blows with Chanelle when the bubbly brunette throws a SLIPPER at her... as half the house is put up for eviction 'That's put me off my sausage sandwich!': Big Brother's Arthur Fullford shocks his fellow housemates by going full-frontal NAKED in the shower Zahida Allen and beau Sean Pratt have a blazing row on hotel balcony in Ibiza... as he admits he finds it hard to 'cut her off' despite cheating with Scotty T Luisa Zissman delightedly announces she is expecting her third child in sweet Instagram post... just 10 MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Indigo   Cheesy comedy! Anna Faris delivers pizzas on set of Overboard as her glamorous costar Eva Longoria shields herself from the rain in Vancouver 'He's a stuntman in training': Owen Wilson shares video of Jackie Chan fan son Ford leaping head first into pool   Chip off the old block. All grown up! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber graduates high school and celebrates with a big hug from sister Kaia Beauty and brains  Coy Nicole Kidman giggles like a schoolgirl when asked what husband Keith Urban whispered in her ear in THAT Cannes red carpet moment No need for Privacy? Chris Brown covers huge wall on LA house with colorful graffiti artwork Artistic  Take That the musical takes £10m! Show breaks record three months before nationwide tour starts  Rule The World. EXCLUSIVE: Love Island's Caroline Flack looks sensational as she poses in an array of form-fitting ensembles for new fashion magazine shoot Love Island's Chloe shares a steamy late-night kiss with womaniser Chris... after the newcomer tries it on with TWO other girls in one day Ibiza Weekender star Hayley Fanshaw sizzles in TINY scarlet swimsuit in Magaluf... after she was 'left raging when BFF Ellie Young ditched her for Big Brother Vicky Pattison puts on an eye-popping as she slips into tiny coral bikini while holding hands with shirtless beau John Noble on Magaluf beach Pretty in pink  Tom Hughes as Ireland's most gorgeous rat-catcher? The award for 2017's Most Ridiculous Thriller should go to Paula, by JIM SHELLEY Love-all! Lindsey Vonn and her beau Kenan Smith cuddle up at the French Tennis Open in Paris  Cute couple  Rebel Wilson defamation case twist: Hollywood actress now being SUED by a journalist she 'blasted on Twitter as total scum and a disgrace' A VERY special guest! Steve Irwin's son Robert, 13, helps Jimmy Fallon bottle-feed cute kangaroo joey on The Tonight Show Adorable  'We wish her a speedy recovery': Sheridan Smith withdraws from Bradford leg of touring musical Funny Girl after being struck down with mumps  Amanda Holden confirms teen who appeared in BGT's Missing People Choir appeal has been found... and admits to 'crying' upon learning the news No one is looking at the jewelry! Topless Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her chest while modeling new bling from Jacquie Aiche Brazilian bombshell Liam Payne puts on an animated display as he meets fans... after confessing he gets a full seven hours of sleep a night since welcoming baby Bear with Cheryl The girl who stole Captain America's heart: Actor Chris Evans on the bond with ten-year-old actress who plays his niece in new movie Gifted Leslie Ash cuts a low-key figure in rock chic ensemble as she makes rare public appearance with husband Lee Chapman at Ibiza Rocks bash Are The Killers set to play at the AFL Grand Final this year? Rock band rumoured to be returning to Australia after four-year hiatus for footy extravaganza SPOILER ALERT! 'It's an open game': Love Island's Amber moves onto man number THREE as suitors Kem and newbie Jonny vy for her affection Caroline Flack whips off her bikini top for a topless sunbathing session as she enjoys break from filming new series of Love Island in Mallorca 'She was chucking his clothes out': Jeremy McConnell escapes to Ireland after BLAZING row with on-off love Stephanie Davis Off again Hand in hand! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell put on loving display as they take a casual stroll in LA Reportedly dating for five months Kady McDermott shows off her physique on Ibiza hen do... after BLASTING claims Love Island newbie is nabbing her 'pocket rocket' status Braless Ellie Goulding's fans label her 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade them to be politically engaged Controversial image  Diamonds are forever! Lily James exudes Old Hollywood glamour in a figure-hugging Bardot gown as she poses elegantly at jewellery opening Vogue Williams shows off her tanned legs in a flirty floral dress as she attends jewellery launch in London The Irish model plumped for a flirty frock It's Shoe Grant! British actor Hugh participates in an Australian drinking tradition as he downs alcohol from his footwear during a wild night out What a trailblazer! David Beckham looks incredibly dapper in a pinstripe navy suit as he makes a slick exit from The Late Late Show with James Corden Dynasty living! Joan Collins lists 'Hollywood glamour' condo for a cool $4.5million Isn't messing around with the price of her lavish home TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off every inch of her stunning frame in pink bikini as she joins buff beau James Lock on Marbella trip   'He's sweet talking her': Gaz Beadle is 'fighting to win back ex girlfriend Emma McVey as he gets bored of single life'... after she blasted him for cheating Bikini-clad Billie Faiers flaunts her taut post-baby frame as she snuggles with son Arthur in adorable selfie... three months after welcoming his birth SPOILER ALERT: Big Brother's Rebecca and Sukhvinder come to blows in a heated race row... as Kayleigh and Tom enjoy a VERY steamy shower WAG Toni Terry shows off her toned bikini body as she enjoys a spot of beach volleyball in Portugal with shirtless husband John  Fun in the sun Revealed: Taylor Swift and Beyonce BOTH  burst into tears backstage after Kanye West's infamous MTV VMA stage invasion Upsetting times  Leo, look at what you're missing! Nina Agdal looks stunning as she poses in a wedding dress for bridal ad campaign, weeks after splitting from DiCaprio The name's balls... Goldenballs! David Beckham emulates James Bond in forthcoming appearance on The Late Late Show with James Corden What a match! Christine Lampard and husband Frank sport complementing laidback looks as they enjoy a dog walk in London   Perfect pair  Boho babe Nikki Reed shows off growing baby bump in style while enjoying lunch with husband Ian Somerhalder Maternity style What a drag! Sofia Richie, 18, keeps it casual cool in pink checked coat while puffing cigarette on New York stroll Stepping out 'I thought you were blacking up to make me feel welcome!' Actor Don Gilet stuns Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby with controversial remark  Emily MacDonagh scolds Peter Andre in an innuendo-filled chat about vegetables... as couple present romantic sun-soaked segment from Santorini 'She is literally a Barbie!' Lucy Mecklenburgh's fans go wild as star shares sizzling photo of her little sister in a skimpy pink bikini Avert your eyes! Lizzie Cundy flashes her white lingerie in VERY revealing sheer gold dress as she attends charity bash in London Up to her old tricks again Smiling Louise Redknapp steps out in an all-black ensemble as she continues to insist her marriage with Jamie is 'great' following false claims of a rift 'He couldn't understand I didn't want to have sex with him': Janet Street-Porter, 70, was assaulted by a friend when she was in her twenties 'I love you so much': Kim Kardashian wishes husband Kanye West a happy 40th birthday as mother-in-law Kris Jenner calls him a 'beautiful soul' Family first Pretty in pink! Camila Cabello shows off flirty side in bright fuchsia crop top while promoting new single in NYC Looked gorgeous on Thursday morning  High five! Jennifer Lopez cheers on beau A-Rod's daughter Tashi, 12, as she sings for the pop star in sweet Instagram video Hit a high five Hot heiress! Paris Hilton dons leather pants and matching choker as she jets from LAX with beau Chris Zylka Smitten Michael Caine's $8.7million luxury apartment in Miami goes up for sale equipped with four bedrooms, media room and stunning beach views  EXCLUSIVE: Jessica Alba's Honest Company agrees to pay $1.55 million class action settlement after claims of 'dishonest' advertising Mary J Blige ordered to pay ex Martin Isaacs $30k per month in spousal support... $100k less than he wanted Will also have to pay retroactive support  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her baby bump in a teal two-piece as she posts throwback snap from her Thailand baby-moon  Yummy mummy-to-be Vanessa White shows off her curves in skimpy yellow snakeskin bikini as she frolics in the water in Ibiza... just two months after split from Gary Salter Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson shows off her cleavage in a white bikini top and a bohemian maxiskirt as she steps out in Mykonos 'You consistently lie... toxic!': Ariel Winter slams estranged mother Chrystal Workman who told her to 'grow up, dress properly' Took to Twitter 'I don't have a boyfriend... or any kids yet': Katy Perry says her puppy has become her closest 'companion' as she is interviewed by a seven-year-old Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Needed stitches for a severe gash on his head 'You're a vile disgrace to women and all mankind': Courtney Love attacks Palestinian women's rights activist in Twitter tirade calling her 'anti-American'  'We laughed about it!' Jerry Seinfeld says Kesha was nice after THAT awkward interaction... but he still didn't hug her Awkward  'Thinking of our angels': Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack 'I'm no pushover!' Katy Perry accuses Taylor Swift of 'character assassination' after writing hit single Bad Blood about their bitter feud Blondes unite! Kristen Stewart, Chelsea Handler and January Jones make a glamorous stand against gun violence at gala 'It's the greatest challenge of her life': Kris Jenner asks followers to pray for cancer-stricken cousin Cici Bussey ahead of stem cell transplant 'It's hard being over 25': Reese Witherspoon feels 'liberated' in her forties as she continues to fight for female importance and diversity in Hollywood  She's irresistible! Joanna Krupa dazzles in tiny low-cut LBD at dinner in LA... and beau Nico Santucci can't keep his lips off her Beautiful in black 'They're going to be doctors and lawyers': Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi won't rule out Jersey Shore reboot... but says her kids won't be on TV Up for a return Making a splash! Pascal Craymer shows off her toned bikini body in a white fringed two-piece as she frolics on the beach in Marbella From Brentwood to Hollywood! Jessica Wright teases a glimpse of her flat stomach in a crop top and pineapple print skirt as she continues LA getaway Is that you A$AP? Bikini clad Kendall Jenner soaks up the sunshine poolside as she beams at her camera-shy mystery man  'The moment you realise you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as her hairdresser pal Ken Paves shows his moves The baby is here! Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte says he 'can't stop crying' after fiancée Kayla Rae Reid welcomes son Caiden Zane 'They are tramps': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson is slammed for shattering glass door in rage... before licking her COUSIN Sophie's bare chest in shock scenes Eleanor Tomlinson looks sensational as she steps out in a frilly Victorian-style top with skinny jeans... after teasing new season of Poldark at event Eleanor Tomlinson is chic in peplum-detail white shirt and smart trousers as she teases new series of Poldark at Build LDN event Magical in monochrome Michelle Williams is '70s chic in a sleeveless two-piece and brunette locks as she continues to shoot kidnap drama with Mark Wahlberg in Rome The look that says she's single! Olivia Munn wears leather mini-skirt with sexy split... two months after Aaron Rodgers breakup Looking good 'Never trust a big butt': Blac Chyna leaves curious message along with sultry snaps after Mehgan James is linked to Rob Kardashian Something to say?  Easy does it! Salma Hayek has help from a gentleman as she tries to navigate a NYC sidewalk in her $1,690 Gucci platform heels Steady on 'I just spat out my coffee!' Viewers' shock as Trinny Woodall blurts out that she 'wants to be black' while admiring a model's 'marble skin' on This Morning (before stroking her BREAST) Romee Strijd channels Britney Spears as she rocks crop top and messenger hat during cosy outing with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen 'A messy and muddled product': The Mummy panned in early reviews... with one critic calling it 'the worst movie Tom Cruise has ever made' Nicole Kidman and Russell Crowe are being courted for Joel Edgerton's new gay conversion therapy drama Boy Erased Possible roles Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows off her baby bump in Spain with her husband and their child Alaia... after F1 ace announced retirement to enjoy more family time Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her sensational bronzed physique in a thigh-skimming blue floral playsuit in Ibiza Looking good Cheeky Lottie Moss flashes her peachy posterior in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a wild night out in Ibiza with the Made in Chelsea cast Celebrity fit club! Make-up free Nicola Roberts and famous pal Lisa Snowdon showcase their lithe physiques in gym gear as they hike at Ibiza bootcamp 'Brains, beauty, booty!' Love Island star Katie Salmon shows off blonde braids and peachy posterior in slogan thong swimsuit in Ibiza 'I got used to nos and knockbacks': Pixie Lott says she'll bring her experience of finding fame to The Voice Kids as she wows in tiny crop top on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: Larsa Pippen is being bankrolled by Kourtney Kardashian after her NBA star husband Scottie cut her off amid $120 million divorce Vanessa Hudgens flashes Britney Spears-style diamond belly piercing with help of Adidas crop top as she carries two coffee drinks Slam dunk! Kris Humphries sells Beverly Hills bachelor pad for $8.25M The 32-year-old NBA center has unloaded his California property 'It was daunting': Cindy Crawford says turning 50 'was really hard' as she shows off model physique in white swimsuit for DuJour Bit of all white 'Wearing the same Gucci suit I wore to his christening': Elle Macpherson looks proud at her 14-year-old son Aurelius Cy Busson's middle school graduation Hugh Jackman braves sub-zero temperatures for cryotherapy treatment after a host of stars promote the health trend Alex Rodriguez 'never cheated on J. Lo and former mistress's claims of her wild sex romps with the slugger in hopes of getting money' Coming out swinging! Jay Z's streaming service Tidal to offer boxing movie starring TWO Oscar winners Offering an original movie Camera ready! Kate Upton is fresh-faced as she heads to photo shoot in striped pants and tank top Looked flawless on Wednesday Mamma mia! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen keep casual in jeans and sneakers on the set of Little Italy Katy Perry to co-host Sunrise but will NOT appear on its rival show... despite being scheduled to perform on Channel Nine's The Voice Australia Stunning in scarlet! Princess Mary goes VERY glam in bright red stilettos and a Dolce & Gabbana dress after a whirlwind week of conference talks Late night? Hugh Grant, 56, stifles a yawn as he joins his girlfriend Anna Eberstein, 35, to watch the tennis at Roland Garros in Paris It's a hard life... One direction and it's down under! Harry Styles announces new dates for an intimate Australian arena tour ...but tickets are likely to sell out in minutes Stopping to smell the roses! Alec and Hilaria Baldwin enjoy morning stroll together The couple stepped out to smell the flowers and pick up their coffee On the town! Sober Brad Pitt is seen leaving LA concert with energy drink in hand after admitting he 'was boozing too much' Total abstinence  RHONY star Jules Wainstein's estranged husband facing jail time after failing to pay child support and expenses Ordered to appear in court Red hot! Minka Kelly looks ready for summer in bright patterned sundress while out for coffee in LA without rumored beau Jesse Williams 'Taking rest in the jungle': Kate Hudson shares a selfie from Cambodia as she explores country with boyfriend Danny Fujikawa PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Rhian Sugden slips her sizzling curves into a black bikini as she enjoys a smooch with fiance Oliver Mellor in sunny Turkey Cat Deeley looks effortlessly chic in a silk polka dot blouse and skinny jeans as she steps out in style in New York City Simple yet sophisticated The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison shows off her taut abs as she gets VERY hands-on with beau John Noble while hosting raucous Magaluf pool party 'Fat feminist lesbian' Beth Ditto slams critics who say models like Ashley Graham aren't 'fat enough', insisting people need to 'quit being mean' Pop Idol star Darius and the Funny Girl cast enjoy boozy night in Glasgow... but co-star party girl Sheridan Smith is nowhere to be seen 'I don't know who's in control': Naomi Watts shares girl-on-girl kiss as she lives double life in steamy trailer for new series Gypsy She plays a therapist  'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals the rage she felt after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes Naked shoulders! Lea Michele flashes one of her 14 tattoos as she displays cleavage in clever black top at TV event in Canada Fetching black outfit Jessica Alba and husband Cash Warren celebrate daughter Honor's birthday...as Honest Company agrees to pay $1.5M in lawsuit Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung trousers as she arrives in style at LAX airport Looking good  Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class Ab-fab 'Cute little Kady has WAY more class!' Love Island's McDermott lashes out at claims 'lookalike' newbie Amber has stolen her 'pocket rocket' crown Irish plus-size model shares the VERY revealing outtakes from her stunning shoot featured in Vogue Italia as she calls on women to 'love their cellulite' Make-up free Chloe Khan flashes her ample assets in a barely-there bikini as she whizzes through the waves on a jet ski in Barbados Beach babe  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins 'She is a delusional individual': Marnie Simpson hits back at Stephanie Davis as she's accused of faking her Celebrity Big Brother romance with Lewis Bloor Wine-ding down! Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas flaunts her enviable curves in skimpy two-piece while sipping on rosé during relaxing break in Mallorca Worse-for-wear Holly Hagan flashes her lingerie under sheer gown as she puffs on cigarette... before intentionally MISSING flight home for partying Kristina Rihanoff stuns in a royal-blue gown as she cosies up to boyfriend Ben Cohen at charity ball... after revealing her dream wedding plans Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty 'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Arise Sir Veg-alot! Camilla knights a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins acting great in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit 'Sex is one of the most wonderful things in life!' Lorraine Kelly and Niall Horan flirt up a storm as One Direction singer admits his solo material is 'very sexual' 'Many more dates to be added': Lorde announces Melodrama world tour shows in Australia and New Zealand ahead of album release 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary Poignant  'You're acting like the f**king queen!' Big Brother's Kayleigh and Sukhvinder SCREAM at one another over a hairbrush and have to be separated Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Amy Childs shows her post-baby body in stylish blouse and skintight denims as she celebrates 27th birthday with newborn daughter Polly and mother Julie Belle of the ballroom: Ola Jordan dazzles in a plunging gown as she enjoys a romantic night out with husband James at charity gala  Dancing queen  Anwar Hadid, 17, and girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cosy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Lovebirds  Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) Lavish  'Twice the blessing, twice the fun': The Bachelor's Vienna Girardi says she's expecting twins Took to Instagram on Thursday  'She's a blessing!' Heavily pregnant Laura Prepon reveals she and fiance Ben Foster are expecting a baby girl on Live With Kelly And Ryan Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit during Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in unfortunate wardrobe malfunction 'I ate cake for five months!' Mel Giedroyc is GLAD she's left Bake Off for her waistline... and admits Noel Fielding 'kept it very quiet' he was replacing her Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in LA Two of a kind  'We're just here for funsies!': Mike Myers is unrecognizable in first trailer for revived The Gong Show 'This summer, a legend returns'  Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead  Couple goals! Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut dapper figures at New York event after celebrating 21 years of marriage No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Fleeting trip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 21,183 +8.84 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,322 +24.38 +0.39% S&P 500 2,434 +0.65 +0.03% 3:05 A.M. ET FTSE 100 home builders, retailers dropping in early Friday trade 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens flat at 12,713.60 3:02 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 250 opens 0.3% lower at 19,686.92 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.2% higher at 5,275.41 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 387.98 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.8% higher at 7,504.09 3:00 A.M. ET Dollar rises, pound hits 7-week low as U.K. heads for ‘hung parliament’ 2:47 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures swing higher as pound sinks to 7-week low 2:42 A.M. ET U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports 2:37 A.M. ET Updated ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Pressure mounts on U.K. PM May to resign as Conservatives set to lose majority 2:14 A.M. ET I Don't Do Windows—the Robots Do 1:48 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides 1:03 A.M. ET Copycats of Chinese Tech Pop Up in U.S. 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices pinned down by strong dollar, supply worries 6/08 Kakao CEO: Next Messenger Will Be a Virtual Assistant 12:19 A.M. ET Japan passes bill allowing 83-year-old emperor to abdicate 6/08 Moderate uptick in China's May consumer inflation 6/08 Updated U.K. election: So what is a hung parliament? 6/08 The Future of Ride-Hailing Apps, as Seen by Grab Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets One of Jamie Dimon's heirs apparent, Matt Zames, is leaving J.P. Morgan By Mark DeCambre Published: June 8, 2017 3:14 p.m. ET Share By MarkDeCambre Matt Zames, chief operating officer at J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +1.24% is stepping down from the giant bank, according to an internal memo obtained by MarketWatch. Zames, often described as an heir apparent to CEO Jamie Dimon, had worked at the bank for some 13 years and had held some of the bank's most important roles, including serving as chief investment officer in the wake of the so-called London Whale scandal, which saddled the bank with an embarrassing loss and dented its risk-management reputation. "Matt has held leadership roles in our investment banking and trading businesses, and he was an integral part of the team that helped manage the firm successfully through the financial crisis," said Dimon in the internal memo on Thursday. The executive is expected to leave in the coming weeks; details about his next move weren't immediately known. The 46-year-old Zames had long been considered among the C-suite executives in position to succeed Dimon should he decide to step down from the helm of J.P. Morgan. Quote References JPM +1.04 +1.24% Most Popular ‘Worst possible outcome’ — analysts react to U.K. early election results Alibaba’s record stock surge sends Yahoo shares to 17-year high Bill Gates and Warren Buffett agree on this singular piece of advice for entrepreneurs Is bitcoin in a bubble? This metric suggests there’s more room to grow How to Book the Cheapest Flight Ever. Period. MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $84.95 +1.04 (+1.24%) Volume 17.5M Open $83.91 High $85.73 Low $83.89 P/E Ratio 13.09 Div Yield 2.35 Market Cap 298.1B
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Wall Street Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Jamie Dimon just said the exec many saw as his successor is leaving JPMorgan Matt Zames was considered by many to be a potential successor to CEO Jamie Dimon. Dimon announced Zames' departure in a memo Thursday. The memo did not make it immediately clear that there would be a replacement for Zames. Evelyn Cheng | @chengevelyn 12 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters JPMorgan COO Matt Zames is leaving    13 Hours Ago | 00:56 JPMorgan Chase Chief Operating Officer Matt Zames is leaving the firm, CEO Jamie Dimon said in a memo Thursday. "Our colleague, Matt Zames, Chief Operating Officer, recently informed me of his decision to leave our firm following 13 years of outstanding service," Dimon said in the memo. Zames was considered by many to be a potential successor to Jamie Dimon when the CEO and Chairman eventually decided to step down. The Wall Street Journal in 2014 called him a "potential favorite" for the position because his work in helping Dimon navigate the financial crisis. Dimon said in the memo Zames "was an integral part of the team that helped manage the firm successfully through the financial crisis." "It's very difficult for JPMorgan to hold onto anyone because Jamie Dimon has no intention of leaving," said Dick Bove of Rafferty Capital Markets, noting he didn't think Zames' departure indicated problems within the Wall Street giant. "It is not that unusual for this to happen at JPMorgan," he said. The bank "has become the incubator for presidents and CEOs of other financial companies. That makes it seem very likely that Matt Zames will show up as the CEO of some other company really soon." Sources familiar with the situation told CNBC that Zames wants to run his own company but is unlikely to end up at a rival firm. Zames has many offers but hasn't chosen a new firm yet, the sources said. Tweet The memo did not make it immediately clear that there would be a replacement for Zames, instead laying out a new organizational structure dividing up the COO's roles. JPMorgan did not immediately return a CNBC call for comment. "There's a need on the part of the company to move its executives around in order to give them new challenges," Bove said. The long-time bank analyst said Wednesday it's time to break up the large Wall Street institutions in order for their stocks to do well. The memo said Zames "will be here over the coming weeks to help ensure a smooth transition of his responsibilities." It does not mention any plans beyond that for Zames. — CNBC's Wilfred Frost and John Melloy contributed to this report. Evelyn ChengWriter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
null
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Bloomberg - JPMorgan to fund luxury-condo tower at New York’s One Wall Street Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               JPMorgan Chase has agreed to provide Harry Macklowe with an $850 million loan to construct a luxury-condo tower at New York’s One Wall Street, enabling the developer to proceed with the conversion of a landmark office building even as the city’s high-end residential market slows. Bloomberg News reports that the deal is a coup for Macklowe at a time when lenders are wary of funding new Manhattan projects. JPMorgan, which has expanded its construction-financing business over the past year, will recruit other lenders to participate in the funding, according to people with knowledge with the transaction, who asked not to be identified because terms are private. Macklowe, 79, is extending a bet on New York’s luxury market after building 432 Park Ave., a 1,396-foot (426-meter) Midtown tower that helped usher in a condo boom when sales began in 2012. Developers are now cutting prices and rejiggering their blueprints after the building surge left a glut of high-end apartments. For luxury homes that have found buyers in 2017, the median asking price was the lowest in at least five years, according to data last month from luxury brokerage Olshan Realty Inc., which measures contracts for $4 million or more. Hit the link below to access the complete Bloomberg News article: JPMorgan Will Fund Luxury-Condo Tower at NYC's 1 Wall Street JPMorgan's Purcell Says Three Deals Died on Him Since Trump Won Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2017 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
null
null
null
Skip to main content Donate Subscribe Search Politics Environment Media Crime and Justice Food Guns Dark Money Photos Investigations Podcasts Kevin Drum About Subscribe Donate Newsletter Politics Environment Food Media Crime & Justice Photos Investigations Magazine Subscribe Donate Paris in the Streets, Climate Denial in the Sheets: 15 Business Leaders Try to Have It Both Ways It’s all about money, as usual. Alexander C. Kaufman, Daniel Marans, Ben WalshJun. 8, 2017 6:00 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Print Cheriss May/Sipa via AP Images This story was originally published by HuffPost and is reproduced here as part of the Climate Desk collaboration. As soon as President Donald Trump announced last week that he would pull the US out of the Paris Agreement on climate change, a flurry of top executives issued statements criticizing the decision as bad for the planet, business, and America’s international standing. But many of those same CEOs have supported—through either corporate or personal giving—Republican candidates who espouse climate-change denial. HuffPost asked 15 high-profile executives who publicly denounced the president’s decision if they would stop funding such Republicans deniers. All 15 either declined to commit, or did not respond to the question. HuffPost asked Tim Cook of Apple, Bob Iger of Disney, Darren Woods of Exxon Mobil, Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook, Art Peck of Gap, Jeff Immelt of GE, Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman Sachs, Meg Whitman of Hewlett Packard, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase, Sundar Pichai of Google, Mark Parker of Nike, Brad Smith of Microsoft, Indra Nooyi of Pepsi, Marc Benioff of Salesforce and Elon Musk of Tesla about the fundamental conflict between their statements and political giving. These executives and their companies have collectively given millions of dollars to support members of the only major political party in world that makes denying the scientific consensus on manmade global warming a platform issue. For some of the companies, the disparity between public stances on climate and political donations is particularly glaring. In March, Exxon Mobil urged the White House to stay in the Paris Agreement, two months after adding a climate scientist to its board of directors. But the oil giant for years has been the fourth-biggest corporate donor to Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.), who so vehemently rejects the science behind global warming that he once brought a snowballto the Senate floor to prove a point. The firm —which for decades funded a Big Tobacco-style disinformation campaign to undermine evidence that burning fossil fuels caused climate change—continued to pay millions to groups that deny global warming as recently as last year.   Facebook’s political giving tells a different story than its founder and CEO’s denunciation of Trump’s decision. In the 2016 election cycle, Facebook’s political action committee contributed $146,500 to Republican U.S. House members, compared with $139,500 to Democratic members. In the Senate, where Democrats had a credible shot at retaking the chamber, the PAC gave $140,500 to Republican senators, compared with $90,500 for Democrats. A spokesman for Facebook referred HuffPost to a section of the company’s code of conduct stating that “Facebook PAC considers whether an individual candidate’s policy stances are consistent with Facebook’s public policy agenda and business interests, particularly the individual’s commitment to fostering innovation and an open Internet,” as well as the politician’s rank in his or her party or committee. Facebook gave to 37 Republican senators. Regardless of the views of these individual senators, Republican control of the Senate enables Trump to confirm climate change-skeptical appointees to key cabinet positions and block any major climate change policy action. Of JPMorgan Chase’s $1,337,951 in campaign contributions last year, $441,333 went to Republican candidates—but the bank channeled over 67 percent of its donations to political action committees to right-leaning groups. The company cut off direct financing to new coal mines last year, but so far has not adopted new rules to curtail funding to coal-fired power plants and existing mines.  PepsiCo has been inching away from climate science deniers since 2012, when the food and beverage behemoth cut off funding to groups such as the American Legislative Exchange Council and the right-wing Heartland Institute. Yet nearly half of Pepsi’s political giving from its corporate PAC in 2016 went to foes of former President Barack Obama’s climate agenda, a Reuters analysis found last September. In some cases, the companies that have donated heavily to Democrats have gone out of their way to signal from the top that they support Republicans. For example, Apple employees donated just $181,369 of their total $1,265,383 in campaign contributions last year to Republicans, according to public data collated by the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics. Apple’s CEO Tim Cook, meanwhile, personally hosted a fundraiser for Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan. Disney CEO Bog Iger and Tesla CEO Elon Musk both withdrew from Trump’s business advisory council over their disagreement with the president’s decision on the Paris Agreement. JP Morgan’s Jamie Dimon took a different tack and said he would continue to serve on the president’s advisory group. “I absolutely disagree with the Administration on this issue,” Dimon told CNBC last week. “But we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment.” Get the scoop,  straight from Mother Jones. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Members like you Mother Jones is a nonprofit, and stories like this are made possible by readers like you. Donate or subscribe to help fund independent journalism. Related Obama Slams Trump’s Withdrawal From Paris Deal Inae Oh Reports: Trump Is Planning to Abandon the Paris Climate Deal Rebecca Leber Membership RHC SIGN UP Top News James Comey’s Big Message: Donald Trump Can’t Be Trusted David Corn You’ll Want to Watch This Video of Ted Cruz Being Forced from Stage Again…and Again James West Why Comey Documented His Trump Meetings: “I Was Honestly Concerned That He Might Lie” AJ Vicens view comments About Us Store Donate Subscribe Advertise with us Customer Service Copyright ©2017 Mother Jones and the Foundation for National Progress. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Bottom adblock bar We noticed you have an ad blocker on. Support nonprofit investigative reporting by pitching in a few bucks. DONATE X
null
null
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Start Ups FX Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX News Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism ASEAN World War 3 China EU Real Estate Lifestyle Luxury Dining Spa Hollywood Art Shopping Travel Dubai Thailand Hong Kong Italy Vietnam Palm Beach Tahiti USA Abu Dhabi Roatan Indonesia Japan Australia Singapore Health Horse Racing Dubai World Cup Kentucky Derby Royal Ascot USA Australia Hong Kong Japan UK Singapore Horse Sales News Breeding UK Horse Racing France Breeders Cup Godolphin Coolmore Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Free Trial IR Hot Start Ups Managed FX Real Estate Feature Companies Services Consulting EB5 CrowdFunding Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Asset Management Asia Business Financial Solutions Calendar Live Charts Major US Business Leader Staying on President Trump’s Business Council By Paul Ebeling on June 7, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Major US Business Leader Staying on President Trump’s Business Council $WMT, $JPM, $IBM, $GE, $BA, $BX Major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), JP Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) and IBM Corp (NYSE:IBM) have said their CEO’s will remain in an influential Presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris Accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with The Trump Administration, American business leaders said they will remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Last Thursday, President Trump said he would pull the United States from the Y 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from some world leaders and some heads of industry. Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) CEO Robert Iger left White House advisory councils after President Trump’s deceleration Asked about CEO’s’ criticism of the US withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Mr. Spicer added he does not know if President Trump will replace Messrs Musk and Iger on the business council. “IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world,” a company spokeswoman said. Jamie Dimon CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized President Trump’s decision, but said he would not step down from the President’s business group. “I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment,” Mr. Dimon said in a statement. General Electric Co (NYSE:GE) CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on President Trump’s manufacturing council, said he was disappointed in the decision and added: “Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Mr. Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on President Trump’s manufacturing council, called the withdrawal “a failure of American leadership.” A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve “as a voice for working people.” Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) CEO Dennis Muilenburg will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In a TV interview last Friday, Mr. Cohn said the move was part of the administration’s efforts to boost US economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for US goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. “If we can grow our economy, we’re going to consume more and more products,” he said. “We’re going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption.” President Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP (NYSE:BX). Blackrock Inc CEO Larry Fink said he will continue to serve on President Trump’s business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co (NYSE:GM) said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra will remain on the Presidential advisory panel. Stay tuned…   accord, BA, business, BX, council, GE, IBM, JPM, Paris, president, Trump, WMT Major US Business Leader Staying on President Trump’s Business Council added by Paul Ebeling on June 7, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) GCC Rift Could Escalate into a ‘Military Standoff’ – Sultan Al Qassemi - June 9, 2017 Robots to Serve and Entertain - June 9, 2017 Americans Believe the Elite Media is on a “Witch Hunt” to Impeach President Trump - June 9, 2017 Related posts: President Trump Ended Mr. Hussein Obama’s ‘War on America Business’ Monday, President Donald Trump Vowed to Cut Regulations & Taxes The US “War on Business” is Over in The Age of Trumpism “American Spirit” Ignited, US Business & Consumer Confidence Running High Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY   Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) Constant Contact Use. By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact.     Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health Beach Bum Kit Calendar Contact Us Contributors Privacy Policy Fast Jets USA Feature Companies HEFFX Knightsbridge Law Miami Bikini Shop Race Horse Syndication Free Trial Hot Start Ups IR Knightsbridge Agriculture Live Charts Managed FX One Ohana Real Estate 11 11 Hotels – Thailand Heart of Europe-Dubai Services Asia Business Asset Management Consulting CrowdFunding EB5 Financial Solutions Marketing Metals Monetization of Bank Instruments Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
null
null
null
null
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 42-55 We set you thinking Friday 9 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Asia Australia Americas Europe Middle East Africa Quirky World newstream World EU's Moscovici says British vote to influence 'spirit' of Brexit talks 1496990799 World Hunt for missing Myanmar plane enters third day; total of 31 bodies recovered 1496990616 World As Brexit talks loom, shock UK election leaves May hanging by a thread 1496984848 World Aston Martin calls for investment clarity after inconclusive UK election 1496989393 Business Airbus sees 20-year demand for 34,899 jets, trims traffic growth 1496989579 World Election gamble leaves 'strong and stable' British PM anything but 1496988747 World EU fears Brexit delay, uncertainty after shock UK vote 1496988747 World British PM loses majority, faces pressure to resign 1496985960 Voices Important to stay united against those who aim to divide 1496989024 World Somalia's president vows revenge on al Shabaab after deadly attack 1496988216 Business Sterling stunned by UK election shock, fallout limited elsewhere 1496988041 Entertainment Peranakan fashion at your fingertips 1496921820 Entertainment Spotify nemesis Taylor Swift ends streaming boycott 1496987460 Entertainment Road closures for Crazy Rich Asians 1496983860 World Exiled Chinese tycoon fraudulently obtained big loans, employees tell court 1496986152 Business Oil stabilizes after steep falls, but supply glut prevails 1496985146 World Factbox: What happens with Brexit if there's no clear winner of UK election? 1496985572 Business Firms see big bucks in upgrade of U.S. air traffic control system 1496984814 World Qatar rejects as baseless terrorism blacklist by four Arab states 1496984983 World As Brexit talks loom, shock UK election leaves May hanging by a thread 1496985060 Business Mexico sugar deal hard to swallow for last U.S. candy cane maker 1496984537 World Britain may need to ask for delay to Brexit process: JPMorgan 1496982440 Singapore NLB told to review vetting process after removal of controversial Malay books 1496952120 Singapore Removal of controversial Malay books: NLB to learn from incident, but can't vet every book, says Yaacob 1496977800 World North Korea’s anti-ship missile test aims to show it can repel assault 1496981825 World Japan's parliament clears way for emperor's abdication 1496981289 Singapore Maximum S$1,000 fine for man who caused security scare at Hougang MRT Station 1496981220 World Factbox: What results to watch as UK election goes down to the wire? 1496980364 World South Korea's Blue House asks lawmakers to approve of foreign minister nominee 1496979297 World Scottish leader Sturgeon says election 'disastrous' for PM May 1496978213 Business JPMorgan operating chief to go, Dimon successor pool shrinks 1496977980 World UK opposition Labour leader Corbyn calls for PM May to stand down 1496977189 World Northern Ireland's DUP surge, could help Britain's May reach majority 1496977189 World Malaysia wants SOS button in Uber, Grab apps 1496977018 Business SoftBank unit buys robotics businesses from Alphabet Inc 1496975506 World Islamic State says it killed two Chinese teachers kidnapped in Pakistan 1496974140 World Betting markets split over who will be next British PM 1496973556 World Japan clears way for first emperor abdiction in over 200 years 1496973417 World Ivanka Trump’s brand distances itself from China shoemaker 1496972217 World Australian counter-terrorism police conduct raids after fatal siege 1496971043 China&India Backing for Iran is part of China’s delicate Middle East balancing act, say analysts 1496970720 World U.S. wary of French push for U.N. to back Sahel force: diplomats 1496969085 World 14 bodies found in mass grave in Mexican resort of Los Cabos 1496968453 Business Nordstrom family explores taking retailer private, shares surge 1496968043 World Instant View: British PM May seen short of majority in election exit poll 1496967441 World UK's Conservatives hold Nuneaton but Labour poaching UKIP votes 1496966642 World North Korea fires suspected land-to-ship missiles as South Korea delays THAAD 1496965936 Singapore Winning ‘hackers’ might be among first batch of NS cyber defenders 1496952120 World China reiterates opposition to anti-missile system despite delay 1496965293 World North Korea likely tested precision strike capability with Thursday's launch: South Korea 1496965293 World Britain may need to ask for delay to Brexit process: JPMorgan mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:35 PM, June 9, 2017 LONDON - Britain may have to delay Brexit talks in the absence of a majority for Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party, JPMorgan said on Friday. With no clear winner emerging from the parliamentary election, a wounded May signaled she would fight on, despite being on course to lose her majority in the House of Commons. "Perhaps the most obvious conclusion is that the likelihood of the UK needing to request a delay in the Brexit process has risen substantially, given the chance that political developments in the UK disturb what is already a time-compressed process," said Malcolm Barr, economist at JPMorgan, in a research note. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most World READ COMMENTED ﻿From Trump’s Mar-a-Lago to Facebook, a national security crisis in the open  Extreme religious acts mark Good Friday in the Philippines “I trusted him”: London attacker was friendly with neighbours “Fear of the future” fuels killings in Japan “Blackface” video in Malaysia blasted on social media “I trusted him”: London attacker was friendly with neighbours “Blackface” video in Malaysia blasted on social media ‘Sanctity of Ramadan tarnished by terror acts’ ‘I am doing good’: A Syrian smuggler’s story Zimbabwe's Mugabe tells allies to stop fighting over his successor Yemen cholera cases pass the 100,000 mark: WHO Would you pay over RM21,000 for one tudung? Well, someone has Witnesseses described scenes of chaos at Resorts World Manila Witness to London Bridge incident saw six lying on ground after van plowed into people Witness says saw people who appeared to have throats cut on London Bridge Inside Today World EU's Moscovici says British vote to influence 'spirit' of Brexit talks Hunt for missing Myanmar plane enters third day; total of 31 bodies recovered Aston Martin calls for investment clarity after inconclusive UK election EU fears Brexit delay, uncertainty after shock UK vote Election gamble leaves 'strong and stable' British PM anything but Business Airbus sees 20-year demand for 34,899 jets, trims traffic growth Sterling stunned by UK election shock, fallout limited elsewhere Oil stabilizes after steep falls, but supply glut prevails Firms see big bucks in upgrade of U.S. air traffic control system Mexico sugar deal hard to swallow for last U.S. candy cane maker Sports Lions’ win over fast-improving Taiwan not a given Rising S’pore shuttler Yeo Jia Min is new world junior No 1 Conte says I am not in his plans next season: Diego Costa Manchester City sign Brazilian keeper Ederson Family carnival and clinics to kickstart ICC football activities in Singapore Entertainment Spotify nemesis Taylor Swift ends streaming boycott Road closures for Crazy Rich Asians Chuck Berry revisits youth in posthumous album Peranakan fashion at your fingertips Wonder Woman banned in yet another country — Tunisia About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 James Comey Cow Slaughter Exam results 2017 News World News Britain may need to ask for delay to Brexit process - JPMorgan Shares0 Fri, 9 Jun 2017-09:55am , Reuters Britain may have to delay Brexit talks in the absence of a majority for Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party, JPMorgan said on Friday. With no clear winner emerging from the parliamentary election, a wounded May signalled she would fight on, despite being on course to lose her majority in the House of Commons. "Perhaps the most obvious conclusion is that the likelihood of the UK needing to request a delay in the Brexit process has risen substantially, given the chance that political developments in the UK disturb what is already a time-compressed process," said Malcolm Barr, economist at JPMorgan, in a research note. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World UK Election: Indian-origin Preet Gill becomes first Sikh woman MP World US intelligence contractor pleads not guilty to leaking classified report on Russian election interference World Syrian polio outbreak hits global effort to eradicate virus, says WHO World Qatar rejects 'blockade', denies terror allegations World Gulf crisis: Egypt and Bahrain keep pressure on Qatar World Smoke detected in cockpit of Korean Air jet as it approached Japan; no fire or injuries reported Live Cricket Score New Zealand vs Bangladesh Fri, 9 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Related UK Elections: Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn to face off, as Britain set to vote in wake of terror London Attacks: UK imams refuse funeral prayers for terrorists 2 London Bridge attackers identified, one was born in Pakistan Video WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation View all Tags UK Conservative Party Theresa May Britain House of Commons Malcolm Barr SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News INTERVIEW-Niigata governor's plans may upend TEPCO's nuclear restarts, restructuring Qatar slams Saudi, allies terrorism list as 'baseless' Goa MP writes to Swaraj to help Indians stranded in Africa May under pressure after hung UK results; Brexit dilemma loom Women activists demand action in Unnao gang rape matter Sports Rugby-Hunt 'shocked' to receive long-awaited Wallabies jersey Tennis-Fitness key to Murray revival, says coach Lendl Rugby-Standing up to Crusaders pack vital ahead of tests - Rowntree Door for basketball in India is open, says NBA star Vince Carter Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, June 9 Entertainment Scoop: Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone to be neighbours soon? Sonam Kapoor's boyfriend Anand Ahuja plans the perfect birthday surprise for her! Jab Harry Met Sejal and Toilet CLASH averted: Why it's a master stroke from Shah Rukh Khan! Jab Harry Met Sejal posters OUT: Shah Rukh Khan - Anushka Sharma celebrate life and love! CBFC chief wants Akshay's 'Toilet: Ek Prem Katha' to be tax-free Business Centrica sells Canadian gas assets for 240 mln stg Salon services app Yes Madam begins operations in Noida Aston Martin calls for investment clarity after inconclusive UK election Guiddoo raises USD 300,000 in pre-series A funding Refined soya oil futures down 0.56% on subdued demand Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Britain may need to ask for delay to Brexit process - JPMorgan By Reuters Published: 00:24 EDT, 9 June 2017 | Updated: 00:24 EDT, 9 June 2017 e-mail LONDON, June 9 (Reuters) - Britain may have to delay Brexit talks in the absence of a majority for Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party, JPMorgan said on Friday. With no clear winner emerging from the parliamentary election, a wounded May signalled she would fight on, despite being on course to lose her majority in the House of Commons. "Perhaps the most obvious conclusion is that the likelihood of the UK needing to request a delay in the Brexit process has risen substantially, given the chance that political developments in the UK disturb what is already a time-compressed process," said Malcolm Barr, economist at JPMorgan, in a research note. (Reporting by Andy Bruce; editing by Guy Faulconbridge) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Buoy, does she look good! Emily Blunt dons a skimpy hot pink bikini as she leans in for a kiss with husband John Krasinski on a boat in Italy Wild side! Selena Gomez suffers wardrobe malfunction in edgy flank-baring white top while promoting her new song Put her bust on display Jamie Laing can't keep his hands off bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff as they soak up the sun with Made In Chelsea co-stars at boozy pool party in Ibiza Happily married! Miranda Kerr shows off her stunning wedding ring for the first time as she returns to the runway after marriage to Evan Spiegel Eagle-eyed viewers point out critical flaw in 'awkward' election day scene as Kathy and Jane discuss their election votes on EastEnders Taylor Swift releases entire back catalog of music on multiple streaming services... the same night rival Katy Perry's new album drops She's on fire! Hailey Baldwin flashes major cleavage in flame design bodysuit as she and Jasmine Tookes sizzle while walking the Moschino runway show Front-and-center fashionista! Kate Beckinsale beams at Moschino runway show as she sits alongside Sarah Hyland, Vanessa Hudgens, and Fergie Chip off the old block! Cindy Crawford's model children Kaia and Presley Gerber join fashion's elite at Moschino runway show in Los Angeles Love Island's Jessica Shears caught up in a shocking SEX TAPE scandal... just a week after naked photos of the glamour model emerged online So in love! Ariel Winter dons shimmery thigh-skimming dress as she kisses beau Levi Meaden at LA Dodgers gala Leggy lady  Braless Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples AGAIN in a semi-sheer top and skirt as she arrives in Los Angeles Bold display  Kovered up! Make-up free Kylie Jenner takes a break from her racy costumes as she wears baggy sweats for a smoothie run in LA Au natural  Hard to stomach! Bella Thorne takes shot at making Scott Disick jealous by flaunting her taut tummy in Hollywood Holly Willoughby's weight loss regime revealed... after This Morning star showcased her slimline figure at Glamour Awards The secret's out He's getting big! Heidi Montag shares 3D sonogram of her 'angel' son as she gets closer to her due date Baby love   'I fake-tried to get pregnant': Khloe Kardashian reveals she pretended to do fertility treatments during troubled marriage with Lamar Odom  Hats off to her! Bella Hadid steps out in edgy all-white outfit while rocking personalized red beanie Cream of the crop  I think aisle wear it again! Katie Piper makes an arrival to remember as she takes to the stage at the Ideal Home Show in wedding dress In bed with Sahara! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Ray poses TOPLESS as she reveals her G-string clad posterior in raunchy Instagram snap   'I've got no doubt it will happen': Olly Murs says he's STILL desperate to mend eight-year family rift... after his estranged brother said he'd 'moved on' 'It's not that bad': Amy Schumer dons denim mini-skirt and discusses split with Ben Hanisch at Hilarity for Charity Amicable exes  That's a Lottie drink! Bikini-clad mini-Moss sips from a HUGE pitcher of drink and smokes by the pool as she spends a very boozy day with MIC cast Devoted! Kristen Stewart supports Stella Maxwell backstage as she struts her stuff at Moschino Resort Collection show in LA Perfect pair  Who's bovvered? Ashley Graham pours curves into wet-look black pants and patterned jacket with platform boots at Moschino show in LA Playing with fire! Lily Collins dazzles in elegant red gown as she attends star-studded Okja premiere Red-dy for her close up! Awkward! Nicola Peltz keeps her eyes wide open as boyfriend Anwar Hadid passionately kisses her during shopping trip Golden girl! Mandy Moore sparkles in glittering embroidered frock as she attends Television Academy Honors alongside This Is Us co-stars Queen of the crop! Hailey Baldwin flashes steely abs and incredibly trim waist in cropped Supreme hoodie Ab-fab Soccer mom! Charlize Theron carries a checkered ball while arriving to Jimmy Kimmel EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa displays her toned arms on a food run... after showing off her fab abs ahead of Dan Osborne wedding International love! Britney Spears matches hunky beau Sam Asghari in pink as they enjoy break from world tour in Japan Pink to make him wink  Sam Thompson is joined by bikini-clad Emily Blackwell as they party in Ibiza... after announcing plans to split with Tiffany Watson for the summer Just the girls! Demi Moore stands out in bright red frock as she spends quality time with daughter Tallulah Willis at book launch Hollywood: The Next Generation! Emma Stone channels Star Trek android Data in black and gold gown at Diane Keaton gala Mamma mia! Jason Biggs' pregnant wife Jenny Mollen shares revealing nude selfie at 22 weeks along Thanks Annie Hall! Woody Allen pays homage to muse Diane Keaton as he presents actress with AFI's Lifetime Achievement Award in Hollywood Showing Carmelo what he's missing! La La Anthony vamps it up in fishnet frock at Power premiere in DC Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner put on united front for 8-year-old Seraphina's school graduation Friendly exes  EXCLUSIVE: Emma Willis 'had no idea' the new Big Brother line up included Ex On The Beach stars... as she addresses THAT awkward launch night chat with Lotan Carter Suits you! Brad Pitt cuts a dapper figure in gray blazer and trousers for NYC premiere of Netflix film Okja Suited and booted  New mom Irina Shayk shows off her flawless complexion as she goes make-up free for a day out in NYC Model moment  Reese Witherspoon dazzles in LBD as she honors Diane Keaton at lifetime achievement ceremony Chic and cheerful  Youthful Meg Ryan, 55, stuns in flirty pastel dress and metallic heels at AFI tribute to Diane Keaton Ageless beauty Rachel Weisz looks effortlessly stylish in a plunging ivory gown as she makes glamorous appearance on the Graham Norton Show Graced the red couch Name that tomb! The Mummy co-stars Tom Cruise and Annabelle Wallis dance up a storm on Spanish TV show... after critics PAN their film Elsa Pataky gives fans a sneak peek into the home she shares with Chris Hemsworth as she shows how she packs a suitcase... and it's not as organised as you would think! Isla Fisher pampers herself at LA hair salon... ahead of her appearance on ABC's The Gong Show Radiant redhead 'I do deserve it': Bethenny Frankel mulls $16.5 million townhouse on Million Dollar Listing New York Big Brother's Hannah almost comes to blows with Chanelle when the bubbly brunette throws a SLIPPER at her... as half the house is put up for eviction 'That's put me off my sausage sandwich!': Big Brother's Arthur Fullford shocks his fellow housemates by going full-frontal NAKED in the shower Zahida Allen and beau Sean Pratt have a blazing row on hotel balcony in Ibiza... as he admits he finds it hard to 'cut her off' despite cheating with Scotty T Luisa Zissman delightedly announces she is expecting her third child in sweet Instagram post... just 10 MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Indigo   Cheesy comedy! Anna Faris delivers pizzas on set of Overboard as her glamorous costar Eva Longoria shields herself from the rain in Vancouver 'He's a stuntman in training': Owen Wilson shares video of Jackie Chan fan son Ford leaping head first into pool   Chip off the old block. All grown up! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber graduates high school and celebrates with a big hug from sister Kaia Beauty and brains  Coy Nicole Kidman giggles like a schoolgirl when asked what husband Keith Urban whispered in her ear in THAT Cannes red carpet moment No need for Privacy? Chris Brown covers huge wall on LA house with colorful graffiti artwork Artistic  Take That the musical takes £10m! Show breaks record three months before nationwide tour starts  Rule The World. EXCLUSIVE: Love Island's Caroline Flack looks sensational as she poses in an array of form-fitting ensembles for new fashion magazine shoot Love Island's Chloe shares a steamy late-night kiss with womaniser Chris... after the newcomer tries it on with TWO other girls in one day Ibiza Weekender star Hayley Fanshaw sizzles in TINY scarlet swimsuit in Magaluf... after she was 'left raging when BFF Ellie Young ditched her for Big Brother Vicky Pattison puts on an eye-popping as she slips into tiny coral bikini while holding hands with shirtless beau John Noble on Magaluf beach Pretty in pink  Tom Hughes as Ireland's most gorgeous rat-catcher? The award for 2017's Most Ridiculous Thriller should go to Paula, by JIM SHELLEY Love-all! Lindsey Vonn and her beau Kenan Smith cuddle up at the French Tennis Open in Paris  Cute couple  Rebel Wilson defamation case twist: Hollywood actress now being SUED by a journalist she 'blasted on Twitter as total scum and a disgrace' A VERY special guest! Steve Irwin's son Robert, 13, helps Jimmy Fallon bottle-feed cute kangaroo joey on The Tonight Show Adorable  'We wish her a speedy recovery': Sheridan Smith withdraws from Bradford leg of touring musical Funny Girl after being struck down with mumps  Amanda Holden confirms teen who appeared in BGT's Missing People Choir appeal has been found... and admits to 'crying' upon learning the news No one is looking at the jewelry! Topless Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her chest while modeling new bling from Jacquie Aiche Brazilian bombshell Liam Payne puts on an animated display as he meets fans... after confessing he gets a full seven hours of sleep a night since welcoming baby Bear with Cheryl The girl who stole Captain America's heart: Actor Chris Evans on the bond with ten-year-old actress who plays his niece in new movie Gifted Leslie Ash cuts a low-key figure in rock chic ensemble as she makes rare public appearance with husband Lee Chapman at Ibiza Rocks bash Are The Killers set to play at the AFL Grand Final this year? Rock band rumoured to be returning to Australia after four-year hiatus for footy extravaganza SPOILER ALERT! 'It's an open game': Love Island's Amber moves onto man number THREE as suitors Kem and newbie Jonny vy for her affection Caroline Flack whips off her bikini top for a topless sunbathing session as she enjoys break from filming new series of Love Island in Mallorca 'She was chucking his clothes out': Jeremy McConnell escapes to Ireland after BLAZING row with on-off love Stephanie Davis Off again Hand in hand! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell put on loving display as they take a casual stroll in LA Reportedly dating for five months Kady McDermott shows off her physique on Ibiza hen do... after BLASTING claims Love Island newbie is nabbing her 'pocket rocket' status Braless Ellie Goulding's fans label her 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade them to be politically engaged Controversial image  Diamonds are forever! Lily James exudes Old Hollywood glamour in a figure-hugging Bardot gown as she poses elegantly at jewellery opening Vogue Williams shows off her tanned legs in a flirty floral dress as she attends jewellery launch in London The Irish model plumped for a flirty frock It's Shoe Grant! British actor Hugh participates in an Australian drinking tradition as he downs alcohol from his footwear during a wild night out What a trailblazer! David Beckham looks incredibly dapper in a pinstripe navy suit as he makes a slick exit from The Late Late Show with James Corden Dynasty living! Joan Collins lists 'Hollywood glamour' condo for a cool $4.5million Isn't messing around with the price of her lavish home TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off every inch of her stunning frame in pink bikini as she joins buff beau James Lock on Marbella trip   'He's sweet talking her': Gaz Beadle is 'fighting to win back ex girlfriend Emma McVey as he gets bored of single life'... after she blasted him for cheating Bikini-clad Billie Faiers flaunts her taut post-baby frame as she snuggles with son Arthur in adorable selfie... three months after welcoming his birth SPOILER ALERT: Big Brother's Rebecca and Sukhvinder come to blows in a heated race row... as Kayleigh and Tom enjoy a VERY steamy shower WAG Toni Terry shows off her toned bikini body as she enjoys a spot of beach volleyball in Portugal with shirtless husband John  Fun in the sun Revealed: Taylor Swift and Beyonce BOTH  burst into tears backstage after Kanye West's infamous MTV VMA stage invasion Upsetting times  Leo, look at what you're missing! Nina Agdal looks stunning as she poses in a wedding dress for bridal ad campaign, weeks after splitting from DiCaprio The name's balls... Goldenballs! David Beckham emulates James Bond in forthcoming appearance on The Late Late Show with James Corden What a match! Christine Lampard and husband Frank sport complementing laidback looks as they enjoy a dog walk in London   Perfect pair  Boho babe Nikki Reed shows off growing baby bump in style while enjoying lunch with husband Ian Somerhalder Maternity style What a drag! Sofia Richie, 18, keeps it casual cool in pink checked coat while puffing cigarette on New York stroll Stepping out 'I thought you were blacking up to make me feel welcome!' Actor Don Gilet stuns Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby with controversial remark  Emily MacDonagh scolds Peter Andre in an innuendo-filled chat about vegetables... as couple present romantic sun-soaked segment from Santorini 'She is literally a Barbie!' Lucy Mecklenburgh's fans go wild as star shares sizzling photo of her little sister in a skimpy pink bikini Avert your eyes! Lizzie Cundy flashes her white lingerie in VERY revealing sheer gold dress as she attends charity bash in London Up to her old tricks again Smiling Louise Redknapp steps out in an all-black ensemble as she continues to insist her marriage with Jamie is 'great' following false claims of a rift 'He couldn't understand I didn't want to have sex with him': Janet Street-Porter, 70, was assaulted by a friend when she was in her twenties 'I love you so much': Kim Kardashian wishes husband Kanye West a happy 40th birthday as mother-in-law Kris Jenner calls him a 'beautiful soul' Family first Pretty in pink! Camila Cabello shows off flirty side in bright fuchsia crop top while promoting new single in NYC Looked gorgeous on Thursday morning  High five! Jennifer Lopez cheers on beau A-Rod's daughter Tashi, 12, as she sings for the pop star in sweet Instagram video Hit a high five Hot heiress! Paris Hilton dons leather pants and matching choker as she jets from LAX with beau Chris Zylka Smitten Michael Caine's $8.7million luxury apartment in Miami goes up for sale equipped with four bedrooms, media room and stunning beach views  EXCLUSIVE: Jessica Alba's Honest Company agrees to pay $1.55 million class action settlement after claims of 'dishonest' advertising Mary J Blige ordered to pay ex Martin Isaacs $30k per month in spousal support... $100k less than he wanted Will also have to pay retroactive support  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her baby bump in a teal two-piece as she posts throwback snap from her Thailand baby-moon  Yummy mummy-to-be Vanessa White shows off her curves in skimpy yellow snakeskin bikini as she frolics in the water in Ibiza... just two months after split from Gary Salter Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson shows off her cleavage in a white bikini top and a bohemian maxiskirt as she steps out in Mykonos 'You consistently lie... toxic!': Ariel Winter slams estranged mother Chrystal Workman who told her to 'grow up, dress properly' Took to Twitter 'I don't have a boyfriend... or any kids yet': Katy Perry says her puppy has become her closest 'companion' as she is interviewed by a seven-year-old Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Needed stitches for a severe gash on his head 'You're a vile disgrace to women and all mankind': Courtney Love attacks Palestinian women's rights activist in Twitter tirade calling her 'anti-American'  'We laughed about it!' Jerry Seinfeld says Kesha was nice after THAT awkward interaction... but he still didn't hug her Awkward  'Thinking of our angels': Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack 'I'm no pushover!' Katy Perry accuses Taylor Swift of 'character assassination' after writing hit single Bad Blood about their bitter feud Blondes unite! Kristen Stewart, Chelsea Handler and January Jones make a glamorous stand against gun violence at gala 'It's the greatest challenge of her life': Kris Jenner asks followers to pray for cancer-stricken cousin Cici Bussey ahead of stem cell transplant 'It's hard being over 25': Reese Witherspoon feels 'liberated' in her forties as she continues to fight for female importance and diversity in Hollywood  She's irresistible! Joanna Krupa dazzles in tiny low-cut LBD at dinner in LA... and beau Nico Santucci can't keep his lips off her Beautiful in black 'They're going to be doctors and lawyers': Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi won't rule out Jersey Shore reboot... but says her kids won't be on TV Up for a return Making a splash! Pascal Craymer shows off her toned bikini body in a white fringed two-piece as she frolics on the beach in Marbella From Brentwood to Hollywood! Jessica Wright teases a glimpse of her flat stomach in a crop top and pineapple print skirt as she continues LA getaway Is that you A$AP? Bikini clad Kendall Jenner soaks up the sunshine poolside as she beams at her camera-shy mystery man  'The moment you realise you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as her hairdresser pal Ken Paves shows his moves The baby is here! Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte says he 'can't stop crying' after fiancée Kayla Rae Reid welcomes son Caiden Zane 'They are tramps': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson is slammed for shattering glass door in rage... before licking her COUSIN Sophie's bare chest in shock scenes Eleanor Tomlinson looks sensational as she steps out in a frilly Victorian-style top with skinny jeans... after teasing new season of Poldark at event Eleanor Tomlinson is chic in peplum-detail white shirt and smart trousers as she teases new series of Poldark at Build LDN event Magical in monochrome Michelle Williams is '70s chic in a sleeveless two-piece and brunette locks as she continues to shoot kidnap drama with Mark Wahlberg in Rome The look that says she's single! Olivia Munn wears leather mini-skirt with sexy split... two months after Aaron Rodgers breakup Looking good 'Never trust a big butt': Blac Chyna leaves curious message along with sultry snaps after Mehgan James is linked to Rob Kardashian Something to say?  Easy does it! Salma Hayek has help from a gentleman as she tries to navigate a NYC sidewalk in her $1,690 Gucci platform heels Steady on 'I just spat out my coffee!' Viewers' shock as Trinny Woodall blurts out that she 'wants to be black' while admiring a model's 'marble skin' on This Morning (before stroking her BREAST) Romee Strijd channels Britney Spears as she rocks crop top and messenger hat during cosy outing with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen 'A messy and muddled product': The Mummy panned in early reviews... with one critic calling it 'the worst movie Tom Cruise has ever made' Nicole Kidman and Russell Crowe are being courted for Joel Edgerton's new gay conversion therapy drama Boy Erased Possible roles Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows off her baby bump in Spain with her husband and their child Alaia... after F1 ace announced retirement to enjoy more family time Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her sensational bronzed physique in a thigh-skimming blue floral playsuit in Ibiza Looking good Cheeky Lottie Moss flashes her peachy posterior in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a wild night out in Ibiza with the Made in Chelsea cast Celebrity fit club! Make-up free Nicola Roberts and famous pal Lisa Snowdon showcase their lithe physiques in gym gear as they hike at Ibiza bootcamp 'Brains, beauty, booty!' Love Island star Katie Salmon shows off blonde braids and peachy posterior in slogan thong swimsuit in Ibiza 'I got used to nos and knockbacks': Pixie Lott says she'll bring her experience of finding fame to The Voice Kids as she wows in tiny crop top on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: Larsa Pippen is being bankrolled by Kourtney Kardashian after her NBA star husband Scottie cut her off amid $120 million divorce Vanessa Hudgens flashes Britney Spears-style diamond belly piercing with help of Adidas crop top as she carries two coffee drinks Slam dunk! Kris Humphries sells Beverly Hills bachelor pad for $8.25M The 32-year-old NBA center has unloaded his California property 'It was daunting': Cindy Crawford says turning 50 'was really hard' as she shows off model physique in white swimsuit for DuJour Bit of all white 'Wearing the same Gucci suit I wore to his christening': Elle Macpherson looks proud at her 14-year-old son Aurelius Cy Busson's middle school graduation Hugh Jackman braves sub-zero temperatures for cryotherapy treatment after a host of stars promote the health trend Alex Rodriguez 'never cheated on J. Lo and former mistress's claims of her wild sex romps with the slugger in hopes of getting money' Coming out swinging! Jay Z's streaming service Tidal to offer boxing movie starring TWO Oscar winners Offering an original movie Camera ready! Kate Upton is fresh-faced as she heads to photo shoot in striped pants and tank top Looked flawless on Wednesday Mamma mia! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen keep casual in jeans and sneakers on the set of Little Italy Katy Perry to co-host Sunrise but will NOT appear on its rival show... despite being scheduled to perform on Channel Nine's The Voice Australia Stunning in scarlet! Princess Mary goes VERY glam in bright red stilettos and a Dolce & Gabbana dress after a whirlwind week of conference talks Late night? Hugh Grant, 56, stifles a yawn as he joins his girlfriend Anna Eberstein, 35, to watch the tennis at Roland Garros in Paris It's a hard life... One direction and it's down under! Harry Styles announces new dates for an intimate Australian arena tour ...but tickets are likely to sell out in minutes Stopping to smell the roses! Alec and Hilaria Baldwin enjoy morning stroll together The couple stepped out to smell the flowers and pick up their coffee On the town! Sober Brad Pitt is seen leaving LA concert with energy drink in hand after admitting he 'was boozing too much' Total abstinence  RHONY star Jules Wainstein's estranged husband facing jail time after failing to pay child support and expenses Ordered to appear in court Red hot! Minka Kelly looks ready for summer in bright patterned sundress while out for coffee in LA without rumored beau Jesse Williams 'Taking rest in the jungle': Kate Hudson shares a selfie from Cambodia as she explores country with boyfriend Danny Fujikawa PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Rhian Sugden slips her sizzling curves into a black bikini as she enjoys a smooch with fiance Oliver Mellor in sunny Turkey Cat Deeley looks effortlessly chic in a silk polka dot blouse and skinny jeans as she steps out in style in New York City Simple yet sophisticated The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison shows off her taut abs as she gets VERY hands-on with beau John Noble while hosting raucous Magaluf pool party 'Fat feminist lesbian' Beth Ditto slams critics who say models like Ashley Graham aren't 'fat enough', insisting people need to 'quit being mean' Pop Idol star Darius and the Funny Girl cast enjoy boozy night in Glasgow... but co-star party girl Sheridan Smith is nowhere to be seen 'I don't know who's in control': Naomi Watts shares girl-on-girl kiss as she lives double life in steamy trailer for new series Gypsy She plays a therapist  'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals the rage she felt after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes Naked shoulders! Lea Michele flashes one of her 14 tattoos as she displays cleavage in clever black top at TV event in Canada Fetching black outfit Jessica Alba and husband Cash Warren celebrate daughter Honor's birthday...as Honest Company agrees to pay $1.5M in lawsuit Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung trousers as she arrives in style at LAX airport Looking good  Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class Ab-fab 'Cute little Kady has WAY more class!' Love Island's McDermott lashes out at claims 'lookalike' newbie Amber has stolen her 'pocket rocket' crown Irish plus-size model shares the VERY revealing outtakes from her stunning shoot featured in Vogue Italia as she calls on women to 'love their cellulite' Make-up free Chloe Khan flashes her ample assets in a barely-there bikini as she whizzes through the waves on a jet ski in Barbados Beach babe  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins 'She is a delusional individual': Marnie Simpson hits back at Stephanie Davis as she's accused of faking her Celebrity Big Brother romance with Lewis Bloor Wine-ding down! Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas flaunts her enviable curves in skimpy two-piece while sipping on rosé during relaxing break in Mallorca Worse-for-wear Holly Hagan flashes her lingerie under sheer gown as she puffs on cigarette... before intentionally MISSING flight home for partying Kristina Rihanoff stuns in a royal-blue gown as she cosies up to boyfriend Ben Cohen at charity ball... after revealing her dream wedding plans Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty 'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Arise Sir Veg-alot! Camilla knights a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins acting great in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit 'Sex is one of the most wonderful things in life!' Lorraine Kelly and Niall Horan flirt up a storm as One Direction singer admits his solo material is 'very sexual' 'Many more dates to be added': Lorde announces Melodrama world tour shows in Australia and New Zealand ahead of album release 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary Poignant  'You're acting like the f**king queen!' Big Brother's Kayleigh and Sukhvinder SCREAM at one another over a hairbrush and have to be separated Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Amy Childs shows her post-baby body in stylish blouse and skintight denims as she celebrates 27th birthday with newborn daughter Polly and mother Julie Belle of the ballroom: Ola Jordan dazzles in a plunging gown as she enjoys a romantic night out with husband James at charity gala  Dancing queen  Anwar Hadid, 17, and girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cosy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Lovebirds  Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) Lavish  'Twice the blessing, twice the fun': The Bachelor's Vienna Girardi says she's expecting twins Took to Instagram on Thursday  'She's a blessing!' Heavily pregnant Laura Prepon reveals she and fiance Ben Foster are expecting a baby girl on Live With Kelly And Ryan Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit during Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in unfortunate wardrobe malfunction 'I ate cake for five months!' Mel Giedroyc is GLAD she's left Bake Off for her waistline... and admits Noel Fielding 'kept it very quiet' he was replacing her Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in LA Two of a kind  'We're just here for funsies!': Mike Myers is unrecognizable in first trailer for revived The Gong Show 'This summer, a legend returns'  Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead  Couple goals! Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut dapper figures at New York event after celebrating 21 years of marriage No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Fleeting trip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business With shareholders’ approval, Yahoo clears last hurdle to sell Web properties to Verizon The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it June 8 at 8:07 PM TELECOMMUNICATIONS Yahoo shareholders approve Verizon sale Yahoo shareholders approved the $4.48 billion sale of the company’s main Web properties to Verizon Communications on Thursday, clearing the last major hurdle for a deal announced almost a year ago. Yahoo said in a statement that it expects to hand over its Web assets to Verizon on Tuesday, June 13. The transaction has been delayed by revelations of massive privacy breaches and a reduction in the price from $4.8 billion. Yahoo chief executive Marissa Mayer agreed to the sale last year after a four-year turnaround effort failed to stem a slide in advertising revenue. Verizon plans to use Yahoo’s Web audience to push deeper into content and expand beyond its central business of connecting people to the Internet, cable channels and their smartphones. Yahoo will become part of a new Verizon unit called Oath. The division will also incorporate businesses Verizon added when it bought AOL in 2015. Yahoo, to be renamed Altaba, will keep its most valuable assets: stakes in China’s Alibaba Group and Yahoo Japan worth more than $40 billion. — Bloomberg News INSURANCE INDUSTRY Berkshire units settle over workers’ comp Two insurance units of Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway have each agreed to lower rates and provide more disclosures to settle claims that they overcharged California small-business owners for workers’ compensation coverage. The settlement announced Thursday by the state’s Department of Insurance resolves charges that Applied Underwriters and California Insurance steered prospective customers to unapproved or costly policies using “illegal side agreements” that exposed policyholders to greater risks. California Insurance Commissioner Dave Jones halted the Berkshire units’ sale of unapproved “EquityComp” policies last June after finding that one policy subjected Shasta Linen Supply, a Sacramento employer of 63 people, to hundreds of thousands of dollars of extra costs. Vermont and Wisconsin regulators enacted bans of similar products in those states. Thursday’s settlement allows the resumption of EquityComp sales in California, provided that companies can absorb their risks, Jones said in a statement. — Bloomberg News Also in Business Buoyed by higher stock prices, Americans’ household net worth rose 1.4 percent to $94.8 trillion in the first three months of this year, a trend that could support future spending. The Federal Reserve said Thursday that U.S. stock and mutual fund portfolios jumped $1.3 trillion in value in the January-to-March quarter. Home values rose by $499 billion. Total household wealth includes checking and savings accounts, and subtracts mortgages and other debt. JPMorgan Chase’s chief operating officer, Matt Zames, once viewed as a potential successor to chief executive Jamie Dimon, has decided to leave after 13 years at the bank. “Matt has worked tirelessly across many disciplines to help make us a better company,” Dimon, 61, said in a memo to staffers. Zames was named co-chief operating officer in July 2012 in the wake of JPMorgan’s London Whale trading debacle. Dimon didn’t say why Zames, 46, is leaving or if he will be replaced. His duties are being split among other top executives, the memo said. A new coal mine that President Trump mentioned in announcing plans to pull the United States out of the Paris climate accord has officially opened in southwest Pennsylvania. The Acosta Mine will supply coal used in making steel and is expected to generate up to 100 full-time jobs. Corsa Coal said it decided in August to open the mine after a steel industry boom drove up prices for metallurgical coal. Pennsylvania awarded a $3 million grant for the project. Honda plans to have highly automated personal cars on the road by 2025, the automaker said. Honda said its system will use computers and cameras, radar, and laser sensors to handle almost all driving situations except bad weather or some unusual occurrences. Then a human driver would take control. The company also repeated its pledge to have highly automated freeway driving by 2020. — From news reports Coming today 10 a.m.: Commerce Department releases wholesale trade inventories for April. business economy false after3th true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters The comment section on this story has been closed. You can leave feedback for the Post newsroom by emailing comments@washpost.com. For more on how we manage comments and other feedback, please see our discussion and submission guidelines  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Most Read 1 Comey: White House lied about me, FBI 2 Corbyn calls on May to resign as British election results show losses for Conservatives 3 Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour Party may be No. 2 but still won big in British elections 4 Analysis Comey lays out the case that Trump obstructed justice 5 Analysis What Britain’s next government could look like if exit polls turn out to be correct The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe business economy Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Market Watch DJIA 0.04% NASDAQ 0.39% Get quote Last Update: 4:45 PM 06/09/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Bank of America Stock Will Reward Your Patience InvestorPlace James Brumley 14 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL These Stocks Have Doubled in 2017 Charts show that Apple, Tesla, and Amazon Are Overbought and Risky © Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Customers use an ATM at a Bank of America branch office in San Francisco There’s no sugar-coating the fact that the past three months haven’t been great ones for Bank of America Corp (BAC) shareholders. Quotes in the article Alibaba Group Holding Ltd BABA ▲ 142.34 +16.70 +13.29% Bank of America Corporation BAC ▲ 22.97 +0.37 +1.64% While BAC stock rallied 33% between the election of President Donald Trump and early March, it has pulled back 12% in the meantime as every aspect of Trump’s agenda has hit a headwind. Reports from a week ago that Q2 trading revenue was down on a year-over-year basis — as was the case with JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) and others — certainly didn’t help the bullish case either. All of those are sideshow, though. The main event is (still) going to play out over the course of this year, and it bodes bullishly for Bank of America. Interest Rates Make a World of Difference All the other facets have been interesting, but they all pale in comparison to the proverbial big Kahuna that owners of BAC stock should have their eye on. That’s interest rates, which should ratchet higher to the tune of 25 basis points when the Federal Reserve gets a chance to put such a change in place on the 14th. As of the most recent look, traders are betting — with actual money — there’s a 98% chance we will indeed see such a rate increase. 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Investors who’ve been keeping close tabs on the bond market may well know, however, that interest rates have been falling of late. Since late December, 30-year Treasury yields have peeled back from 3.18% to 2.85%, while 10-year government bond yields have slipped from a March peak of 2.61% to 2.2% now. In both cases, the interest rates are still in a broad downtrend. That’s not how it’s supposed to be. Not only did the FOMC impose a quarter-point rate hike in March, traders are (literally) betting on at least another rate hike in June, and they’re leaning on at least one more bump-up in interest rates later in 2017. The general consensus outside of the Fed-funds futures market is two more increases in interest rates this year. Nevertheless, market-driven interest rates are tumbling when they shouldn’t be, and it’s the prevailing interest rates that make banking more or less profitable. In general, the higher interest rates are, the greater the spread, or difference, between a bank’s borrowing costs and its lending revenue. Indeed, BofA threw out some detailed numbers that end last year suggesting 100 basis points worth of higher interest rates could add $6 billion worth of income to Bank of America’s annual bottom line. For perspective, the bank earned $16.2 billion last year; the potential for earnings growth is significant. It wasn’t empty rhetoric either. When market rates soared late last year in anticipation of this year’s rate hikes, it led to a 43% year-over-year increase in the company’s Q4 income. A huge chunk of that growth was attributable to higher interest rates. Not Panning Out? Not So Fast. In that light, the fact that interest rates have fallen in the meantime is understandably concerning to BAC stock holders. So what gives? The disconnect is what can and does happen when traders are left to their own devices. When the Fed Funds ticked higher by 25 basis points in December (with at least a couple more penciled in for 2017), the market took that ball and ran a little too far with it. The pullback in yields since then is merely a correction of an overzealous move. Not even March’s subsequent rate-hike from the Fed was enough to halt the corrective move in its tracks. That may not be the case with the next increase in interest rates though, the first of which could materialize in the middle of this month. For better or worse, traders have the habit of preemptively and excessively reacting to change. It became clear late last year that a series of rate hikes this year was not only likely, but necessary. The plans were for a slow-and-steady imposition of rate increases though, and not the sudden, all-in-one-shot increases the bond market tried to put in place in November and December. More often than not, traders learn their lesson. While we can never rule anything out, from here, the market’s interest rates should more or less mirror the direction of the Fed’s foundational interest rates. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock Is the REAL E-Commerce Giant In other words, look for roughly 50 basis points worth of higher market rates as this year progresses. That’ll be huge for BofA. Bottom Line for BAC Stock It’s admittedly tough to get excited about Bank of America from here. Even if interest rates reverse they’re downtrend — and there’s no absolute guarantee they will — there’s still the dark cloud of diminished trading revenue hanging over investors’ heads. Where’s the growth? Patience. The growth is brewing. The Fed’s plans to crank up interest rates this year are in response to an economy that’s finally reaching escape velocity. Though it may not feel like it at times, as a whole, the picture is looking brighter — the Fed’s chiefs know what they see. That economic growth should not only rekindle interest in investing, but also prod the borrowing that banks thrive. BAC stock is still a healthy play for those who can look beyond one day’s headlines. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment Poll Oil prices have been volatile. How are you reacting? Buying energy stocks Selling energy stocks Buying related stocks in other sectors Riding it out Not scientifically valid. Results are updated every minute. TOTAL RESPONSES:11057VOTES VIEW RESULTS << GO BACK TO VOTE VOTE NEXT POLL AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Stock Won’t Land Anytime Soon InvestorPlace Stocks rise amid volatility as Gulf tensions stir InvestorPlace Amazon Unlimited Cloud Storage Plan Is No More InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories For David Price, it’s going from bad to worse MGH surgeons left patients waiting under anesthesia while they did second surgeries, whistle blower charges Ten takeaways from Comey’s testimony Prosecution rests in Michelle Carter manslaughter trial Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Banks’ gains help push US stock indexes higher E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Associated Press  June 08, 2017 Financial companies led US stock indexes higher Thursday, nudging the Nasdaq Composite index to a record high. The gains came as stocks continued to trade mostly in a narrow range in the absence of major new economic data and ahead of next week’s meeting of Federal Reserve policy makers. Advertisement Speculation that the Fed will raise interest rates helped boost financial stocks for the second day in a row. Higher interest rates allow banks and credit card issuers to charge more for loans, which boosts profits. Goldman Sachs Group picked up 1.4 percent, JPMorgan Chase added 1.2 percent, and Regions Financial gained 3.2 percent. Utilities and consumer goods companies were among the biggest decliners. Energy stocks also fell as crude oil prices declined. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here The Standard & Poor’s 500 index gained 0.03 percent, to 2,433.79, while the Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.04 percent, to 21,182.53. Both remain slightly below their record highs, set last Friday. The Nasdaq added 0.4 percent, to 6,321.76. Small-company stocks fared better than the rest of the market; the Russell 2000 climbed 1.4 percent, to 1,415.61. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.19 percent from 2.18 percent late Wednesday. Advertisement Traders also welcomed news that members of the Nordstrom family are considering taking the company private. Like Macy’s and other big department store chains, Nordstrom has struggled to cope with competition from online retailers. The company, with 354 stores in the United States and Canada, has seen its stock tumble by half since early 2015. On Thursday, the stock soared 10.3 percent. Several companies that reported improved earnings or outlooks also traded higher. Verint Systems rose 3.2 percent after the maker of software for analyzing intercepted communications had a strong first quarter. Investors cheered Alibaba Group Holding’s latest revenue forecast. Shares in the Chinese e-commerce company gained 13.3 percent. Some companies failed to impress traders. Urban Outfitters slid 10.3 percent after it said sales at older stores are running lower than expected this month. That followed weak sales in May. Benchmark US crude wavered for much of the day before sliding 8 cents to settle at $45.64 a barrel in New York. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Wall St retreats from records 11:06 June 9, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk June 9 (BusinessDesk) Wall Street was mixed, after earlier touching record highs, as investors assessed the impact of testimony by recently-fired FBI Director James Comey to Congress.While you were sleeping: Wall St retreats from records By Margreet Dietz June 9 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street was mixed, after earlier touching record highs, as investors assessed the impact of testimony by recently-fired FBI Director James Comey to Congress. In 3.08pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.1 percent. The Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.2 percent. In 2.52pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index fell 0.2 percent. Earlier in the day, the Dow touched a record high 21,265.69 while the Nasdaq climbed to a record 6,318.39. “I think the market is taking less of an alarmist review of this situation because there is no smoking gun here,” Thomas Simons, money market economist at Jefferies & Co in New York, told Reuters. “So it’s not particularly impactful for thinking about … Trump’s economic agenda to go through.” The Dow slid as declines in shares of Merck and those of Walt Disney, recently down 1.8 percent and 1.6 percent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Goldman Sachs and those of JPMorgan Chase, recently both up 1.5 percent. Shares of Nordstrom jumped, trading 8.6 percent higher as of 3.36pm in New York, after the company said members of the Nordstrom family have formed a group to explore the possibility of pursuing a “going private transaction.” In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day at 389.15, barely budging from the previous close. France’s CAC40 Index inched 0.02 percent lower, while the UK’s FTSE 100 Index slid 0.4 percent. Germany’s DAX Index rose 0.3 percent. The euro declined after the European Central Bank kept its interest rates unchanged, and upgraded its growth forecast while cutting its expectations for inflation. The ECB now predicts the region’s gross domestic product will expand at 1.9 percent in 2017, up from its previous estimate for 1.8 percent previously, while it sees 2018 growth at 1.8 percent, up from its previous forecast for 1.7 percent. “The risks surrounding the euro area growth outlook are considered to be broadly balanced,” ECB President Mario Draghi said at a press conference in Tallinn, Estonia. “On the one hand, the current positive cyclical momentum increases the chances of a stronger than expected economic upswing,” Draghi noted. “On the other hand, downside risks relating to predominantly global factors continue to exist.” The central bank also said that the Governing Council expects the key ECB interest rates “to remain at their present levels for an extended period of time, and well past the horizon of the net asset purchases.” It no longer mentioned the potential to cut rates. “Even though [the ECB decision] was well telegraphed over the last 24 hours, the future expectations on inflation came in a bit lower than the market had been anticipating,” Dean Popplewell, chief currency strategist at Oanda in Toronto, told Reuters. “That sort of weighed on the euro.” Meanwhile, investors are eying the outcome of the general election in the UK. “We are seeing the natural, sensible hedging that usually precedes risk events like a general election,” Ken Odeluga, a market analyst at City Index in London who also covers derivatives, told Bloomberg. “Some investors are seeking protection as a Conservative majority, while still likely, is looking less like a done deal.” (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Achieving Radical Innovation While Keeping it Real Air Force Aviation Medicine Unit Opened Man dies following workplace incident in Rolleston Community’s views to be sought on freedom camping The trial of cameras in the Snapper 1 Fishery Position on supermarket bag tax needs clarifying Manawatu Gorge remains closed Commercial property stocks a better bet than Auckland houses Shelter for bus travellers on the way DB annual profit gains 8% as brewer fattens margins Engineering Society Warns of Potential Tragedy ecostore Laundry Powders Win Customer Satisfaction Award First train arrives in Kaikoura after November quake ‘Live to Build’ campaign launched First NZ cuts Auckland Airport target price Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
 Business  Contact  About  Services  Werewolf Wellington Scoop Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Community Review of Books InfoPages Front Page Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health    Contact  About  Services Scoop Front Page Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Network Werewolf Wellington Scoop Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Community Review of Books InfoPages Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search   Scoop  Business    While you were sleeping: Wall St retreats from records Friday, 9 June 2017, 11:06 am Article: BusinessDesk While you were sleeping: Wall St retreats from records By Margreet Dietz June 9 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street was mixed, after earlier touching record highs, as investors assessed the impact of testimony by recently-fired FBI Director James Comey to Congress. In 3.08pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.1 percent. The Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.2 percent. In 2.52pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index fell 0.2 percent. Earlier in the day, the Dow touched a record high 21,265.69 while the Nasdaq climbed to a record 6,318.39. "I think the market is taking less of an alarmist review of this situation because there is no smoking gun here," Thomas Simons, money market economist at Jefferies & Co in New York, told Reuters. “So it's not particularly impactful for thinking about … Trump's economic agenda to go through.” The Dow slid as declines in shares of Merck and those of Walt Disney, recently down 1.8 percent and 1.6 percent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Goldman Sachs and those of JPMorgan Chase, recently both up 1.5 percent. Shares of Nordstrom jumped, trading 8.6 percent higher as of 3.36pm in New York, after the company said members of the Nordstrom family have formed a group to explore the possibility of pursuing a "going private transaction.” In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day at 389.15, barely budging from the previous close. France’s CAC40 Index inched 0.02 percent lower, while the UK’s FTSE 100 Index slid 0.4 percent. Germany’s DAX Index rose 0.3 percent. The euro declined after the European Central Bank kept its interest rates unchanged, and upgraded its growth forecast while cutting its expectations for inflation. The ECB now predicts the region’s gross domestic product will expand at 1.9 percent in 2017, up from its previous estimate for 1.8 percent previously, while it sees 2018 growth at 1.8 percent, up from its previous forecast for 1.7 percent. “The risks surrounding the euro area growth outlook are considered to be broadly balanced,” ECB President Mario Draghi said at a press conference in Tallinn, Estonia. “On the one hand, the current positive cyclical momentum increases the chances of a stronger than expected economic upswing,” Draghi noted. “On the other hand, downside risks relating to predominantly global factors continue to exist.” The central bank also said that the Governing Council expects the key ECB interest rates “to remain at their present levels for an extended period of time, and well past the horizon of the net asset purchases.” It no longer mentioned the potential to cut rates. "Even though [the ECB decision] was well telegraphed over the last 24 hours, the future expectations on inflation came in a bit lower than the market had been anticipating," Dean Popplewell, chief currency strategist at Oanda in Toronto, told Reuters. "That sort of weighed on the euro.” Meanwhile, investors are eying the outcome of the general election in the UK. “We are seeing the natural, sensible hedging that usually precedes risk events like a general election,” Ken Odeluga, a market analyst at City Index in London who also covers derivatives, told Bloomberg. “Some investors are seeking protection as a Conservative majority, while still likely, is looking less like a done deal.” (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. Contact BusinessDesk Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz           Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH   Foodstuffs On Cadbury Exit: Backing Bid To Keep Candy In Dunedin One team from Dunedin, led by Dr Jim O’Malley, has put their hand up to rescue the factory and continue manufacturing the favourite Kiwi candies... More>> ALSO: Foodstuffs Limited - Help us save Jaffas and Pineapple Lumps! E tu - Cadbury Products Could Still Be Made in New Zealand Image 2012 Cadbury - Patriotic Cadbury Jaffa Race a success with $49,560 raised 10 Months To April: Crown Accounts Ahead Of Forecast The OBEGAL was a surplus of $2.5 billion for the ten months to 30 April 2017, compared to a forecast surplus of $1.0 billion. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Strong Crown Accounts in April Deregulating Copper: Govt Announces Final Details Of Telco Act Reform Telcos have responded positively to news the government announced the final details of the reform package for the Telecommunications Act that refines regulatory settings that will apply to fibre and copper fixed line services from 2020 although some concerns have been raised. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Final telecommunications reform package announced TUANZ - Telecommunications Review provides a number of wins Scoops Coverage: Budget 2017 Announcements, reaction, and analysis, as well as a look back at the leadup to Budget 2017. More>>  Submit News / Press Releases   Follow Scoop on Facebook   Follow Scoop on Twitter       Featured InfoPages     Bill Bennett on Tech Smart watch: The revolution that didn’t happen 06 Jun | Bill Bennett Huawei Nova Lite: NZ$400 Android alternative 06 Jun | Bill Bennett Commerce Commission investigates Vodafone FibreX 03 Jun | Bill Bennett Mobile termination rate revision not pressing 30 May | Bill Bennett IBM remote work recall a red herring 29 May | Bill Bennett RBI2 bidders at Rural Connectivity Symposium 29 May | Bill Bennett More  RSS   Business Scoop Valuecruncher Achieving Radical Innovation While Keeping it Real 5:00 PM | admin Air Force Aviation Medicine Unit Opened 4:50 PM | admin Man dies following workplace incident in Rolleston 4:45 PM | admin Community’s views to be sought on freedom camping 4:42 PM | admin The trial of cameras in the Snapper 1 Fishery 4:37 PM | admin Position on supermarket bag tax needs clarifying 4:25 PM | admin Manawatu Gorge remains closed 4:11 PM | admin More  RSS  News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More  RSS  News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Scoop Newsagent News Intelligence Email Alerts      Contact  About  Services  View as: FULL SITE | MOBILE SITE Scoop Contact About Services Newsagent Connect Submit News Social Media Scoop Network Scoop Foundation Ethical Paywall Accredited Orgs. Licensing Terms of Use Apply for a licence © Scoop Media  
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Urgent care provider CityMD attracts funding from Warburg Pincus June 8, 2017 By Iris Dorbian New York metro area-based CityMD, an urgent care provider, has raised an undisclosed amount of funding. The investor was Warburg Pincus. Credit Suisse provided financial advice to Warburg Pincus on the investment while J.P. Morgan Securities LLC did likewise for CityMD. PRESS RELEASE NEW YORK, June 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Warburg Pincus, a global private equity firm focused on growth investing, today announced that funds affiliated with the firm have completed the previously-announced acquisition of CityMD, the leading urgent care provider in the New York Metro Area. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Warburg Pincus will support CityMD’s expansion through new site openings and strategic acquisitions and partnerships. The company was founded as an alternative to both expensive, crowded emergency rooms with long wait times and to physicians who are often booked weeks in advance. CityMD offers a wide range of comprehensive care by highly qualified physicians, as well as other clinical support staff. The company has over one million patient visits per year and operates more than 70 locations in New York, New Jersey and Washington State with a growing team of over 300 medical professionals. Credit Suisse acted as financial advisor to Warburg Pincus. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC acted as financial advisor to CityMD. About CityMD Founded in 2010 by a passionate group of emergency medicine physicians, CityMD’s mission is to serve its communities by providing quality medical care through convenient access and an exceptional experience. The company’s unwavering commitment to treating everyone with respect and genuine kindness while offering exceptional services and a cost-effective alternative to the ER, has enabled CityMD to grow from one Manhattan practice to more than 70 locations in the greater New York Metro Area and Seattle, Washington. To date, CityMD has treated over 5 million patients. For more information about CityMD and a list of locations, please visit CityMD.com. Follow CityMD on Facebook facebook.com/CityMD, Twitter @CityMD, and Instagram @CityMD. About Warburg Pincus Warburg Pincus LLC is a leading global private equity firm focused on growth investing. The firm has more than $44 billion in private equity assets under management. The firm’s active portfolio of more than 140 companies is highly diversified by stage, sector and geography. Warburg Pincus is an experienced partner to management teams seeking to build durable companies with sustainable value. Founded in 1966, Warburg Pincus has raised 16 private equity funds which have invested more than $60 billion in over 780 companies in more than 40 countries. Since inception, the firm has invested more than $9.7 billion in more than 150 healthcare companies. The firm’s current and past healthcare investments have included Alignment Healthcare, Bausch + Lomb, China Biologic Partners (CPBO), Coventry Health Care, Helix, Lepu Medical, Wright Medical and Zentiva. The firm is headquartered in New York with offices in Amsterdam, Beijing, Frankfurt, Hong Kong, London, Luxembourg, Mumbai, Mauritius, San Francisco, São Paulo, Shanghai and Singapore. For more information, please visit www.warburgpincus.com. Do you want exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more? Get your FREE trial to Buyouts! Or subscribe now! Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Vista to acquire Lithium Technologies by Iris Dorbian Vista Equity seeks buyer for Omnitracs: WSJ by Luisa Beltran Vista to buy Xactly for about $564 mln by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Goldman Sachs, Hamilton Lane, the UN are hiring by Eamon Murphy CD&R to buy HD Supply’s Waterworks business for $2.5 bln by Luisa Beltran Sequoia raises $2 bln for global growth fund, additional capital for China, India funds by Mark Boslet Aquiline acquires OSG Billing Services by Iris Dorbian Thoma Bravo to acquire Riskonnect by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Learn more about the new design and provide your feedback. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/why-bank-stocks-are-flying-1496949372 Stocks to Watch Why Bank Stocks are Flying The House of Representatives appears set to pass the so-called Financial Choice Act, which would lighten the regulatory load on banks. By Ben Levisohn June 8, 2017 3:16 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Shares of bank stocks like Citigroup (C), Goldman Sachs (GS), Bank of America (BAC), and JPMorgan Chase (JPM) are soaring today...and it's not just because former FBI Director James Comey's testimony offered few fireworks. Illustration: Getty Images What's got banks all fired up? It looks like the House of Representatives is set to pass the so-called Financial Choice Act, which would do away with much of the regulation enacted under Dodd-Frank following the financial crisis. Does it stand a chance of passing the Senate? Probably not in its current form. But it does show that the Trump administration's goal of deregulating much of the U.S. economy is moving forward despite the noise coming out of Washington. KBW analysts Brian Kleinhanzl and Michael Brown contend large banks are set to outperform--and it has little to do with the politics: Universal Bank stocks are trading at 66% of the S&P 500 P/E multiple based on 2018 consensus estimates and this is below the average relative forward multiple of 70% since 2011. We believe the current valuation remains attractive given positive catalysts are on the horizon. In the coming month, we are expecting the U.S. Treasury to release a report to address potential regulatory changes that could be done to align the current regulatory landscape with the principles of the administration’s executive order. In addition, we believe the Fed will increase the fed funds rate in June and messages about further rate increases and winding down the Fed’s balance sheet could be positive. Lastly, capital return is expected to increase in the 2017 CCAR and results could be above expectations, which would be another catalyst for bank stocks. Lastly if loan growth comes in better than expectations at second-quarter earnings, then we could see stocks rally again as fears of a sluggish lending outlook diminishes. Given we expect Universal Bank shares to rise meaningfully over the next year, we remain overweight the group and reiterate our Outperform ratings for BAC, C, GS, and Wells Fargo (WFC). Shares of Bank of America have gained 2.1% to $23.09 at 2:36 p.m. today, while Citigroup has climbed 2.6% to $63.50, Goldman Sachs has risen 1.6% to $219.29, JPMorgan Chase has advanced 1.6% to $85.23, and Wells Fargo is up 1.3% at $52.78. Text Size Regular Medium Large Stocks Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS Nordstrom: Another 15% to Go? NEXT The Hot Stock: Yahoo! Jumps 10% Most Popular Exxon Mobil Stock Seen Reaching $90 Back Where We Started: Dow Fails to Hold Record High as Blue Chips Unmoved By Comey Glad That’s Over: Dow Hits New High as Comey Testimony Changes Nothing Alibaba Stock Catapults To All-Time High iPhone 8: Why T-Mobile Could Be the Big Winner Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Switch to the mobile version of this page. East Bay Express Oakland, Berkeley, And East Bay News, Events, Restaurants, Music, & Arts Facebook Twitter Instagram Subscribe Home Search Your Profile News & Opinion Arts & Culture Food & Drink Movies Music Calendar Blogs Locations Special Reports EBX Web Services Browse Search Article Search Event Search Location Search Movie Search Best Of Search Member Search Video Search Search By Cover eBlast Search eDeals Search Browse Your Profile Login Create Account Browse News & Opinion Submit a Letter Story Archives Browse Arts & Culture Submit an Event Arts Listings Story Archives Browse Movies Times & Tickets Movie Theaters Story Archives Browse Food & Drink Restaurant Guide Nightclubs & Bars Food & Wine Listings Story Archives Browse Music Submit an Event Music Listings Nightclubs & Bars Story Archives Browse Blogs What the Fork Seven Days Culture Spy Legalization Nation Blog Archives Browse Locations Art Galleries Movie Theaters Museums Nightclubs & Bars Restaurant Guide Wineries Browse Calendar All Listings Staff Picks Music Listings Events & Attractions Museums & Galleries Theater & Dance Listings Lectures & Lit Listings Food & Wine Listings Other Listings Submit an Event Browse Special Reports Insider's Guide 2016 Holiday Guide 2015 Year in Review 2015 Taste, Fall 2016 Taste, Fall 2015 Taste, Spring 2016 Fall Arts 2015 Back to School 2015 Best Of Local Economy 2015 Summer Guide 2016 Summer Guide 2015 Sustainable Living 2015 Sustainable Living 2016 Taste, Spring 2015 Browse Classifieds Post an Ad Adult Bulletin Board Buy/Sell/Trade Community Employment Mind/Body/Spirit Music Xchange Rentals Real Estate Services Username / View Profile / Edit Profile / Log Out Log in / Create Account Archives | RSS Wednesday, February 24, 2016 Report: Profound Racial Disparities in Mortgage Lending Seen in Oakland By Darwin BondGraham Wed, Feb 24, 2016 at 9:57 AM Email Tweet Print click to enlarge Greenlining Institute. According to a research report published today, Blacks and Latinos are “severely underrepresented” among borrowers who obtained a loan from a major bank to purchase a home in the city of Oakland. The report, by the Greenlining Institute and Urban Strategies Council, also found that banks issued a much smaller total number of home mortgage loans in Oakland compared to Fresno and Long Beach, two other cities analyzed in the study. And Black and Latino borrowers in Oakland applied for home loans at very low rates, and were approved at lower rates than whites. This dearth in mortgage lending by major banks in Oakland, compounded by low numbers of mortgage loan applications from Black and Latino customers, and lower loan approval rates, is perpetuating and exacerbating wealth disparities, the authors of the study concluded. See also: JP Morgan Chase's Home Loans in Oakland Mostly Went to White and Wealthy Residents The study analyzed bank lending data for the year 2013 that was obtained from the federal government. The twelve largest banks, measured by the total dollar amount of loans originated in California, were included in the study. The authors compared Oakland, Fresno, and Long Beach because these cities are of similar size and have racially diverse populations, and they represent different geographic areas of the state with different economies. The data analyzed by the Greenlining Institute and Urban Strategies Council showed that major banks are making far fewer total mortgage loans in Oakland compared to Fresno and Long Beach. “Despite comparable populations, Oakland had less than one quarter as many loan applications and originations as Long Beach and Fresno,” the report states. It’s unclear why major banks are approving fewer home loans in Oakland, but it may be due to Oakland’s increasingly unaffordable prices, and the presence of cash investors who crowd out buyers who need bank loans to close a deal. Whatever the cause, this lower level of bank lending in Oakland is compounded by racial disparities. According to the report, Black and Latino residents make up 56 percent of Oakland’s total population, but they received just 10 percent of the total dollars lent by major banks for home purchases. “Across the board, what the report shows is that Black and Latino communities were way under-represented when it comes to obtaining mortgage loans,” said Zachary Murray of the Greenlining Institute, one of the authors of the report. Greenlining Institute and Urban Strategies Council found that in 2013 the top twelve banks only approved a total of four loans for Black borrowers to purchase homes in the city of Oakland. The other 44 home mortgage loans made to Black borrowers in Oakland were refinance loans. In the same year, Latinos only obtained sixty mortgage loans in Oakland, and just seven of these were to purchase a home. By contrast, white borrowers obtained 358 mortgage loans in 2013 and 40 of these were to purchase homes. Asians obtained 186 mortgage loans, and 37 of these were to buy a home. Particular banks exhibited wide racial disparities in their mortgage lending activities. According to the report, Wells Fargo Bank, US Bank, and CashCall all exhibited much lower loan origination rates for Blacks and Latinos than for Asians and whites. A loan origination rate measures what percent of applicants for a loan are approved and receive the loan. Some banks, including Chase and Bank of America did better, originating loans at almost equal rates for Black and Latino customers as they did for white and Asian customers. But for all of the twelve banks analyzed in the report, white and Asian customers were more likely to have their loans approved than Black and Latino customers. Sasha Werblin of Greenlining, one of the authors of the study, said that lower average household wealth and income could be one reason that Blacks and Latinos are less able to obtain home loans. The economic crisis and recession of 2007-2010, and the foreclosure crisis that peaked in 2011-2012 reduced the savings of many families, and had a disproportionately harmful impact on Black and Latino households in California. But Werblin said that it is also incumbent on banks to offer sustainable and quality financial products that help them build wealth and secure housing. “What are banks doing to market to these individuals? Do they have products that would fit the needs of these individuals?” said Weblin in a previous interview. The full report can be downloaded here. « Wednesday Must Reads: Oakland…  |  Thursday Must Reads: Four OPD… »   Sort Oldest to Newest Newest to Oldest Most Liked Comments (10) Showing 1-10 of 10 Add a comment   Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Showing 1-10 of 10 Comment Add a comment Anonymous and pseudonymous comments will be removed. Subscribe to this thread Author Archives Tobacco Industry Lobbyists Descend on Oakland to Oppose Ban of Flavored Blunt Wrappers and Cigars by Darwin BondGraham Jun 7, 2017 Town Business: Oakland Isn't Meeting Its Affordable Housing Goals; Is the City Discriminating in Contracting? by Darwin BondGraham Jun 5, 2017 More» Readers also liked… Oakland Bus Stop Battle Continues, Outcome Unclear by Sydney Johnson Apr 13, 2016 UC Berkeley Police Lieutenant Allegedly Sent Racist Email to Chief by Darwin BondGraham Aug 19, 2016 Building Engulfed by Deadly Oakland Fire Had Pending Habitability Complaints City inspectors visited the building on November 14. by Darwin BondGraham Dec 3, 2016 Most Popular Stories Viewed Shared Commented Videos Tobacco Industry Lobbyists Descend on Oakland to Oppose Ban of Flavored Blunt Wrappers and Cigars Oakland City Council Fights Over How to Reduce Homicides, Violence Oakland Councilmember Rebecca Kaplan Sponsoring Legislation to Cut Police Ties with Immigration Enforcement Town Business: Landlords Defeat Bill to Preserve Oakland's SROs and Mayor Schaaf Will 'Set Aside' Soda Tax Revenue Former Tennis Pro Says East Bay Landlord Michael Marr Was Major Player in Scheme to Rig Foreclosure Auctions Alameda Sheriff Deputy's Arrest of Street Fruit Vendor Goes Viral and Draws Criticism Hayward Tweeted an Image of a Taco, and the Phrase 'Let's Taco Bout It,' to Promote Tonight's Sanctuary-City Discussion Parents, Teachers, and Students at Oakland Charter School Accuse Leadership of Mismanagement Trial Begins for East Bay Landlord Accused of Rigging Foreclosure Auctions Defense attorneys complain tenants and protesters outside the courthouse may have 'tainted' jurors. BART Police Accused of Illegally Collecting Private Cell Phone Data and Tracking Riders Through App Alameda Sheriff Deputy's Arrest of Street Fruit Vendor Goes Viral and Draws Criticism Comments (30) Parents, Teachers, and Students at Oakland Charter School Accuse Leadership of Mismanagement Comments (13) Amid Calls to 'Defund' Oakland Police, City Settles $989,000 Claim of Sexually Exploited Teen 'Celeste Guap' Comments (11) Oakland Councilmember Rebecca Kaplan Sponsoring Legislation to Cut Police Ties with Immigration Enforcement Comments (4) Trial Begins for East Bay Landlord Accused of Rigging Foreclosure Auctions Defense attorneys complain tenants and protesters outside the courthouse may have 'tainted' jurors. Comments (4) City of Oakland ‘Bulldozer’ Hit A Homeless Man While He Was Sleeping In A Tent Debris and garbage is increasingly an issue at homeless encampments. But homeless residents claim that the 'bulldozer' trashed and destroyed their personal belongings and valuables. 'It was horrible, just ridiculous.' Recent Issues May 31, 2017 May 24, 2017 May 17, 2017 May 10, 2017 May 3, 2017 Apr 26, 2017 More Issues Best of the East Bay 2017 Best Of Nominees OTHER YEARS 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 About Us Advertise National Advertising Staff Jobs Newsletters & eLerts Privacy Policy Terms of Use Report a Problem RSS Contact Us Site Map Your Profile Check Out Food, Music and Arts in Other Cities © 2017 East Bay Express    All Rights Reserved Powered by Foundation
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe The Daily Prophet: That Turned Out to Be a Whole Lot of Nothing Connecting the dots in global markets. by Robert Burgess @burgessansm More stories by Robert Burgess June 8, 2017, 4:30 PM EDT From It was supposed to be a day perfectly suited for volatility-starved traders, with former FBI director James Comey testifying to the Senate Intelligence Committee about Russian meddling in the U.S. election, the U.K. holding a general election, and the European Central Bank announcing its decision on monetary policy. They even came up with a name for it: Super Thursday. What they got was more of the same, which is to say subdued markets with little volatility. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The Standard & Poor's 500 Index fluctuated in a range of 0.5 percent as the CBOE Volatility Index, also known as the “fear gauge,” held at historically low levels. JPMorgan's G-7 volatility index of currencies is trading at some of its lowest levels of the year. The U.S. bond market did move, but only around the little-changed mark. Investors and strategists are not quite sure what to make of the current low levels of volatility permeating most markets. Some say it reflects unwarranted complacency. Others say it's a byproduct of all the cash printed by central banks in recent years sloshing around the global financial system. DRAGHI DISAPPOINTS EURO BULLS To be honest, there were some fireworks -- firecrackers? -- in the euro Thursday after the ECB left interest rates and policies unchanged while trimming expectations for inflation through 2019. While that was largely expected, the shared currency fell as ECB President Mario Draghi said in his news conference that the euro area still isn’t generating enough inflation, overshadowing improved prospects for the economy that led officials to upgrade their growth assessment. The change in the assessment of risks for the economy sets the scene for the ECB to start a discussion about the timing for the removal of the stimulus, though the tone of Draghi’s appearance suggests officials aren’t yet ready for such a debate, according to Bloomberg News's Piotr Skolimowski and Maria Tadeo. Traders were expecting a more hawkish-sounding Draghi after amassing the biggest bullish wager on the euro in more than six years as measured by Commodity Futures Trading Commission data. ITALY REWARDS THE PATIENT BULLS There's been a lot of angst lately over Italy -- specifically, the deteriorating state of its banking system and its unstable political system. For one day, at least, those worries receded as both the stock and bond markets were among the biggest gainers in the world as the prospects of Italian elections leading to either a hung parliament or a win for the anti-establishment Five Star Movement, or both, were suddenly downsized. The euro region’s third-biggest economy unexpectedly moved away from a possible vote this fall after a multiparty agreement on a new election law failed to hold up in parliament, according to Bloomberg News's Lorenzo Totaro. The yield on the Italian 10-year bond fell 14 basis points to 2.16 percent, narrowing the yield spread with German bunds to 189 basis points at 4:20 p.m. local time. The FTSE MIB benchmark index of stocks was up 1.3 percent. Investors had said that the agreement on an electoral law was a negative, given that a nonmarket-friendly party could win.  THERE'S A SURPRISE IN THE ECONOMIC SURPRISE DATA Indexes that measure the economic data that exceed forecasts relative to those that miss have been on the decline -- and that's not the worst of it. An even more disconcerting trend is the recent dip in the Bloomberg Economic Surprise Index when survey data is excluded, according to Bloomberg Intelligence chief economist Michael McDonough. This looks at economists’ expectations for hard data, such as industrial production and retail sales, versus the actual release data. Unlike the survey-based indicator, this index never experienced a surge following the U.S. election, and it has actually turned negative over the past several months. A steep increase in survey-based data has typically augured an eventual improvement in hard economic data, according to McDonough. But a lack of progress on Donald Trump’s fiscal agenda and only gradual improvements in the U.S. economy indicate that this will not be the case. Growth in the current quarter may be above 3 percent, due to payback from the first quarter's 1 percent reading, but the underlying trend appears to be holding steady at close to 2 percent, McDonough wrote in a research note. NET WORTH IS RISING, BUT LIABILITIES ARE RISING FASTER First, the good news. The net worth of U.S. households and nonprofit groups rose by $2.35 trillion, or 2.5 percent, to $94.84 trillion in the first quarter from the previous three-month period, the Federal Reserve said Thursday. Household wealth has grown, boosted mostly by a 5.5 percent gain in the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index last quarter and house price appreciation that matched the biggest year-over-year increase since 2014, according to Bloomberg News's Shobhana Chandra. Now, the bad news. Household debt increased at a faster rate, or 3.2 percent, as mortgage borrowing advanced at a 3 percent pace. Other forms of consumer credit, including auto and student loans, climbed at a 5 percent rate, the slowest since 2013. Although measures of consumer confidence have risen since the U.S. elections in November, that hasn't necessarily translated into spending, helping to temper economic growth. TEA LEAVES In a few hours, the world will have a good idea of the U.K. election results. The first indications will come at 10 p.m. London time, when broadcasters release an exit poll for an election dominated by Brexit, austerity and, in the closing phases, security, according to Bloomberg News's Thomas Penny and Svenja O'Donnell. While such surveys have generally been accurate in the past, they are not precise and the final result will not be known until Friday morning. Prime Minister Theresa May seems to have done her best to squander a sure thing, and Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has made an unlikely surge. With some polls showing May's Conservatives losing a comfortable lead, traders are now entertaining two potential shocks: a hung Parliament in which no party has enough seats for an overall majority without a coalition, and a victory by socialist Corbyn, whose spending agenda may offset pledges to soften Brexit. Bloomberg News's Cecile Gutscher reports that a hung Parliament would knock at least 5 percent off the value of the pound, according to Citigroup forecasts. A win by Labour would weaken the pound as much as 15 percent versus the dollar. If you’d like to get The Daily Prophet in e-mail form, right in your inbox, please subscribe to this link. Thanks! DON'T MISS Stop Waiting for 'All Clear' Signal From Markets: Ben Carlson Who Says Consumer Debt Is Irrelevant?: Danielle DiMartino Booth The Study ECB Rate-Setters Should Read: Ferdinando Giugliano How to Fix Failed Banks, and How Not To: Leonid Bershidsky Oil-Rich Texas Isn't Really the New Saudi Arabia: Justin Fox This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Snap Is Year's Most-Shorted Tech IPO Before Lockup Ends Alibaba's Jack Ma Gets $2.8 Billion Richer in One Day Pound Drops as U.K. Exit Poll Unnerves Investors: Markets Wrap Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Morgan Stanley Warns There's a ‘Buyer's Strike’ Coming for Cars Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
null
null
null
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING: Stock Futures Firm As U.K. Outcome Unclear Market Trend Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Stock Market Today Stocks Pull Off Narrow Win, But These Four Soared To New Highs ALAN R. ELLIOTT 6/08/2017 Reprints XAutoplay: On | OffTech stocks once again set the example as a late rally on Thursday hauled the Dow industrials and the S&P 500 out of shallow losses to a positive finish. The Nasdaq ended 0.4% higher, enough to notch a new closing high and turn the index positive for the week.  The Dow Jones industrial average and the S&P 500 scratched only the thinnest of gains, although the Dow did manage to jab briefly to a fresh high earlier in the session. Both indexes remain down for the week. Small caps ran well ahead of the general market, with Russell 2000 and the S&P SmallCap 600 each rallying 1.4%. Preliminary data showed volume sharply higher on both the NYSE and the Nasdaq vs. trading levels on Wednesday. Alibaba, Yahoo, Nvidia, HealthEquity Seize New Highs Stocks on the Dow industrials ended half higher, half lower. JPMorgan (JPM), Goldman Sachs (GS) and Caterpillar (CAT) bandied about the lead, each ending up more than 1.2%. Merck (MRK) narrowed its late loss to 1.3% after Newlink Genetics (NLNK) announced Genentech would return the rights to NewLink's navoximod following disappointing results in a joint trial that tested Genentech's indoximod in combination with Merck's keytruda. The move left Merck down 4% for the week and testing support at its 40-week moving average. The low-priced Newlink unraveled 41%. China's Alibaba Group Holdings (BABA) lofted 13% higher, snapping far past a 126.50 buy point in a three-weeks tight pattern.  The online retail and e-commerce giant, also an IBD 50 and Leaderboard stock, announced full year revenue guidance far above consensus views at its investors day conference. Yahoo (YHOO) topped the S&P 500 and Nasdaq 100 with a 10% advance. The rise came partly from Yahoo's 15% stake in Alibaba, but news reports that Verizon (VZ) planned to trim yahoo's work force by 2,100 during its integration with AOL may also have been a factor. The gain sent shares past Yahoo's November 2014 peak. Chipmaker Nvidia (NVDA) hurtled ahead 7% after Citigroup lifted the stock's price target. That put the IBD 50 stock up 11% so far for the week and extended well into new highs. Health savings manager HealthEquity (HQY) popped 3% in heavy trade. After a strong quarterly report delivered late Tuesday, the stock has surged and is extended above a 49.35 buy point. Europe is likely to be a factor in early trade Friday as results come in from today's parliamentary elections in the U.K. Late polls showed Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative party with a significant lead over the Labour party. May hopes the snap election with strengthen her backing in Parliament and support negotiations on Britain's withdrawal from the European Union. RELATED: Amex Heads For A Buy Point, Rivals Near Sell: Investing Action Plan ECB Takes Baby Step, But Draghi's In No Rush To Curb Stimulus ALAN R. ELLIOTT | Facebook | @IBD_Aelliott Share this: Related news Dow, S&P 500 Futures: U.K. Election Raises More Questions 6/09/2017 Stock futures were steady early Friday as the U.K. looked headed to a hung Parliament as Conservatives lose an outright... 6/09/2017 Stock futures were steady early Friday as the U.K. looked... Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis Alibaba Soars On This Stunning Growth Forecast This Former Big Winner Bank Stock Is Trying To Vault Higher Again Nvidia Stock Could Double In Bull Case; eBay, PayPal Hit Highs On Analysts This Financial Giant Is A Buy As Banks Test Key Levels Automotive Industry News, Self-Driving Cars And Stocks To Watch Best Chinese Stocks To Buy And Watch Indexes Mostly Unchanged As More Breakouts Emerge; Financials Perk Up Today's Spotlight Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Boston (6/10) or St. Louis (6/24) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Current with Retail Stocks Want to know how HD, MCD, & WMT are doing? View our latest news and investing insight. More News Lasers and highly powerful electronic inspection systems play increasingly vital roles in manufacturing processes too minute for human eyes and hands. (Imaginechina/newscom) Lasers, Chips, Molecules And Microbes: 3 Names In Pursuit Of A Flawless Future Stock With 1,631% Earnings Growth, 5% Dividend Tests Buy Zone Get the #1 trading app in the App Store from TD Ameritrade Promoted Content By TD Ameritrade Special Report IBD/TIPP Poll: Economic Optimism Index The IBD/TIPP Economic Optimism Index held steady in June at 51.3 and remains 2.1 points above its all-time average. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
null
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results . While you were sleeping: Wall St ekes out slight gain in volatile session Margreet Dietz Friday June 9, 2017 Share ECB President Mario Draghi says the risks on euro area growth outlook are broadly balanced Play NBR radio on Wall Street ended slightly higher after a volatile session that touched record highs and also losses as investors assessed the impact of testimony by recently-fired FBI Director James Comey to Congress. At the close of trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 8.84 popints, or 0.04%, to 21,182.53. The Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.4% to 6321.76 and the Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 0.03% to 2433.79. Earlier in the day, the Dow touched a record high 21,265.69 while the Nasdaq climbed to a record 6318.39. However, US stock futures slipped an hour after the close as UK exit polls suggested the governing Conservative Party failed to achieve an overall majority in Thursday’s election. The UK pound fell 1.3% against the dollar at $US1.2781 in late New York trading. Stocks followed a pattern of trading that has been largely immune to political ructions at home and abroad. No alarmist view "I think the market is taking less of an alarmist review of this situation [Comey's testimony] because there is no smoking gun here," Thomas Simons, money market economist at Jefferies & Co in New York, told Reuters. "So it's not particularly impactful for thinking about ... Trump's economic agenda to go through." The Dow was buoyed by gaions in financial stocks, with Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase both up 1.5%, while Merck and Walt Disney led the decliners. Shares of Nordstrom jumped 10% after the company said members of the Nordstrom family have formed a group to explore the possibility of pursuing a "going private transaction." Shares of Yahoo surged 10.2% to its highest close since 2000 after reports that about 2100 people at the firm and at AOL would lose their jobs after Verizon Communications completes its acquisition. This was immediately after shareholders approved the transaction. The yield on the 10-year US Treasury note rose to 2.195% from 2.180% on Wednesday.  Stocks stall in Europe In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index finished the day at 389.15, barely budging from the previous close. France's CAC40 Index edged 0.02% lower, while the UK's FTSE 100 Index slid 0.4% and Germany's DAX Index rose 0.3%. The euro declined after the European Central Bank kept its interest rates unchanged, and upgraded its growth forecast while cutting its expectations for inflation. The ECB now predicts the region's gross domestic product will expand at 1.9% in 2017, up from its previous estimate for 1.8% previously, while it sees 2018 growth at 1.8%, up from its previous forecast for 1.7%. "The risks surrounding the euro area growth outlook are considered to be broadly balanced," ECB President Mario Draghi said at a press conference in Tallinn, Estonia. "On the one hand, the current positive cyclical momentum increases the chances of a stronger than expected economic upswing. "On the other hand, downside risks relating to predominantly global factors continue to exist." Interest rates on hold The central bank also said that the Governing Council expects the key ECB interest rates "to remain at their present levels for an extended period of time, and well past the horizon of the net asset purchases." It no longer mentioned the potential to cut rates. "Even though [the ECB decision] was well telegraphed over the last 24 hours, the future expectations on inflation came in a bit lower than the market had been anticipating," Dean Popplewell, chief currency strategist at Oanda in Toronto, told Reuters. "That sort of weighed on the euro." (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Related Articles:  While you were sleeping: Bond fund manager warns of US market risk Thu 8 Jun 17 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7200 0.0013 0.18% AUD 0.9551 0.0019 0.20% EUR 0.6426 0.0040 0.63% GBP 0.5617 0.0071 1.28% HKD 5.6143 0.0127 0.23% JPY 79.2250 0.2360 0.30% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1279.5 -8.710 2017-06-08T00: Oil Brent 48.3 -0.270 2017-06-08T00: Oil Nymex 45.9 -0.110 2017-06-08T00: Silver Index 17.4 -0.210 2017-06-08T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7458.7 7458.7 7458.7 -0.30% NASDAQ 6311.7 6324.1 6297.4 0.39% DAX 12688.5 12740.4 12672.5 0.32% DJI 21169.8 21265.7 21173.7 0.04% FTSE 7450.0 7480.3 7450.0 0.38% HKSE 26090.3 26090.3 26063.1 -0.47% NI225 19953.1 20096.0 19909.3 0.52% ASX 5676.6 5691.8 5676.6 0.02% Most Popular Read NZ dollar climbs vs British pound as hung parliament looms in UK Some Vodafone customers suffer fourth day of spam deluge Entrepreneur visa attracts 300 applicants from around the world in first year, Woodhouse says MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares fall as UK election creates Brexit uncertainty; Xero, Comvita, Auckland Airport down ‘Lordy, I hope there are tapes’ – Comey Commented Government looks at special purpose vehicles to fund Auckland Council to support housing ‘Lordy, I hope there are tapes’ – Comey Opinion: Congratulations, Sir John Online advertising: Vodafone says it will blacklist sites that run hate speech or fake news Govt, Akl Council investigate peak hour traffic tolls to cut congestion Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Hotels expert Dean Humphries discusses the effect Auckland Mayor Phil Goff's 'pillow tax' will have on new development ASB Tim Kelleher says the kiwi is likely to jump to almost 60p against the pound if Jeremy Corbyn wins the UK election KPMG chief executive Godfrey Boyce reveals findings of new Global CEOs Survey Energy expert Neil Walbran on how the costs of adaptation to Paris Agreement need careful thought Northland Waste's Ray Lambert looks at where the council is going wrong with community recycling schemes NBR Radio: best of the week ended June 9, with Grant Walker Only available on Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: Wall St ekes out slight gain in volatile session
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 84° Overcast Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Shioi Construction donates vehicle Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:45 am NAWILIWILI — Kelvin Moniz, executive director of the Kauai Independent Food Bank, said they really needed the van Wednesday when representatives of Shioi Construction turned over keys to a vehicle to the food bank. Comments (0) Consulting group presents findings on makeup of Kekaha Landfill Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:30 am LIHUE — Waste from construction sites and paper products are the most common kinds of waste at the Kekaha Landfill. Comments (2) Recent Schatz: town core, traffic and PMRF priorities KLA safety tools offered Road closures for Kamehameha Day Parade Interim superintendent named Man pleads guilty to kidnapping Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Pono ends with 2-1 record in Kalaheo Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:00 am KALAHEO — Kaulupono 8G’s Kierstin Gummerus netted a game-high 15 points and Kaye Serapio added 11 points to lead the Westside girls to a 38-19 win over the 8G A‘o Uka Rebels during the youth summer basketball league games played at the Kalaheo Neighborhood Center. Comments (0) Kauai tennis trio heading to Arizona Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — Michael and Mark Fitzgerald, 11, and Hi‘ilani Williams, 9, will be packing their tennis rackets when they leave for Tucson, Arizona in July. Comments (0) Recent Rapozo, Acoba take Mana drag racing honors Green gives Lakers life Hole-in-ones in Wailua Molokai Farmer finds gold in Waimea Leigh Idica earns The Swimmer of the Meet award Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Here’s hoping grant helps end substance abuse Posted: June 06, 2017 - 12:05 am Just say no to drugs. Comments (0) Auditor’s Office not removed from county budget Posted: June 05, 2017 - 12:05 am The Garden Island erroneously reported in its June 2 editorial that the Office of the County Auditor was eliminated during the Kauai County Council’s fiscal year 2017-18 budget decision-making session. Comments (3) Recent Old Kalapaki recalled at the opening of the Kauai Surf Hotel Soo-yun schemes, Bong-hee is jealous Talk Story with Chucky Boy Chock Proper steps can help with sciatica recovery Protect herbivorous fish to protect coral reefs Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Feast for the senses Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:15 am KAPAA — Yes, Taste of Hawaii is about food, drink and music. Comments (0) A time to dance Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — The West Kauai Hongwanji Hanapepe Temple will be the site of the first bon dance of the Kauai Buddhist Council Bon Dance schedule. Comments (0) Recent Kachi kachi the night away In the name of rain TGIFr!day for June 2, 2017 The music lives on! The Kitchen at Papaya’s Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home Business National and International Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Story Comments Image (9) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher A stock trader at the New York Stock Exchange watches former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as Comey testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher A stock trader at the New York Stock Exchange watches former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher A Goldman Sachs stock trader at the New York Stock Exchange listens to former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Glenn Carell, second from right, works with other stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange, Thursday, June 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher A stock trader at the New York Stock Exchange listens to former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange watch former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange watch former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange watch former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange watch former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Posted: Thursday, June 8, 2017 11:22 am | Updated: 12:09 pm, Thu Jun 8, 2017. Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Associated Press | 0 comments Financial companies led U.S. stock indexes higher Thursday, nudging the Nasdaq composite index to a record high. The latest gains came as the stock market continued to trade mostly in a narrow range in the absence of major new economic data and ahead of next week's meeting of Federal Reserve policymakers. Speculation that the Fed will raise interest rates helped boost financial stocks for the second day in a row. Higher interest rates allow banks and credit card issuers to charge more for loans, which boosts profits. Utilities and consumer goods companies were among the biggest decliners. Energy stocks also fell as crude oil prices declined. "(Today) is a continuation of fairly muted market action," Bill Northey, chief investment officer at U.S. Bank Wealth Management. "We've been in a very low volatility period of time. We're also a bit between material economic events." The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 0.65 points, or 0.03 percent, to 2,433.79. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 8.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 21,182.53. Both indexes remain slightly below their record highs set last Friday. The Nasdaq added 24.38 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,321.76. Small-company stocks fared better than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index climbed 18.94 points, or 1.4 percent, to 1,415.61. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.19 percent from 2.18 percent late Wednesday. Stocks wavered between small gains and losses through much of the day as investors tuned in to watch former FBI Director James Comey testify before Congress as part of the investigation into Russian meddling into the U.S. presidential election. In his testimony, Comey's first public statements since his May 9 dismissal, he told Congress that President Donald Trump's administration spread "lies" about him and the FBI after his abrupt firing in May. Comey also asserted that Trump fired him to interfere with his investigation of Russia's role in the 2016 election and its ties to the Trump campaign. Stock indexes barely budged throughout the hearing, the public portion of which wrapped around midday. "Today did not turn into a market event, nor did it accelerate the path toward further progress on the legislative and administrative agenda," Northey said. Investors have been looking for more progress out of the White House on its agenda to cut taxes, increase infrastructure spending and implement other business-friendly policies. The Republican-led House took steps Thursday to advance Trump's pledge to ease regulations on businesses by taking a vote on legislation that would undo the stricter banking rules that took effect after the devastating 2008 financial crisis. That helped lift bank stocks. Goldman Sachs Group picked up $2.98, or 1.4 percent, to $218.76. JPMorgan Chase added $1.04, or 1.2 percent, to $84.95. Regions Financial gained 44 cents, or 3.2 percent, to $14.03. Traders also welcomed news that members of the Nordstrom family are considering taking the company private. Like Macy's and other big department store chains, Nordstrom has struggled to cope with competition from online retailers. The company, which has 354 stores in the U.S. and Canada, has seen its stock tumble by half since early 2015. On Thursday, the stock soared $4.15, or 10.3 percent, to $44.63. Several companies that reported improved earnings or outlooks also traded higher. Verint Systems rose 3.2 percent after the maker of software for analyzing intercepted communications had a strong first quarter. The stock added $1.35 to $43.45. Investors cheered Alibaba Group Holding's latest revenue forecast. Shares in the Chinese e-commerce company gained $16.70, or 13.3 percent, to $142.34. Some companies failed to impress traders. Urban Outfitters slid 10.3 percent after the retailer said sales at older stores are running lower than expected this month. That followed weak sales in May. The stock shed $1.88 to $16.35. Benchmark U.S. crude wavered for much of the day before sliding 8 cents to settle at $45.64 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 20 cents to close at $47.86 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline held steady at $1.49 per gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.42 per gallon. Natural gas added 1 cent to $3.03 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar rose to 109.94 yen from Wednesday's 109.83 yen. The euro weakened to $1.1222 from $1.1252. In metals trading, gold fell $13.70, or 1.1 percent, to $1,279.50 per ounce. Silver lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $17.41 per ounce. Copper gained 6 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $2.61 per pound. European stock markets were mixed after the European Central Bank kept its stimulus program unchanged. ECB President Mario Draghi said Thursday that risks to the European economic recovery have diminished. Germany's DAX rose 0.3 percent, while France's CAC 40 slipped 0.2 percent. Britain's FTSE 100 fell 0.4 percent as Britain went to the polls in a general election. In Asia, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 0.3 percent, while South Korea's Kospi edged up 0.2 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.3 percent. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business Standout Oregon State pitcher has sex case in past ARTICLE: Standout Oregon State pitcher has sex case in past ARTICLE: Environmental groups try to block Montana mine expansion ARTICLE: Hawaii coffee farmer must return to Mexico in 30 days Colorado marijuana market funds busts of illegal growers More about General News ARTICLE: Alabama to execute man for '94 killing of fast-food workers Alabama to execute man for '94 killing of fast-food workers Kiwis beat British to reach America's Cup challenger finals Kiwis beat British to reach America's Cup challenger finals Kiwis beat British to reach America's Cup challenger finals More about Government And Politics ARTICLE: Alabama to execute man for '94 killing of fast-food workers Alabama to execute man for '94 killing of fast-food workers ARTICLE: The Latest: 11th Circuit denies stay request for inmate ARTICLE: Environmental groups try to block Montana mine expansion The Latest: Ex-minister: It will be hard to form government Discuss Print   Posted in National and International, National on Thursday, June 8, 2017 11:22 am. Updated: 12:09 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Government And Politics, Brent Crude Markets, Crude Oil Markets, Energy Markets, Commodity Markets, Financial Markets, Currency Markets, Retail Industry, Retail And Wholesale, Consumer Services, Consumer Products And Services, Japanese Yen, Stock Indices And Averages, Stock Markets, Stock Prices, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy, Sales Figures, Financial Performance, Corporate News, Banking And Credit, Financial Services, Legislature, Consumer Product Manufacturing, Financial Crisis, Banking And Credit Regulation, Financial Industry Regulation, Industry Regulation, Government Business And Finance, Government Regulations, Oil And Gas Industry, Energy Industry, Record Setting Events, Prices | Location Tags: United Kingdom, Western Europe, Europe, United States, North America, Russia, Eastern Europe, East Asia, Asia Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Teacher recovering from hit-and-run accident Council approves pursuing grant to move Hanalei overlook Rose-ringed solution Kauai Humane Society overflowing Franciscan Sisters leave St. Theresa after 71 years All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (38) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Online poll Who will win the NBA Championship? Total Votes: 377 Cleveland (Yay) 30 8% Golden State (Boo) 166 44% I don’t follow basketball and don’t care. 181 48% Loading… Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
null
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search JPMorgan’s COO, once seen as Dimon heir apparent, to exit bank ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More JPMorgan’s COO, once seen as Dimon heir apparent, to exit bank Published June 08, 2017 Business Leaders FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print A J.P. Morgan logo is seen in New York City, U.S. January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith (Copyright Reuters 2017) After 13 years at the company, JPMorgan Chase (JPM) Chief Operating Officer Matt Zames, who was widely seen as a possible successor to current CEO Jamie Dimon, is leaving, according to an internal memo. Continue Reading Below “Matt has worked tireless across many disciplines to help make us a better company. We are extremely grateful for his efforts and appreciate his enormous contributions,” Dimon said in the memo to staff Thursday. In 2013, Zames fully assumed the COO role after sharing the job with Frank Bisignano, who departed for payroll processor First Data Corporation. Zames has held many leadership positions at the bank including his role in helping navigate the company through the 2008 financial crisis and its aftermath, and his work transforming the chief investment office and Treasury area. He’s also overseen JPMorgan’s Military Affairs group, helping place veterans into various roles within the organization. According to the Wall Street Journal, Zames's departure came after he sought to lead a business unit within the bank, but was unsuccessful because there wasn't expected movement among top JPMorgan executives. More on this: Jamie Dimon on America's big problem: Millions of men missing from labor market Zames will remain at the company “in the coming weeks” to help with the transition process. Though Dimon outlined details about the new reporting organization in the memo, no details were provided about who would succeed Zames as COO. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Shares of JPMorgan rose $1.66, or 1.98% in recent action to $85.55.   What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
null
null
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING: Stock Futures Firm As U.K. Outcome Unclear Market Trend Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists Stock Market Today Indexes Mostly Unchanged As More Breakouts Emerge; Financials Perk Up KEN SHREVE 6/08/2017 Reprints XAutoplay: On | OffThe major stock indexes held modest gains with just over one hour remaining in Thursday's session on a busy day for headlines. Former FBI Director James Comey's testimony in front of the Senate Intelligence committee got a lot of attention. So did the European Central Bank's monetary policy statement and the U.K. general election. The Dow Jones industrial average and S&P 500 edged lower, while the Nasdaq composite inched higher. The small-cap Russell 2000 surged 1.3%. Volume on the NYSE and Nasdaq was tracking higher than Wednesday's levels. Goldman Sachs (GS) and JPMorgan (JPM) outperformed in the Dow with gains of around 1.5%. Financials turned in solid showings as the 10-year Treasury yield edged higher to 2.20%. East West Bancorp (EWBC) jumped 4% to 56.73 as it vies for a breakout over a 57.34 buy point. Volume was on pace to be slightly below average. In the stock market today, beaten-down department-store operators outperformed on news that Nordstrom (JWN) is considering going private. Shares jumped 9% but were well off session highs. Department stores have been hit hard by selling in recent months as fundamentals deteriorate because of the continued boom in online shopping. Inside the IBD 50, several names outperformed again, including Alibaba (BABA). Shares soared 11% after the company significantly raised its sales guidance for the current year. Shares of Yahoo (YHOO), which still owns a piece of Alibaba, jumped nearly 9% on the news. Meanwhile, IBD 50 component Nvidia (NVDA) soared 6% to 158.29 on bullish comments from Citigroup. The chip firm hasn't looked back after a bullish base breakout in May over a 121.02 buy point. Thursday's session was light on breakouts, but Sierra Wireless (SWIR) delivered one. The stock vaulted 6% to 31.38, clearing a 29.59 cup-with-handle buy point. The small cap is a formidable player in the Internet of Things market, where everyday devices are connected to the internet TTM Technologies (TTMI) cleared a flat base with a conventional entry at 17.96. Shares jumped 5% to 18.17. RELATED: Alibaba Soars On This Stunning Growth Forecast This Financial Giant Is A Buy As Banks Test Key Levels Nvidia Stock Could Double In Bull Case; eBay, PayPal Targets Upped KEN SHREVE | Facebook | @IBD_KShreve Share this: Related news Dow, S&P 500 Futures: U.K. Election Raises More Questions 6/09/2017 Stock futures were steady early Friday as the U.K. looked headed to a hung Parliament as Conservatives lose an outright... 6/09/2017 Stock futures were steady early Friday as the U.K. looked... Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis Alibaba Soars On This Stunning Growth Forecast This Former Big Winner Bank Stock Is Trying To Vault Higher Again Nordstrom Nearly Halves Gain As Family Explores 'Going Private' Stocks Pull Off Narrow Win, But These Four Soared To New Highs This Financial Giant Is A Buy As Banks Test Key Levels This Retailer's Q2 Is Already Worse Than Anticipated Best Chinese Stocks To Buy And Watch Today's Spotlight Try Leaderboard IBD Leaderboard is outperforming the S&P 500 by 27%. Start a 2-week FREE trial. IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Boston (6/10) or St. Louis (6/24) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Current with Retail Stocks Want to know how HD, MCD, & WMT are doing? View our latest news and investing insight. More News Lasers and highly powerful electronic inspection systems play increasingly vital roles in manufacturing processes too minute for human eyes and hands. (Imaginechina/newscom) Lasers, Chips, Molecules And Microbes: 3 Names In Pursuit Of A Flawless Future Stock With 1,631% Earnings Growth, 5% Dividend Tests Buy Zone Why Rising Rates are Good for High Yield Credit Promoted Content By AB (AllianceBernstein) Special Report IBD/TIPP Poll: Economic Optimism Index The IBD/TIPP Economic Optimism Index held steady in June at 51.3 and remains 2.1 points above its all-time average. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Tesla (TSLA) resets all-time highs, eclipses $60B in market cap >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Will Reward Your Patience Rates have fallen all year long, making it tough for BAC and other banks to grow the bottom line, but... By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Jun 8, 2017, 12:23 pm EDT Get BAC alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock When This Happens Recent Posts: Why NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK), Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) and Dell Technologies Inc (DVMT) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Will Reward Your Patience Don’t Buy the Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Stock Hype View All Posts There’s no sugar-coating the fact that the past three months haven’t been great ones for Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) shareholders. While BAC stock rallied 33% between the election of President Donald Trump and early March, it has pulled back 12% in the meantime as every aspect of Trump’s agenda has hit a headwind. Source: Shutterstock Reports from a week ago that Q2 trading revenue was down on a year-over-year basis — as was the case with JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) and others — certainly didn’t help the bullish case either. All of those are sideshow, though. The main event is (still) going to play out over the course of this year, and it bodes bullishly for Bank of America. Interest Rates Make a World of Difference All the other facets have been interesting, but they all pale in comparison to the proverbial big Kahuna that owners of BAC stock should have their eye on. That’s interest rates, which should ratchet higher to the tune of 25 basis points when the Federal Reserve gets a chance to put such a change in place on the 14th. As of the most recent look, traders are betting — with actual money — there’s a 98% chance we will indeed see such a rate increase. Investors who’ve been keeping close tabs on the bond market may well know, however, that interest rates have been falling of late. Since late December, 30-year Treasury yields have peeled back from 3.18% to 2.85%, while 10-year government bond yields have slipped from a March peak of 2.61% to 2.2% now. In both cases, the interest rates are still in a broad downtrend. That’s not how it’s supposed to be. Not only did the FOMC impose a quarter-point rate hike in March, traders are (literally) betting on at least another rate hike in June, and they’re leaning on at least one more bump-up in interest rates later in 2017. The general consensus outside of the Fed-funds futures market is two more increases in interest rates this year. Nevertheless, market-driven interest rates are tumbling when they shouldn’t be, and it’s the prevailing interest rates that make banking more or less profitable. In general, the higher interest rates are, the greater the spread, or difference, between a bank’s borrowing costs and its lending revenue. Indeed, BofA threw out some detailed numbers that end last year suggesting 100 basis points worth of higher interest rates could add $6 billion worth of income to Bank of America’s annual bottom line. For perspective, the bank earned $16.2 billion last year; the potential for earnings growth is significant. It wasn’t empty rhetoric either. When market rates soared late last year in anticipation of this year’s rate hikes, it led to a 43% year-over-year increase in the company’s Q4 income. A huge chunk of that growth was attributable to higher interest rates. Not Panning Out? Not So Fast. In that light, the fact that interest rates have fallen in the meantime is understandably concerning to BAC stock holders. So what gives? The disconnect is what can and does happen when traders are left to their own devices. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/why-bank-of-america-corp-bac-stock-will-reward-your-patience/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks With More Upside Going Forward Than Alphabet 5 MLPs to Win From Trump’s Tax Plan 7 Funds to Build an All-Weather Portfolio The 7 Best Sin Stocks from the Vice Fund 4 Homebuilding Stocks That Are Suddenly at Risk A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks With More Upside Than Alphabet 7 Vanguard Funds to Build an All-Weather Portfolio 4 Homebuilding Stocks That Are Suddenly at Risk The 7 Best Sin Stocks from the Vice Fund (VICEX) 5 MLPs That Will Win Big From Trump’s Tax Plan Most Popular 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 60° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunny skies. High 88F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 64F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: June 9, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press Glenn Carell, second from right, works with other stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange, Thursday, June 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) AP S&P, Dow flat after Comey testimony; Nasdaq at record high By Rodrigo Campos • Reuters 8 hrs ago (…) Glenn Carell, second from right, works with other stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange, Thursday, June 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) The Associated Press Updated at 4:10 p.m. NEW YORK • The 'Trump trade' made a comeback on Thursday on Wall Street but the S&P and Dow industrials ended flat as former FBI director James Comey said President Donald Trump fired him to undermine an investigation into Russian meddling into last November's U.S. election. The Nasdaq Composite posted a record closing high boosted by gains in Nvidia and Yahoo. Traders had been on tenterhooks ahead of Comey's testimony to a Senate committee, his first since being fired by Trump on May 9. His prepared remarks had been made public Wednesday. The market's concern on the issue is whether the Trump administration can put the investigation behind it and revive momentum for their agenda of lower taxes and looser regulations. Bets on that agenda are partly behind a rally that has taken stock indexes to record highs. The Trump 'reflation trade' that favored banks and sectors linked to infrastructure spending, among others, was back Thursday, with the S&P 500 financial sector up 1.1 percent. The S&P 1500 construction and engineering index rose 1.4 percent and a gauge of construction materials' stocks added 1.5 percent. "If there was something (damning) that's going to come out, as leaky as things seem to be, we would have heard something more than what we've been hearing so far," said Scott Wren, senior global equity strategist at Wells Fargo Investment Institute in St. Louis. Also supporting infrastructure stocks, specifically steel companies, was an announcement from Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross that a national security review of the U.S. steel industry will seek to protect the interests of both domestic steel producers and consumers. The S&P 1500 steel sector index jumped 4.1 percent, the most since April 20. In his statement, Comey said the president lied in describing their encounters and that he had no doubt that Russia interfered with the election, but was confident that no votes had been altered. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 8.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to end at 21,182.53, the S&P 500 gained 0.65 point, or 0.03 percent, to 2,433.79 and the Nasdaq Composite added 24.38 points, or 0.39 percent, to 6,321.76. Other analysts were not so rosy about the effect of Comey's testimony on the Trump agenda. "It leaves us where we were before. It becomes that much more difficult for the Trump administration to put together a fiscal stimulus package," said John Canavan, market strategist at Stone & McCarthy Research Associates in Princeton, N.J. "Anything they could put together with tax reform and infrastructure spending would be a lot smaller than had been expected. You are also pushing back the timing on any fiscal stimulus into 2018, possibly in 2019." Utilities stocks fell the most on the S&P 500 as Treasury yields rose, tracking German Bund yields, after the European Central Bank upgraded its growth forecast for the euro zone even as it suggested its stimulus plan will remain in place as inflation remains subdued. How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Who's hired? Check our People in Business The S&P utilities sector was down 0.88 percent, the most since mid March. Traders kept an eye on the UK as Britons voted in a snap election predicted to give Prime Minister Theresa May a larger parliamentary majority, which she hopes will strengthen her hand in looming divorce talks with the European Union. Among specific stocks, Nordstrom jumped 10.3 percent to $44.63 after the department store operator said that some members of the controlling Nordstrom family have formed a group to consider taking the company private. Alibaba shares were up 13.3 percent to $142.34 after the company said it expects revenue growth of 45 to 49 percent in the 2018 fiscal year. Yahoo, which has a 15.5 percent stake in Alibaba, gained 10.2 percent to $55.71. Chipmaker Nvidia jumped 7.3 percent to $159.94 after Citigroup reiterated its bullish view on the stock and said longer term it could hit $300. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.36-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.98-to-1 ratio favored advancers. About 7.07 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 6.62 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Glenn Carell, second from right, works with other stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange, Thursday, June 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) The Associated Press Tags Business General News Government And Politics Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Japanese Yen Currency Markets Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets View (…) comments Most popular Musician traveling to Missouri refuses to check her 17th-century violin. A 'wrestling match' ensued. Sears to close an additional 72 stores — none in Missouri or Illinois Why did Chesterfield back out of sports complex deal? Dan Buck blames Jane Cunningham St. Louis County home values show broad increases as North County stabilizes Trump's immigration stance unnerves Indian tech students Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Deb's Retail Details Latest in section Medical research roundup Korte Co. joint venture tapped to build training facility at Air Force base Business Calendar People in Business Collective sells watches, teeth whitening and new way of doing startups Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Share your favorite motorcycle route. You could win a $100 gift card from Doc’s Harley-Davidson.® Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan operating chief to go, Dimon successor pool shrinks Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Banks | Thu Jun 8, 2017 | 11:13pm EDT JPMorgan operating chief to go, Dimon successor pool shrinks A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files By Dan Freed | NEW YORK NEW YORK JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) Chief Operating Officer Matt Zames, once seen as a likely successor to Chief Executive Jamie Dimon, will leave the bank in the coming weeks, and his duties are being split among other senior executives, the bank said on Thursday. In an internal memo announcing Zames' departure, Dimon thanked him for his 13 years of service but did not say why he was going. A person familiar with the matter said Zames, who did not return a call seeking comment, wanted to run a company on his own and saw JPMorgan's upper management ranks as too crowded. The exit stirs up, once again, one of Wall Street's favorite parlor games - trying to work out who will succeed Dimon, 61, at the helm of the largest U.S. bank. At 46, Zames was the youngest of the six contenders and had the advantage of knowing all segments of the bank, after overseeing areas including cyber security, technology and real estate. Zames also played a central role in keeping the bank stable amid financial turmoil. He helped stabilize Bear Stearns, after JPMorgan acquired the investment bank during the 2007-2009 crisis, and transformed JPMorgan's chief investment office and treasury arm after the so-called "London Whale" scandal in 2012. More recently, he was focused on critical technology and cyber functions. "While I am sad to see him leave, I respect his decision and all he has done for JPMorgan Chase," said Dimon. In the memo, Dimon detailed a new organizational structure in which the five other potential successors - Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake, Corporate and Investment Bank CEO Daniel Pinto, Consumer and Community Banking CEO Gordon Smith, Asset Management CEO Mary Erdoes and Commercial Bank CEO Doug Petno - divvy up Zames' responsibilities. With Dimon showing no inclination to relinquish his role, a raft of potential successors has left the bank in recent years. Many have gone on to lead other institutions, including Barclays PLC (BARC.L) CEO Jes Staley, Standard Chartered PLC (STAN.L) CEO Bill Winters and former Visa Inc (V.N) CEO Charles Scharf. Michael Mattioli, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management, which owns about 6 million JPMorgan shares, said the bank still has lots of highly capable leaders. "They've built up such a high quality bench that a lot of these senior executives are going to be attractive to other companies," he said. Zames will receive discretionary payments of $4.625 million on Feb. 1, 2018 and $4.5 million a year later. He has agreed not to compete with JPMorgan until Feb. 1, 2018, not to solicit clients for a year after that date and not to hire employees of the bank before Feb. 1, 2020. "Jamie has been a true mentor to me, and it has been a privilege to be a member of his team. I'm confident I will continue to benefit from his guidance and wisdom in the future," Zames said in the memo. (Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Tom Brown) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Banks Goldman Sachs boost rates for savers in bid to attract deposits U.S. savers who routinely scour personal finance sites for the best deposit rates are soon going to see an unusual bank at the top of the list: Goldman Sachs Group Inc. JPMorgan to purchase new debt for struggling Chicago schools CHICAGO The Chicago Public Schools (CPS) said it tapped JPMorgan as the winning bidder for an up to $396.5 million note deal aimed at keeping the cash-strapped district afloat. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
null
MPW Search Search Climate ChangeRichard Branson Calls President Trump ‘Naive’ For Leaving the Paris Climate Agreement United KingdomU.K. Election Deals Theresa May a Crushing Blow, Blurring Brexit Talks United KingdomSterling Drops as Theresa May Falls Short of Majority in U.K. Election EntrepreneurHere’s Where Most Startups Fail Serena Williams Only One Woman Made the List of Highest Paid Athletes in the World Jennifer Calfas,Madeline Farber Jun 08, 2017 Out of all the world's greatest athletes, Serena Williams is the only woman who ranks among the world's highest paid. The new list of Forbes's list of the world's 100 highest paid athletes in 2017, released Thursday, includes 99 male athletes, some of whom, like Williams, are at the top of their sport. Williams ranked 51st on the list, making a $27 million last year. Outside of her tournament wins (including setting the Open-era record for 23 grand slam titles), most of Williams's earnings came from more than a dozen endorsement partnerships with a variety of brands including Beats By Dre, Gatorade, JP Morgan Chase, Nike and Wilson, among others, according to Forbes. She also joined the board of SurveyMonkey in May, Forbes reports. Forbes notes that her career earnings — $84 million — is close to $50 million more than those of any other female tennis player. Sign up: Click here to subscribe to the Broadsheet, Fortune’s daily newsletter on the world’s most powerful women. Soccer star Cristiano Ronaldo, of Real Madrid, topped the list again this year, making $93 million in the last year. Basketball legend LeBron James, who currently leads the Cleveland Cavaliers in the NBA Finals, was the second highest-earning athlete with $86.2 million in the last year. Maria Sharapova, a professional tennis player from Russia, failed to make the list this year, notes Forbes. Sharapova saw reductions in her endorsement contracts due to her 15-month suspension for a failed drug test. The reductions cost the tennis star a spot on the list. Female athletes are generally paid less than their male counterparts. To give that some context: women in the 2015 WNBA season, for example, had a minimum salary of $38,000 and a maximum salary of $109,500. In 2012, the team salary cap was $878,000. For NBA players, the minimum salary in the 2015-2016 season was $525,093, with a maximum salary of $16.407m. And as for the NBA's salary cap that year? A colossal $63 million. Some female athletes have chosen to fight back. The U.S. women's soccer team fought a contentious battle for equal pay after high profile team members like Carli Lloyd, Alex Morgan, Megan Rapinoe, and Hope Solo filed a wage discrimination complaint against U.S. Soccer with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission in March 2016. The team's members were reportedly making just 40% of what their male counterparts were making. In April, just over a year later, the team finally negotiated better base pay and travel benefits, among other things. The U.S. women's hockey team struck a similar deal with with U.S.A. Hockey just the month before. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Friday, June 9, 2017 Home World War & Peace Economy Climate Rights Solutions U.S. Canada Dear President Trump: Breaking Up (Banks) Isn’t So Hard to Do Published on Thursday, June 08, 2017 by TomDispatch Dear President Trump: Breaking Up (Banks) Isn’t So Hard to Do What's your pleasure: A new Glass-Steagall or another economic meltdown? by Nomi Prins 0 Comments Activists have been calling for the restoration of Glass-Steagall since the Occupy Wall Street protests in 2011. (Photo: Scott Teresi/flickr/cc) Donald, listen, whatever you’ve done so far, whatever you’ve messed up, there’s one thing you could do that would make up for a lot.  It would be huge!  Terrific!  It could change our world for the better in a big-league way!  It could save us all from economic disaster!  And it isn’t even hard to grasp or complicated to do.  It’s simple, in fact.  Reinstitute the Glass-Steagall Act. Let me explain. In the world of romance, if you break up with someone, it’s pretty simple (emotional complications aside).  You’re just not together anymore. In the world of financial regulation, it used to be as simple as that, too. It was like installing a traffic light at a dangerous intersection to avoid deaths. In 1933, when the Glass-Steagall Act was passed, it helped break up the biggest banks of the day and for good reason: they had had a major hand in triggering the most disastrous economic depression our country ever experienced. Certain divisions of those banks were no longer allowed to coexist with others. The law split the parts of banks that placed bets by creating and trading certain risky securities and those that took deposits and provided loans.  In other words, it ensured that the investment bank and the commercial bank would no longer cohabit. Put another way, it separated bankers with a heinous gambling habit from those who only wanted a secure nest egg. It was simplicity itself. After 1933, the gamblers and savers went their separate ways, which proved a boon for the economy and the financial system for nearly seven decades. Then legislators, lobbyists, bankers, and regulators started to chisel away at the wall separating those two kinds of banks. By November 1999, President Bill Clinton signed into law the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act that repealed the Glass-Steagall Act totally. The abusive marriages of gamblers and savers could once again be consummated. And who doesn’t remember the result: the financial crisis of 2007-2008 that led to taxpayer-funded bailouts, subsidies, loans, and sweetheart fraud-settlement deals. Just as the Crash of 1929 had been catalyzed by the manufacturing of shady “trusts” stuffed with shady securities, this crisis was enabled by the big banks that engineered complex assets stuffed with subprime mortgages and other loans that were sold around the world.  Under President Obama, the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act was signed into law. The Act sought to limit the ability of big banks to trade the riskiest types of securities. Through inclusion of something called the “Volcker Rule,” Dodd-Frank prohibited the trading of securities (even if with many loopholes). What it didn’t do was actually break up the big banks again.  That meant another 1933 still awaited its moment.  Then along came the bizarre 2016 presidential election campaign during which, strangely enough, Democrats and Republicans found one issue on which they had some common ground: the banking system.  Key figures in both parties agreed that it was time to stop the investment bank and the commercial bank from commingling. Bernie Sanders ran on a campaign to break up the banks -- and so did Donald Trump. At at an October campaign rally in Charlotte, North Carolina, Trump even stated, “It’s time for a twenty-first-century Glass-Steagall.” The Democratic National Committee platform offered a similar message. “Banks,” it said, “should not be able to gamble with taxpayers’ deposits or pose an undue risk to Main Street. Democrats support a variety of ways to stop this from happening, including an updated and modernized version of Glass-Steagall as well as breaking up too-big-to-fail financial institutions that pose a systemic risk to the stability of our economy.” The Republican National Committee wasted even fewer words making the point in their platform: “We support reinstating the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933 which prohibits commercial banks from engaging in high-risk investment.” And it didn’t even suggest that the act should be “modernized” or mention a “twenty-first-century” version that didn’t do what the twentieth century one had done. For the first time since its repeal, in other words, a return to the Glass-Steagall Act had bipartisan support. It couldn’t have been simpler, right? Two parties, one idea: split banks into two pieces. But then, as if you hadn’t already guessed, it got complicated.   Breaking-up, Republican-Style In the new administration, two key figures are now offering quite different and conflicting views of what a resurrection of the Glass-Steagall Act might mean.  At his Senate confirmation hearings, Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs partner and Trump's nominee to be secretary of the Treasury, faced Senator Maria Cantwell (D-Wash.) as she bluntly asked “Do you support returning to Glass-Steagall?” He replied, “I don’t support going back to Glass-Steagall as is. What we’ve talked about with the president-elect is perhaps we need a twenty-first-century Glass-Steagall. But, no, I don’t support... taking a very old law and say we should adhere to it as is.” Cantwell then pressed him further: “And so, is that the position of what the Republican platform was? Because I thought it was Glass-Steagall?” To this, Mnuchin responded, “Again, the Republican platform did pass at the convention Glass-Steagall and... [when] we talked about policy with the president-elect, our view is we need a twenty-first-century Glass-Steagall.” The skepticism in the room was thick enough to cut with a knife. Here, after all, was a man who had made windfall profits on the fallout from the 2007-2008 “too big to fail” financial crisis by organizing a cadre of hedge-fund billionaires to buy the collapsed IndyMac Bank at a discount. He then proceeded to foreclose on some of its mortgages and resellit for a $2.5 billion profit. Why should such a man want to restrict banking activity, Glass-Steagall-style, when his loan practices had allowed him to make a fortune off the taxpayer bailouts that were the result of not doing so? What would the point be when a crisis, as history had just shown, forced the federal government to subsidize risk and failure? The only problem he faced: the Republican platform said he should.   Last month, testifying before the Senate Banking Committee and under questioning from Senator Elizabeth Warren, he backtracked even further: “The president said we do support a 'twenty-first-century Glass-Steagall,' that means there are aspects of it that we think may make sense. But we never said before we support a full separation of banks and investment banking.” Warren responded incredulously, “Tell me what twenty-first-century Glass-Steagall means if it doesn’t mean breaking up those two parts. It’s an easy question.” Mnuchin replied, “It’s actually a complicated question... We never said we were in favor of Glass-Steagall. We said we were in favor of a twenty-first-century Glass-Steagall. It couldn’t be clearer.”  Which, of course, couldn’t have been murkier. And then there's that other former Goldman Sachs man, Gary Cohn, Trump’s director of the National Economic Council.  He had quite a different Glass-Steagall tale to tell Senator Warren. According to Bloomberg News, he insisted that he “generally favors banking going back to how it was when firms like Goldman focused on trading and underwriting securities, and companies such as Citigroup Inc. primarily issued loans.” That sounds a lot like breaking up the banks. This division and the as-yet unresolved nature of the Trump administration response to the Glass-Steagall question could, in the face of another financial crisis, come back to haunt us all, if it translates into more bailouts and systemic failures. The Democrats' Dilemma As with the proverbial difficulty of chewing gum and walking at the same time, certain Democrats seem to find the very idea of supporting both Dodd-Frank and a new Glass-Steagall Act perplexing. Many of them have promoted the idea that no big bank actually failed in the Great Recession moment (which was true only because those banks got huge infusions of federal aid to remain solvent).  As a result, they avoided all responsibility for the way the repeal of Glass-Steagall allowed too-big-to-fail banks to come into existence in the first place.  In the process, they also conveniently ignored the way the big banks lent money to, or funded, the investment banks that did fail like both of my former employers, Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers. Without those loans or that funding, those outfits couldn’t have purchased the overload of toxic assets that, in the end, imploded the whole system. President Obama summed up this position when he told Rolling Stone in 2012, “I've looked at some of Rolling Stone's articles that say, 'This didn't go far enough, we didn't institute Glass-Steagall' and so forth, and I pushed my economic team very hard on some of those questions. But there is not evidence that having Glass-Steagall in place would somehow change the dynamic. Lehman Brothers wasn't a commercial bank; it was an investment bank. AIG wasn't an FDIC-insured bank; it was an insurance institution. So the problem in today's financial sector can't be solved simply by re-imposing models that were created in the 1930s.”  He needed a more astute team. Hillary Clinton took a similar tack in her campaign and it may have contributed to her devastating election loss.  The continued promotion of such fallacies does not bode well for the future of the party if it continues to adopt that view. A return to a safer system on the other hand, would be more populist -- and far more popular. Glass-Steagall’s Bipartisan Past Fortunately, current legislation is circulating in Congress that would promote the long-term stability of the financial system by restoring Glass-Steagall for real. H.R. 790 (“Return to the Prudent Banking Act of 2017”) is one of two reinstatement bills in the House of Representatives. It has 50 co-sponsors from both parties and its passage is being spearheaded by Marcy Kaptur (D-Ohio) and Walter Jones (R-N.C.).  The second bill, H.R. 2585, sponsored by Mike Capuano (D-Mass.), bears a close relationship to Senate bill S.881 (the "Twenty-First-Century Glass-Steagall Act of 2017”), sponsored by Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) and nine cosponsors including John McCain (R-Ariz.), Maria Cantwell, and Angus King (I-Maine). Either of the bills, if enacted, would do the same thing: break up the banks. In order to understand just why passage is so crucial, a little history is in order.  Glass-Steagall, or the Banking Act of 1933, was signed into law by President Franklin Roosevelt. It represented a bipartisan effort and was even -- perhaps not surprisingly given the devastating nature of the collapse of 1929 and the Great Depression that followed -- actively promoted by some of Wall Street’s most powerful bankers. In its 66 years as law, it effectively prevented systemic banking and economic collapse. Even before Roosevelt began his first term, congressional Republicans had initiated an investigation into bankers’ practices.  In early 1933, as Roosevelt was preparing to take office with an incoming Democratic Senate, outgoing Senate Banking and Currency Committee chairman Peter Norbeck, a Republican from South Dakota, hired former New York Deputy District Attorney Ferdinand Pecora to lead the Senate Banking Committee in a new investigation. Later known as the Pecora hearings, they would shed light on the kinds of financial manipulations by unscrupulous bankers that had led to the crash of 1929. They would also provide the new president with the necessary populist political capital to enact America’s most sweeping financial reforms. No less crucial was the way banking leaders aligned themselves with Roosevelt’s new program. Duty to country over balance sheets seemed then to be the order of the day, even on Wall Street.  (It’s not an attitude that lasted into the twenty-first century.) Two days after his inauguration, for instance, Roosevelt invited incoming National City Bank Chairman James Perkins to the White House for a secret meeting. The next day, under Perkins’ direction, his bank board passed a resolution splitting apart its trading and deposit-taking divisions. Chase National Bank chairman Winthrop Aldrich, a major financial power player, lent a hand as well.  Both Perkins and he would back the new Glass-Steagall bill. (Lest you think that all was sweetness and light, they were also convinced that it would diminish the strength of their main competitor, the Morgan Bank.) Three days after Roosevelt called Perkins to the White House, Aldrich’s views on breaking up the banks hit the front page of the New York Times when he announced that Chase National Bank and Chase Securities Corporation would become separate entities, effectively enforcing the bill before it even became law. It wasn’t simple -- the Chase Securities Corporation was the biggest of its kind in the world -- but it happened. Aldrich then took part in a series of private meetings with the president at the White House about the pending legislation. Without the support of Aldrich and Perkins, it’s possible that the bill wouldn’t have passed. After all, a far weaker version proposed during the previous administration of Herbert Hoover hadn’t. The Glass-Steagall Act also created the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to insure citizens’ bank deposits. This left commercial banks with a choice to make. If they took deposits and made loans, they could not speculate with depositors’ money. If they wanted to create and speculate, they were on their own. There’s much to be said for protecting hard-working Americans in this fashion. How the Walls Came Tumbling Down In the 1980s, the walls between investment and commercial banking first began to crumble.  The deregulation of the financial sector that followed would prove to be as bipartisan as the passage of Glass-Steagall had been.  In 1982, as the Republican presidency of Ronald Reagan began, Congress passed the Garn-St. Germain Act, deregulating the kinds of investments that savings and loan banks could make to include riskier real estate loans. This had the effect of exacerbating the savings and loan debacle, which hit its pinnacle in the late 1980s. By 1989, more than 1,000 S&L banks in the U.S. would crash and burn. In total, the crisis wound up costing about $160 billion, $132 billion of which was footed by taxpayers. And the suppliers of risky S&L securities tended to be the big banks. In 1987, still in the age of Reagan, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan, a past board member of JPMorgan, said that non-bank subsidiaries of bank holding companies could sell or hold “bank ineligible securities” -- that is, securities prohibited by Glass-Steagall, including mortgage securities, asset-backed securities, junk bonds, and other derivative products.  The move exacerbated the S&L crisis, but it also offered an avenue for commercial banks to stock up on some of the securities at the heart of that crisis. And so commercial banks began investing in hedge funds, whose very purpose in life is to gamble on securities, stocks, and commodities.  In 1998, in an early warning of what the future might hold, one of them, Long Term Capital Management, crashed and nearly brought down the whole financial system with it.  Fifty-five commercial banks had invested in it using depositors’ money to back their bets.  Only an emergency meeting of the presidents of the major banks at the Federal Reserve averted a larger economic meltdown, but because Glass-Steagall was still in place, they had to figure out how to save themselves.  No government bailouts were forthcoming. Having narrowly avoided disaster, Wall Street only plunged deeper into financial deregulation. In 1999, Glass-Steagall itself was repealed. On December 21, 2000, Congress passed the Commodity Futures Modernization Act deregulating derivatives trading.  The big commercial banks then merged with investment banks, insurance companies, and brokerage firms.  By 2007, the assets of those big banks had tripled. The four largest -- Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo -- by then controlled (and still control) more than half the assets of the banking system. In the fall of 2007, that system finally started buckling because of the problems of Citigroup, not because of the investment banks, which would not have been covered by Glass-Steagall. The catastrophe that hit Citigroup makes it clear just how crucial the repeal of that act was to the financial meltdown to come. Citigroup would “require” a taxpayer-financed bailout of $45 billion, $340 billion in asset guarantees, and $2 trillion in near-0% Federal Reserve loans between the fall of 2007 and 2010. That in itself was staggering and Citigroup wasn’t alone. Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke would later testify that, by 2008, 11 out of the 12 biggest commercial banks were “insolvent” and had to be bailed out.  The entire banking system was rotten to the core and the massive buildup of bad paper, high leverage, and speculative bets (derivatives) that made disaster inevitable can be traced directly back to the repeal of Glass-Steagall.  Today, a fresh bubble is inflating. This time, it’s not U.S. subprime mortgages at the heart of a budding banking crisis, but $51 trillion in corporate debt in the form of bonds, loans, and related derivatives. The credit ratings agency S&P Global Ratings has predicted that such debt could rise to $75 trillion by 2020 and the defaults on it are starting to increase in pace. Banks have profited by the short-term creation and trading of this corporate debt, propagating even greater risk.Should that bubble burst, it could make the subprime mortgage bubble of 2007 look like a relatively small-scale event.   What Will the President Do? On the positive side, there’s a growing bipartisan alliance in Congress and outside it on restoring Glass-Steagall. This increasingly wide-ranging consensus reaches from the AFL-CIO to the libertarian Mises Institute, in the Senate from John McCain to Elizabeth Warren and Maria Cantwell, and in the House of Representatives from Republicans Walter Jones and Mike Coffman to Democrats Marcy Kaptur, Bernie Sanders, and Tulsi Gabbard.  In fact, just this week, Kaptur and Jones announced an amendment to the pending Financial Choice Act in the House of Representives, that would represent the first genuine attempt to bring to a vote the possibility of resurrecting the Glass-Steagall Act since its repeal. So, Donald, here’s the question: Where do you -- the man who, in the course of a few weeks, embracedMiddle Eastern autocrats, turned relations with key NATO allies upside down, and to the astonishment of much of the world, withdrew the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement -- stand? In just a few months in office, you’ve turned the White House into an outpost for your family business, but when it comes to the financial well-being of the rest of us, what will you do? Will you, in fact, protect us from another future meltdown of the financial system? It wouldn’t be that hard and you were clear enough on this issue in your election campaign, but does that even matter to you today?  I noticed that recently, in an Oval Office interview with Bloomberg News, when asked about breaking up the banks, you said, “I’m looking at that right now. There’s some people that want to go back to the old system, right? So we’re going to look at that.” Your party and your own appointees are split on the subject.  Where will you fall?  You could still commit yourself to securing the financial well-being of our nation for generations to come.  You could commit yourself to Glass-Steagall.  The question is: Will you? © 2017 TomDispatch.com Nomi Prins Nomi Prins, a former investment banker at Goldman Sachs, Bear Stearns and Lehman Brothers, is a senior fellow at the public policy organization Demos.  Her most recent book is All the Presidents' Bankers: The Hidden Alliances That Drive American Power (Nation Books). Her earlier book is Other People's Money: The Corporate Mugging of America.   Share This Article More in: U.S. , Donald Trump, Wall Street, Republican Party Top Comments (Click to see more comments or to join the conversation) Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Robert Reich Impeach Him Now Charles P. Pierce It Is Time for Donald Trump to Leave the White House Joan Chittister Make America, America again Nomi Prins Dear President Trump: Breaking Up (Banks) Isn’t So Hard to Do Liz Ryan Murray CHOICE Act Is a Lump of Coal in Our Stocking Robert C. Koehler A Dying Man’s Gift of Awareness Ben Norton Corporate Media Hope Labour’s Corbyn Loses Election—and Badly Neema Singh Guliani Trump, Hypocritically, Moves to Make Temporary Surveillance Powers Permanent Peter Bloom Corbyn and Labour are Fighting for a New Progressive Political Mainstream Bernie Sanders Why Trump's So-Called Infrastructure Plan Is Good for Wall Street But Bad for America... Nafeez Ahmed This Is How to End Islamic State Terror - and Stop British Foreign Policy Blowback Jennifer Bing Palestinian Children’s Lives Are Shaped By 50 Years of Military Occupation More Views Join the resistance! News That Matters Corbyn Stuns UK: "Most Incredible Amazing Political Upset in British History"? As Comey Bolsters "Obstruction" Case, Prospects of Trump Impeachment Rise 233 House Republicans Just Set Course for Next Financial Collapse 'Lordy, I Hope There Are Tapes': The Best Tweets From Comey's First Hour 'Unbelievable, Unprecedented': Reactions From Second Half of Comey Hearing Trump Just 'New at This': As Comey Hearing Concludes, Paul Ryan Jumps To Defend President With All Eyes on Comey, GOP Set to Lavish Wall Street and Trash Consumers As Growing Calls to Impeach Trump Loom, Watch James Comey Testimony Live Kansas Kills Trump-Like Tax Cuts in 'Repudiation of Right-Wing Orthodoxy' The 'Patronage' Presidency: James Comey's 'Extraordinary' Testimony on Trump More News Further Such Pretty Popsicles: Toxic Beauty As A Call to Action You probably missed it what with all the Comey drama, but World Oceans Day wants to remind us, sorry, we have other problems, like the 8 million metric tons of plastic that make their way into oceans every year and the 90% of seabirds that ingest it and the way it keeps growing. Cue an array of projects, from coral restoration to polluted popsicle art from sewage runoff in Taiwan, to hopefully rouse us. Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Jobs Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster / General Info 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
null
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Money Stuff Bail-Ins, Social Norms and Cows Also structuring, moonshots, the Financial Choice Act, blockchains and Uber. by Matt Levine @matt_levine More stories by Matt Levine June 8, 2017, 9:30 AM EDT Banco Popular. We talked yesterday about the resolution of Banco Popular Espanol SA, which was wound up by Europe's Single Resolution Board by wiping out its shareholders, wiping out its Additional Tier 1 capital, writing down its Tier 2 capital to 1 euro, and then selling it to Banco Santander SA, leaving its senior debts and deposits untouched. "It is as textbook a bank resolution as you could hope for," I said. Bloomberg View's editorial board agrees:  Credit where credit's due: The sale for 1 euro of Banco Popular Espanol SA, a failing Spanish bank, to rival lender Banco Santander SA shows how the euro zone should handle such cases. The regulators acted swiftly and fairly. Global markets barely noticed. But you could quibble. One complaint that I think has force is that the purchase price is sort of a suspiciously round number. In theory, when a bank runs into trouble, the regulators should seize it and sell it to the highest bidder; the bidder should pay a price equal to its assets minus its liabilities. In the case of a failing bank, that number will normally be negative, but arithmetic with negative numbers is not particularly a problem. You just line the liabilities up from most junior to most senior, and start haircutting them until you get to the value of the assets. First goes the common stock, then the Additional Tier 1 capital instruments, then the Tier 2 capital, then the senior debt, and you hope you never get to the deposits. Notionally, that sort of happened with Popular: Santander and the regulators valued the assets, lined up the liabilities, and determined that the assets were worth precisely 1 euro more than the senior debt and deposits. So they zeroed the common stock, zeroed the Additional Tier 1 capital, and paid 1 euro to buy the bank from the Tier 2 holders. But that is a weird coincidence! It is strange that the hole in Popular's balance sheet can be precisely filled -- well, precise to within 1 euro -- by the amount of capital securities (Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2) that it had outstanding. Naively you might expect the valuation to find that there's a little extra money after assuming the senior debt, so the Tier 2 holders should get 10 cents on the euro or something. Or else there's not quite enough money to assume the senior debt, so the senior debt holders should also get a haircut and get 95 cents on the euro or something. But, no: The senior debt holders get exactly 100 cents on the dollar, the Tier 2 holders get exactly zero. (Well, 1 euro between them, but we'll come back to that.) That coincidence seems unlikely to be explainable by accounting; you will not figure out what is going on by carefully valuing each asset on Popular's books. Instead it is a matter of regulatory and negotiating dynamics. Additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments are meant to assume the risk of a bank's losses, so by gosh they are going to assume some losses. As Aaron Brown points out by email: "When Santander, which wants the lowest possible price, negotiates with the government, which wants the least chance of future problems and perhaps wants to punish Popular investors, it's hard to think anyone is pushing hard for Tier 2 rights." If you are imposing some losses on capital securities, the temptation on both sides -- the buyer and the regulator, that is, not the buyer and the seller, who doesn't get much say -- is to impose maximal losses on those securities. George Whittle at FIIG Securities writes: "It is challenging to comprehend any circumstances where a regulator believes a liquidity crisis is sufficiently dire that it justifies the extraordinary step of bailing in capital instruments to facilitate a coercive equity raising or sale, but isn’t sufficiently concerning to bail in everything they can."  On the other hand, there's also a temptation to stop there: Zeroing capital securities feels virtuous, but haircutting senior debt feels risky. A regulator will not want to trigger systemic worries about bank debt by haircutting one bank's bonds. (On the other hand some regulators might feel like haircutting bank bonds is also a virtuous thing to do: The notion of "total loss absorbing capital" bail-in-able senior bonds does rather encourage that.) Even the buyer might not want to pay less than the value of the senior debt: Santander is going to need to go back to the debt markets, and treating Popular's bondholders well might help its credibility in the future.  So Popular's textbook result -- zeroing all the capital instruments, paying off all the debt -- is an equilibrium point that you would expect to occur a lot more often than is justified by the economics. That is ... fine, I guess? But it does rather wipe out the distinction between Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital, and between senior bank debt and risk-free debt. The choices are categorical as much as they are financial; they encourage holders of risky securities to worry about risk, and holders of senior securities not to, but it's not clear that they force anyone to quantify it carefully. Oh, about that 1 euro. "I assume the Tier 2 holders won't, like, actually split that one euro amongst themselves," I said yesterday. I was right! Reader Jokin Beltran De Lubiano pointed me to pages 15-16 of the decree resolving Popular (from FROB, Spain's Fund for Orderly Bank Restructuring), which sets set forth the waterfall for the distribution of the 1-euro purchase price. In my rough translation: The sale price of the entity shall be distributed in the following order and form: To pay all reasonable expenses that have been incurred by the SRB and the FROB in relation to the preparation of the disposition of this resolution and the transfer of shares, in conformance with article 20.6 of EU Regulation No. 806/2014 and Article 25.4 of Law 11/2015. To the holders of Tier 2 capital instruments ...  I assume that the regulators will submit an itemized list of expenses incurred in winding up Popular, and that list will come to more than 1 euro, and the 1 euro will be paid to the regulators, and the Tier 2 holders won't get any of it. It would be funny if the expenses list came to, like, 95 cents (some photocopying?), and the Tier 2 holders got to split the remaining 5 cents. But I would not hold my breath. One more dumb thing about Popular. I started yesterday's Money Stuff by quoting the epigraph from Charles Darwin at the beginning of Popular's 2016 annual report. "It is not the strongest of the species that survives, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change," I said that Popular said that Darwin said. Of course Darwin didn't say it: It's a 1963 summary of Darwin by Leon Megginson, a management and marketing professor at Louisiana State University. A fake Darwin quote from a management professor is somehow even more perfect as an epigraph for Banco Popular.  Paul Singer. I tend to take a fairly efficient-markets-ish view of finance, and one tenet of that view is that if you want higher returns, you have to take higher risks. But I am not dogmatic about putting that in quantitative terms; the point is not necessarily that higher expected returns come with a higher standard deviation of those returns. "Risk" comes in lots of forms, with volatility of financial returns being a relatively minor case. To take an obvious example: If you insider trade ahead of merger announcements, you can obtain high and stable returns, which look in classical terms like "risk-free profits." But then you might go to prison. "But I had such a good Sharpe ratio," you will tell your cellmate, but he will not be impressed. Much more generally, behavioral economics suggests that there are some ways to obtain higher returns with lower volatility, but that people do not choose those ways because they find them psychologically unpleasant. If you are willing to take the psychological risks, then you should be able to obtain higher returns with lower volatility. These higher returns will not be arbitraged away, because the psychological risks are sufficiently daunting to deter most arbitrageurs. A basic trick in financial markets -- in life -- is to find something that everyone else finds unpleasant and that you don't mind, and then press your advantage. Anyway here's a profile of Paul Singer and Elliott Management Corp., which is famous mostly for sharp-elbowed negotiation in sovereign debt fights, activist investing, whatever else you've got. "They are a pain in the ass to negotiate with," says a former hedge funder. "They retrade at the last minute all the time." And: "Because they've been so massively successful, their rapaciousness is now viewed in hindsight as success," a former hedge fund executive says of Elliott's appeal. "They are the ultimate rational economic actor. Breaking the social norm of being pleasant in business is not a high cost for them. That lets them be more effective because they are rougher." The worry is that there might be too many people in the financial industry for whom "breaking the social norm of being pleasant in business is not a high cost," in which case (1) the profits from doing that might be arbitraged away and also (2) that would not be very pleasant. Structured Operations. I used to work at a bank on a desk called the "Structured Equity Group," and I have always been fond of financial uses of the word "structured." It always feels somehow euphemistic. Everything is structured, really; the things that are called "structured" are just a bit more structured than everything else. Why are they so structured? Oh, you know, for reasons. Anyway here is the story of Odebrecht SA's bribery division: In the past decade or so, their group, the Structured Operations Division, had helped the company secure contracts to build dams, power plants, airports, and refineries across Latin America. They did it by creating fake engineering, construction, and consulting companies that used secret bank accounts to pay fake invoices submitted by fake customers. At the end of the chain, always, were the people in a position to say yes to another Odebrecht bid. Often these people were politicians—the company had been bankrolling campaigns in Brazil, including presidential campaigns, going back to when bribery was strictly a cash business. Since the establishment of Structured Operations, Odebrecht had funded plots to elect a half-dozen presidents in Latin America; buy the friendship of heads of state in Angola, Peru, and Venezuela; and pay off hundreds of legislators from Panama to Argentina. I mean, we just did convertible bonds and stock buybacks in the Structured Equity Group. We never elected a president. I appreciate these guys' devotion to the cause of Structuring. Moonshot man, moonshot man. Here is a profile of David Hudson, who "left Johannesburg in 1999 after learning Cobol, a computer language for business, in the hopes of making his fortune fixing the Y2K bug," and who is now "in charge of spearheading disruption within JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s trading businesses": A phrase scrawled on a whiteboard in Hudson’s Canary Wharf office encapsulates his mission: “It’s the incumbent’s job to find the innovation before the innovators find distribution.”  Pleasingly, the first innovation they found is "a trading platform for asset managers and regional banks": “An asset manager or regional bank can call us up and say, ‘Buy us €100 million of government bonds,’ ” Hudson says. “We’ll find the best price on the market, which may or may not be from JPMorgan, and buy it on their behalf, so now they don’t need traders. We’ll charge them a commission, do their best execution reporting, provide that as a service.” In other words, the pitch is: Fire your traders, stay in business. I do think it's a little funny that JPMorgan's big innovation is buying bonds on behalf of customers on a commission basis.  You might naively think that that would have been a core legacy function of a big bond-trading bank, but nope! (The legacy function was selling bonds to the client as principal, and requiring the client to hire savvy traders to play banks off against each other.) If you're trying to disrupt the big banks, you might take this as an encouraging story: There's a lot of stuff to disrupt! Choice Act. The House of Representatives is going to pass the Financial Choice Act today, which would "roll back major portions of the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010 and change significant aspects of the bank oversight process." But "the bill has no chance whatsoever of becoming law," says David Dayen, so let's not talk about it, because while financial regulation is interesting, the politics of financial regulation is endlessly tedious and terrible. Meanwhile, the debt ceiling is going to be a thing again, because Congress is always more comfortable creating problems than solving them. And the Treasury Department remains understaffed, with lots of "closed doors and blank nameplates." Blockchain blockchain blockchain. "Curious About Trump’s Tax Returns? Blockchain Might Provide the Answer," says a guy. Not really, of course; Trump's tax returns aren't on the blockchain. But in an alternate universe in which they were on the blockchain, and in public unencrypted form, then you could just go read his tax returns. And anyone else's, I guess. I am not sure that that is much of an advertisement for anything. Here is Izabella Kaminska on some people raising money for a blockchain bank with an initial coin offering. "It seems like you could sneeze twice on a piece of paper and launch an ICO and get a couple of million for it the way tokens are going now," says a person associated with the offering. But my favorite blockchain news today is that there will be not one but two congressional hearings about consumer fintech and virtual currencies at 10 a.m. today. Do you know what else is happening in Congress at 10 a.m. today? You do, you really do.  People are worried about unicorns. Hey what's going on with Uber Technologies Inc. these days? Uber has fired a senior executive who obtained the medical records of a woman who was raped by an Uber driver in India, the latest example of misconduct unearthed at the ride-hailing giant. Eric Alexander, Uber’s president of business in Asia, was terminated on Tuesday after reporters began asking questions about his actions ... And: "Both Travis Kalanick, Uber’s chief executive, and Emil Michael, the company’s senior vice president of business, had read and discussed the woman’s medical records with Mr. Alexander at length." And: "The three men once attended a South Korean escort bar together, according to two of the people familiar with the medical-records matter." Remember yesterday when we talked about how Uber had fired at least 20 people after its sexual-harassment investigation? This guy was not one of them. Did those 20 people behave worse? Also: Given that Alexander was fired for snooping into a rape victim's medical records, doesn't that make things a little uncomfortable for Kalanick, who also read those records? Kadhim Shubber is angry: "Uber does not have an image problem, it has a chief executive problem," he writes. "One day we will look back at what will hopefully be the smouldering wreckage of Kalanick’s career and ask how a person so lacking in basic human and corporate ethics was allowed to run a company for so long." One boring answer: "Uber Founders Have Super-voting Shares." As with so many startups, Uber's board is made up of Kalanick's advisers, not his bosses. Fearless Cow. Bad news, Money Stuff is done for the year; it is only June 8 but already we have the unsurpassable dumbest financial story of 2017: The financial company that installed the “Fearless Girl” statue on Wall Street to help market a female mutual fund originally wanted to commission the bronze in the shape of a cow, according to an email exchange between the company’s rep and City Hall obtained by The Post. Oh. I see. From the initial email proposing the cow to New York City:  A financial services company (as yet to be named to me) that has Mutual Funds is developing and looking to launch a fund that will be exclusively comprised of women-owned or women run companies. As a precursor to the announcement, they are looking to set up a statue of a cow to be set opposite the iconic Wall St bull at Bowling Green. It goes on, beautifully; "'put brand ambassadors around the cow' and 'the event itself will have no production besides the cow' are the best prose ever written," says Felix Salmon, correctly. But what throws me about this story is just thinking about how easily 2017 could have been even dumber than it actually is. Like, the actual controversy over Fearless Girl is a little dumb, but this is just confounding. In a universe not all that different from our own, State Street Corp. could have put a cow in Bowling Green, next to the Charging Bull. They could have been like, "see, the cow represents ...," wait, honestly, how would you finish that sentence, I am at a loss. Would Elizabeth Warren have posed next to the cow? Would the Charging Bull sculptor have gotten furious about the cow? Or would he have been glad to see his bull get a companion? Anyway: “The client realized, after we had gone down the road a bit, that a cow sculpture could be conceived as demeaning to women," State Street's representative says. But what I want to know is: How far down the road did they get? Did they actually cast the cow? Because, if so, bring her on in! Bowling Green already has Charging Bull, Fearless Girl and Pissing Pug, and I am hard at work on IPOing Unicorn and Worrying Squirrel, but there is still plenty of room for Bizarrely Sexist Cow.  Things happen. A daily take on Wall Street, finance, companies and stuff. Matt Levine's Money Stuff Sign Up Italy Said to Press Banks to Help Rescue Veneto Lenders. ECB’s long-term, cheap funding proves lifeline for banks. Wells Fargo Focuses on Pivot From Scandal to Growth. Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis. Four things to watch at the ECB’s Tallinn meeting. "The. Government. Budget. Is. Not. A. P&L. Statement." The Real Story Behind Elon Musk’s $2.6 Billion Acquisition Of SolarCity And What It Means For Tesla’s Future–Not To Mention The Planet’s. Snap Is Most-Shorted Tech IPO of 2017 as Lockup Expiration Nears. Felix Salmon suggests that charitable endowments should give money away. Russian mobsters arrested for peddling stolen chocolate.  If you'd like to get Money Stuff in handy email form, right in your inbox, please subscribe at this link. Thanks!  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Matt Levine at mlevine51@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Brooke Sample at bsample1@bloomberg.net Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Comments Matt Levine is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was an editor of Dealbreaker, an investment banker at Goldman Sachs, a mergers and acquisitions lawyer at Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz and a clerk for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Read more Follow @matt_levine on Twitter Most Read Comey Finally Backs Trump's Account, Too Late to Help Trump by Eli Lake Comey Opens Door to Investigate Trump Dossier by Noah Feldman There's a Reason Republican Senators Weren't Smiling by Albert R. Hunt What Comey Said and What It Means by Editorial Board Why Conservatives Have Always Distrusted Science by Sam Tanenhaus There's a Strategic Reason for Trump's Tweets by Tyler Cowen Trump Didn't Have Any Friends in the Room With Comey by Jonathan Bernstein Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: BHP Billiton, Carlyle, Freeport-McMoRan, Juno, Kite, Sempra Energy, Six Flags and More By Jon C. Ogg June 8, 2017 8:59 am EDT Print Email Tweet Stocks were looking for direction again on Thursday, very similar to Wednesday despite a slightly higher gain. The markets are awaiting the Comey testimony, although the prepared remarks released on Wednesday helped bolster the markets. The bull market may now be over eight years old, but one trend that has thrived for more than five years, without fail and for different reasons at each turn, is that investors will buy every serious stock market sell-off. Investors also are looking for new investing and trading ideas. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each morning of the week. The goal is to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some of these analyst reports cover stocks to buy. Other reports cover stocks to sell or avoid. The consensus analyst price target data are the mean of the Thomson Reuters sell-side research service. Additional color and commentary has been added on most of the daily analyst calls. These were the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and other research calls from Thursday, June 8, 2017. Albany Molecular Research Inc. (NASDAQ: AMRI) was downgraded to Neutral from Overweight at JPMorgan. BHP Billiton Ltd. (NYSE: BHP) was downgraded to Hold from Buy at Jefferies, which noted that the risks and reward dynamics have shifted. UBS took the other side of the call, raising its rating to Buy from Neutral. Carlyle Group L.P. (NASDAQ: CG) was raised to Buy from Neutral at Merrill Lynch. Commercial Metals Co. (NYSE: CMC) was downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Merrill Lynch. Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (NYSE: FCX) was maintained as Buy but the price target was cut to $14.50 from $16.00 (versus an $11.72 prior close) at Jefferies. Hormel Foods Corp. (NYSE: HRL) was started as Neutral with a $35 price target at Mizuho. 24/7 Wall St. 7 Speculative Biotech and Pharma Stocks That Could Still Double (or More) Juno Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ: JUNO) was downgraded to Sell from Neutral at BTIG Research. Juno shares closed down almost 2% at $23.73 on Wednesday and were indicated down 4.7% at $22.60 on Thursday. Kite Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ: KITE) was raised to Buy from Neutral at BTIG Research. Jefferies reiterated its Buy rating. The stock closed up 7% at $82.10 on Wednesday and was indicated up almost 3% more at $84.50 on Thursday. Lear Corp. (NYSE: LEA) was downgraded to Underweight from Equal Weight at Morgan Stanley. MuleSoft Inc. (NYSE: MULE) was started as Perform at Oppenheimer. Oasis Petroleum (NYSE: OAS) was raised to Buy from Neutral with a $13 price target (versus a $9.06 close) at UBS. Patheon N.V. (NYSE: PTHN) was downgraded to Neutral from Overweight at JPMorgan. It also was downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform at Raymond James. 24/7 Wall St. 7 Speculative Analyst Stocks Called to Rise 100% or More Sempra Energy (NYSE: SRE) was downgraded to Equal Weight from Overweight at Barclays. Sherwin-Williams Co. (NYSE: SHW) was started with a Buy rating and a $403 price target (versus a $340 close) at Goldman Sachs. Six Flags Entertainment Corp. (SIX) was reiterated as Outperform with a $70 price target (versus a $59.65 close) at Wedbush. The call highlighted a larger addressable market here and abroad that could generate accelerated growth in the years ahead. T-Mobile US Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) was started with a Buy rating and given an $80 target price (versus a $65.92 close) at Drexel Hamilton. Tyson Foods Inc. (NYSE: TSN) was started as Buy and given a $71 price target (versus a $60.47 close) at Mizuho. W.R. Grace & Co. (NYSE: GRA) was downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Goldman Sachs. Wednesday’s top analyst calls included Check Point Software, Coca-Cola, Kraft Heinz, PepsiCo, UnitedHealth and many more. You can follow @Jonogg on Twitter if you want analyst calls and research notes directly on your own feed. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Jon C. Ogg « Is SciClone Pharma Getting Enough in the Buyout? NewLink Genetics Sinks After Regaining Licensing Rights for Its Cancer Treatment » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, BHP Billiton Limited (ADR) (NYSE:BHP), Carlyle Group (NASDAQ:CG), Commercial Metals Company (NYSE:CMC), Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold... (NYSE:FCX), W.R. Grace & Co. (NYSE:GRA), Hormel Foods Corp (NYSE:HRL), Lear Corporation (NYSE:LEA), Oasis Petroleum (NYSE:OAS), Sherwin-Williams (NYSE:SHW), Six Flags, Inc. (NYSE:SIX), Sempra Energy (NYSE:SRE), TMUS, Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty States With the Worst Roads 36 Passports with the Best Travel Perks Highest Paying Jobs You Can Get Without a College Degree Powerball Lottery Jackpot Hits $375 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win Recent Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Did J.P. Morgan Just Lose Jamie Dimon’s Successor as CEO? Strategist Survey for Rest of 2017: Investing in the New Abnormal US Household Wealth Hits New All-Time Record in 2017 Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Netgear, Inc. Fell 11% in May Why Deckers Outdoor Corp. Stock Jumped 16.4% in May Why Craft Brew Alliance, Inc. Stock Jumped 22.8% in May U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May doesn't plan to resign: reports U.K.'s FTSE 100 futures up 0.2%, turning higher as pound slides Pound drop accelerates, loses grip of $1.27 Option Premiums are Made of Only These Two Things This Week's Hidden Gems: (CAMT)(PATK) Guide to Investing in Robotics Stocks: What's the Future in Automation? Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised US bucks trend amid increases for clean energy research The Latest: Reports: UK Conservatives can't win a majority Uber CEO Travis Kalanick Gave Employees 'Sex Rules' Before 2013 Company Party Experts Don't Recommend Writing Comey-Style Memos About Your Boss While You Were Paying Attention To Comey, House Republicans Voted For Everything Big Banks Want Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content Advertise Donate! CONTACT US Subscribe to the Crime Report Subscriber Login My Subscriber Account Donate GO Donate Go About Us Our Mission Our Sponsors Our Team Write for The Crime Report CMCJ Programs Journalists’ Conferences John Jay Prizes/Awards Viewpoints TCR In Depth Stories from Our Network TCR Special Reports Research & Analysis Crime & Justice News Resources Domestic Violence Drugs Juvenile Justice Media and Crime Donate Navbar Categories List Advertise Donate! CONTACT US Subscribe to the Crime Report Subscriber Login My Subscriber Account The Crime Report - Your Complete Criminal Justice Resource The Crime Report (https://thecrimereport.org/2017/06/08/whos-responsible-for-repairing-id-theft/) About Us Our Mission Our Sponsors Our Team Write for The Crime Report CMCJ Programs Journalists’ Conferences John Jay Prizes/Awards Viewpoints TCR In Depth Stories from Our Network TCR Special Reports Research & Analysis Crime & Justice News Resources Domestic Violence Drugs Juvenile Justice Media and Crime Who’s Responsible for Repairing ID Theft? By Marie-Helen Maras | 18 hours ago LikeTweet EmailPrint More More on Cybercrime Subscribe to Cybercrime Photo by Cristoph Scholz via Flickr Data is a valuable commodity online. It’s therefore no surprise that criminals—whether they are acting alone or as part of transnational groups—have sought to unlawfully access, obtain and use this data. Over the last few years, numerous data breaches were reported by commercial, financial, health, education, and government institutions (some examples:  Target, Home Depot, J.P. Morgan Chase, CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield, University of Hawaii, and the Office of Personnel Management). The data stolen was primarily customer information. In response to these data breaches, companies have sought to assuage customers’ concerns and fears by offering them credit monitoring services for one to two years. But this credit monitoring service is a form of “security theater.” While the credit monitoring service “looks” like a security measure, it does not actually provide users with any form of security. It is merely designed to make users who are offered this service feel safer. The credit monitoring service alerts users to the identity theft and fraud after it has occurred; it serves no preventative function and thus does not protect users from these illicit activities. To make things worse, even the credit bureaus have suffered breaches. In the aftermath of these breaches, like the above-mentioned institutions,  those whose data had been compromised from the credit bureau’s database were offered  one year of free monitoring services that the bureaus themselves created and now sell to others. It is absurd that companies can collect, store, transfer, and sell users’ data without being properly held accountable for the loss of user data after a breach of their systems. At the very least, these companies should be held liable for the loss of user data. They should  be required to provide sufficient funds to users to freeze and unfreeze their credit,  and provide users with lifelong monitoring services and reimbursement for  the time and resources users spend  to deal with the aftermath of the theft of their data. Indeed, if companies really wanted to protect users, they would provide them with money that users could put into an account and use  to freeze and unfreeze their credit. Security freezes prevent criminals from opening up accounts, lines of credit and credit cards in the victim’s name, because access to the victim’s credit file is blocked. Fifty U.S. states and the District of Columbia allow users to freeze their credit. But customers  must  pay to freeze and unfreeze their data, with the exception of those allowed to initially freeze their data (i.e., the first freeze) at no cost. Depending on the state, those who have suffered from identity theft and fraud—and have a police report that can substantiate this—and/or are of a certain age (e.g., 65 years or older), can freeze their credit for free. Others have to pay a fee. It’s important to note here that most states unfortunately charge users when they freeze their data before becoming a victim of identity theft (unless the person is part of a specific age group that does not have to pay; this exemption depends on the state). This fee may serve as a deterrent for users to proactively protect themselves from identity theft. If companies really wanted to protect users, they could take greater care of users’ data. If companies really wanted to protect users, they could take greater care of users’ data. In addition, the government could pass a law that holds companies liable for the loss of user data. Data protection laws are few; those currently  in place only protect certain types of data (e.g., health).Moreover, these laws do not prevent data breaches, nor do they help users whose data is lost. Individuals whose data is compromised will have to spend time and resources to deal with the financial implications of the breach, even though the loss or compromise of the data was no fault of their own. In certain cases, a class action suit may be possible (depending on the incident and what type of data was stolen). However, this does not help the users whose stolen data could not be easily changed (e.g., social security number); nor does it prevent future fraudulent activity against the users. U.S. citizens have been convinced that identity theft and fraud is their problem, even though individuals often become victims of identity theft and fraud through no fault of their own. Indeed, numerous data breaches within the U.S. have compromised Americans’ data; despite these occurrences, users bear the brunt of the burden to deal with the consequences of a data breach. Ultimately, the companies who suffered the data breach should be responsible for dealing with the consequences of the breach, not the users. Marie-Helen Maras Editor’s Note: See Marie-Helen Maras’ recent interview on John Jay’s Criminal Justice Matters program. Marie-Helen Maras is a former U.S. Navy cyberspecialist and author of “Cybercriminology.”  She is currently an associate professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice. She welcomes comments from readers. TCR's WEEKLY Criminal Justice Newsletter is FREE! Subscribe Here Read Next Identity Theft Tops Maine Survey on Crime More than one-third of Maine residents responding to a survey on crime said they had been a victim of identity theft—partly as a result of an increase in corporate data breaches and smaller-scale scams—according to a report published by the Muskie School of Social Service at the University of Southern Maine and the Maine Statistical Analysis Center Advisory Group. The rate of victimization for identity crime represents a 15 percent increase from the last survey conducted in Maine in 2011, write Robyn Dumont and George Shaler in a study entitled “2015 Maine Crime Victimization Report: Informing Public Policy for Safer Communities.” Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website TCR AT A GLANCE FBI Comey Accuses Trump of ‘Lies, Plain and Simple’ By Crime and Justice News | 16 hours ago Fired FBI director James Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee today that President Trump lied to the American public when he said that the FBI was in disarray and that agents had lost confidence in Comey. He added that he was confused and concerned about Trump's changing explanations for the firing. Obstruction of Justice If Trump Broke the Law, It’s Likely Only Congress Can Act By Crime and Justice News | 18 hours ago Experts say that ex-FBI director James Comey's account of discussions with President Trump seem like evidence of obstruction of justice. If so, impeachment may be the only remedy, and that seems unlikely, at least now. Sex Crime Cosby Accuser Holds Firm, Trial Moving Quickly By Crime and Justice News | 19 hours ago Andrea Constand remained unfazed over defense questions of her charge that Bill Cosby sexually assaulted her in 2004. The case may conclude much more quickly than the predicted two weeks of trial. Policing Trump, Lawmakers Seek Tough Penalties for Police Killers By Crime and Justice News | 19 hours ago Nearly half of those accused of killing officers already could face the death penalty. Head of national prosecutors' group says new punishments aren't needed. Lasts year, 66 officers were killed on duty, up from 41 in 2015. Drugs Phony Percocet Pills Cause Overdose Deaths in Georgia By Crime and Justice News | 19 hours ago People thought they were purchasing Percocet, an opioid pain medication. The yellow pills actually contained another “extremely potent” substance that investigators are rushing to identify. “First responders say patients are unconscious or unresponsive and have difficulty breathing or have stopped breathing,” said the Georgia Department of Public Health. Newsletter The Crime Report Subscriber Login Subscribe to The Crime Report DONATE! Our Team TCR’s 2016 Top Ten Stories and Newsmaker of the Year 2017 John Jay/HF Guggenheim Journalism Award Winners CNN’s Van Jones The Crime Report’s 2017 Justice Trailblazer More Crime & Justice News © Copyright 2017, The Crime Report Our Team Built with the Largo WordPress Theme from the Institute for Nonprofit News. Back to top ↑
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Santander’s Botin Takes on Crippled Lender in Her Riskiest Bet by Edward Robinson @EddieRob235 More stories by Edward Robinson , Manuel Baigorri @ManuBaigorri More stories by Manuel Baigorri , Ruth David @RuthsDavid More stories by Ruth David , and Esteban Duarte @estebanduarte4 More stories by Esteban Duarte June 8, 2017, 7:32 AM EDT June 8, 2017, 11:06 AM EDT Purchase of Popular signals bolder approach by chairman Banks had been called in to look Popular over weeks ago Santander's Botin Says No Pressure to Do Popular Deal As dawn broke in Madrid on Wednesday, Ana Botin embarked on the boldest move of her almost three-year tenure as chairman of Banco Santander SA, Spain’s largest bank. Botin, better known for accumulating capital and emphasizing internal growth than doing deals, took a page from her late father’s playbook. She agreed to acquire failing Banco Popular Espanol SA for the knockdown price of 1 euro, while absorbing the 37 billion euros ($42 billion) of non-performing assets that laid its rival low. Ana Botin on June 7. Photographer: Angel Navarrete/Bloomberg The acquisition, which capped a tumultuous two weeks as regulators in Madrid and Frankfurt labored to rescue Popular, opened a new chapter for the scion of Spain’s most influential banking dynasty. It showed that Botin may have a taste for the brinkmanship her father Emilio used to turn Santander into a force in global banking. “Two years ago she said no more inorganic growth and now the bank is doing just that,” said Angel Berges Lobera, a founding partner of AFI, a Madrid-based consulting firm, who follows the Spanish banking industry. “But if you find a good opportunity at your back door and it’s cheap and you can do the government a favor then you don’t let that go.” Santander Chairman Ana Botin discusses the takeover on Bloomberg TV. Source: Bloomberg The acquisition brought Santander about 4 million customers and 34 billion euros in performing loans to small- and medium-sized companies, the type of high-margin business that Botin has pursued in her growth plan. The deal also makes Santander the undisputed champion in its home market, as measured by deposits and loans. “This makes huge strategic sense,” Botin, 56, told Bloomberg. “It complements our franchise in Spain and Portugal, and we will be the leading bank in Spain for small- and medium-sized companies with about 24 percent market share. And in Portugal it makes us the leading private bank.” Santander’s shares rose 4.6 percent to 6.01 euros by 5 p.m. on Thursday, after slipping just 0.9 percent the day before. Some shareholders view the deal favorably even though the bank plans to ask them for 7 billion euros to bolster its capital buffers while taking on Popular and its bad debt. Even so, Botin acknowledged that the bank could face lawsuits from Popular shareholders and bondholders, who lost about 3.3 billion euros in the rescue. Popular Meltdown Unlike some lenders that overextended themselves during Spain’s runaway property market in the early 2000s and were bailed out, Popular refused state aid in 2012 despite a stress test that showed a capital shortfall. Even after tapping shareholders for funds three times over five years for a total of 5.5 billion euros in equity, mounting bad debt eventually overwhelmed the bank. Popular’s race for survival began on April 20, when Emilio Saracho, the newly appointed chairman, stood up at the annual meeting and delivered some bracing news: the bank needed more capital. That angered and alarmed investors and struck fear into depositors. Anticipating disaster, hedge funds such as Cliff Asness’s AQR Capital Management LLC opened short positions on the stock. Read more about Saracho’s role at the helm of Popular As events were unfolding at Popular, Botin and her team had already been contemplating a bolder strategy. After raising capital upon taking the helm of Santander following her father’s fatal heart attack in September 2014, Botin had made a break with his acquisitive ways and concentrated on improving efficiency and increasing revenue from existing businesses.  Evaluating Popular Almost three years on, with the Spanish economy growing at a 3 percent annualized clip, her team had begun considering taking a run at Popular or Unicaja Banco SA, a closely held lender in Malaga, a port town on Spain’s southern coast, according to people familiar with Santander’s planning who aren’t authorized to speak publicly. Unicaja had fewer risky assets than Popular, but the parties couldn’t come to an agreement on price and the lender moved ahead with plans for an initial public offering, the people said. A Santander spokeswoman declined to comment. By May, Popular had hired JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Lazard Ltd. to advise on a potential deal, and Santander had brought on bankers from Citigroup Inc. Spanish lenders Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA and Bankia SA were also sizing up the bank. Botin said Santander was contacted a few weeks ago, along with other banks, to take a look at Popular. Her team “made a careful evaluation” of the lender, but decided not to make an offer at the time, she said in the interview. Popular, an insular institution with reputed links to Opus Dei, the Roman Catholic group, was used to going its own way. But now its fate started to resemble another lender with a history of limping along -– Italy’s Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena SpA. In December, Monte Paschi was unable to raise 5 billion euros in a stock sale and was eventually put into a precautionary recapitalization, a process in which a state injects funds into a troubled bank without triggering resolution. Read more about Monte Paschi and Italy’s banking woes Saracho also sought more time to raise capital. But Spanish supervisors and their counterparts at the European Central Bank’s Single Resolution Board in Frankfurt were losing patience. While Popular was holding a fire sale of assets to raise funds, it became clear the proceeds wouldn’t be enough.  Elke Koenig, chairman of the SRB, the entity in charge of winding down failing banks, told Bloomberg Television on May 23 that Banco Popular was one of the lenders the regulator was watching. As Popular’s stock and bonds plunged and questions over its future grew, the bank began exploring options to bolster its liquidity, including more central bank loans. Botin gathered a team of bankers, lawyers and other staff at Santander’s headquarters on the weekend of May 27 and 28 to analyze the financial implications of taking over Popular, people with knowledge of the meeting said.  In the U.S. the following week, she spoke with Luis de Guindos, Spain’s economy minister, on the sidelines of a meeting of the Bilderburg Club in Chantilly, Virginia. Around the same time, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy asked Botin in a phone call to consider a purchase of the stricken bank, according to people familiar with the events of that week. By last Friday, Botin still hadn’t announced her intentions. Early Morning Call On June 7, Popular executives were scheduled to meet with officials of the ECB. Instead, the lender was informed that day that the situation was unsustainable.  “The resolution authorities, both European and Spanish, came to the conclusion that there was no viable private solution,” Botin said. “They decided on intervention.” Santander was invited on Tuesday to participate in an auction for Popular, and learned around 6 a.m. the following day that it would be acquiring the bank, Botin said. She had been under “absolutely no pressure at all” from government or bank supervisory officials, she added. A press officer for Rajoy declined to comment. Bear Stearns Yet the rescue of Popular is reminiscent of JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon’s decision in March 2008 to absorb Bear Stearns & Co., the venerable Wall Street investment bank crippled by subprime mortgage bets, at the behest of the Federal Reserve. While Popular didn’t pose the systemic risk in Spain that Bear did in the U.S., the end game did cast Botin, who started her career at JPMorgan, in the same role as Dimon, at least for now. With the equity offering to shore up Popular’s balance sheet, Santander reckons it can cover the losses in the real estate book, sell half the portfolio within 18 months, and generate a return on investment of 13 percent to 14 percent by 2020.  Read more on the how supervisors passed the test on Popular The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The transaction also marked the first time the SRB used its authority to handle a major bank failure. That it did so rapidly and without knock-on effects for the rest of the euro zone’s banking sector won plaudits from observers. But challenges remain, especially in Italy, where regulators and bankers are struggling to implement the euro area’s resolution procedures to rescue troubled lenders such as Banca Popolare di Vicenza SpA and Veneto Banca SpA. "In Spain the decision-making machinery worked the way it was intended, and this should put pressure on Italy to stop all its nonsense," said Nicolas Veron, an economist who specializes in banking supervision at Bruegel, the Brussels-based think tank. As for Botin, she meets today with investors gathering in Madrid for a conference hosted by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Two weeks ago it was to be routine event. Now it’ll be anything but as she sketches out her plans for one of the biggest deals of her career. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Snap Is Year's Most-Shorted Tech IPO Before Lockup Ends Alibaba's Jack Ma Gets $2.8 Billion Richer in One Day Pound Drops as U.K. Exit Poll Unnerves Investors: Markets Wrap Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Morgan Stanley Warns There's a ‘Buyer's Strike’ Coming for Cars Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Comey’s devastating indictment of President Donald Trump Five takeaways from Comey’s dramatic testimony Comey handed Mueller a fat case file on Trump U.K. election ends in hung parliament White-collar lawyers see opportunity in Trump scandals Inside the twists and turns of past White House investigations Politico Morning Money Political intelligence on the intersection of Washington and Wall Street Get the Morning Money Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Will Comey move markets? By Ben White and Aubree Eliza Weaver 06/08/2017 08:00 AM EDT WILL COMEY MOVE MARKETS? — Welcome to Thunderdome Thursday featuring an ECB meeting, the UK elections, the CHOICE Act and the main event in the U.S., former FBI director James Comey’s Senate testimony at 10:00 a.m. MM canvassed some smart market folks on whether they think anything Comey might say today about his interactions with President Donald Trump or the various Russian investigations could have significant impact on Wall Street. The consensus is probably not. Story Continued Below Jim Paulsen, ex of Wells Capital: “I think it could be a trading event … Traders will use headlines to move market prices intraday. However, I doubt it will have much lasting impact. Even if Trump is derailed, it is not like he had any momentum to go off the rails anyway. Expectations for Trump to get anything done of substance soon have all but evaporated anyway. “So I don't really believe the market is that dependent on Trump. Moreover, if Trump had to go Pence would enter and much of the financial market may actually react favorably to that. Bottom line … I think it will be he said, she said with little legal force to derail Trump so little probable market impact” Merlin Asset Management’s Michael Obuchowski: “I think the current bias is probably towards less damaging actual testimony from Comey. We sort of know (or can imagine) the worst case scenario so anything less than that will be a fairly neutral for the markets. I believe that a bigger market risk is the administration’s potential overreaction to (or even prior to) Comey’s testimony” Seabreeze Partners’ Douglas Kass blogs: “I am inclined to think that the business media (again!) is making too much out of the importance of Comey's testimony tomorrow. “While there is always a chance of an outlier statement/remark that can influence the presidency and the markets, I suspect that this is a low-probability event. I may be wrong, but I am not giving any weight in my trading or investing this week to [Comey’s] testimony.” Comey’s opening remarks are here. U.K. VOTE PREVIEW — Manulife’s Megan Greene: “Our base case scenario is that the Conservatives will win the election with a majority in parliament. Momentum for the Labour Party in recent weeks has called that into question, with the possibility of a hung parliament emerging. … “Insofar as Brexit does come into the election, it seems Labour’s wishy washy approach to Brexit is actually working in its favor. The Tories have made it clear that they are pursuing a hard Brexit.” MORE ON TREASURY’S BUSINESS LIAISON — From a person familiar with the job, which the Trump administration has thus far not filled: “[H]aving a team dedicated to engaging business leaders improves information sharing, day-to-day follow through and overall strategy. “Gary Cohn, Steve Mnuchin and the Treasury CoS all can certainly pick up the phone and talk to any CEO in the world, but they need staff to do all of the time consuming legwork that goes into major policy development — listen to input, respond to complaints, build coalitions and strategy around shared priorities … The notion from the current administration that you can succeed with principal level officials alone is how you end up with sloppy, haphazard rollouts” CHOICE ACT PREACT (ATTACK ADS COMING) — As if there isn’t enough going on today, the House likely to pass the Financial CHOICE Act, which will please banks but still die in the Senate. Per American Bridge President Jessica Mackler: “Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress are selling out American families again — this time by opening the floodgates for more bailouts … Beginning Friday, Bridge Project will highlight the truth of this for voters in 14 House districts.” RYAN DINGS TRUMP — House Speaker Paul Ryan asked by MSNBC’s Greta van Susteren if it was appropriate for the President to ask for loyalty from the FBI director: “No. I mean obviously, I don't think that it is. I think Director Comey will probably get a lot of questions about that tomorrow, would be my guess.” Video. SCHIFF: CLEAR OBSTRUCTION — POLITICO’s Cristiano Lima: “Ranking House Intelligence Democrat Adam Schiff said Wednesday that former FBI Director James Comey’s written statement on the Russia probe was ‘certainly evidence’ of obstruction of justice on the part of President Donald Trump” Read more. GOOD THURSDAY MORNING — Welcome to Comey Day and the extremely rare of event of all the networks breaking into daytime schedules. Email me on bwhite@politico.com and follow me on Twitter @morningmoneyben. Email Aubree Eliza Weaver on aweaver@politico.com and follow her on Twitter @AubreeEWeaver. THE INNOVATION ISSUE: How should Washington think about innovation? What’s its role in the economy — and what does it take for government to foster new technologies that help the whole nation, not just a favored few? In a month long Special Report, The Agenda takes a deep look at the surprising new politics of innovation, and ideas for how to drive it in a new era. In this package, you’ll read about how AOL founder Steve Case became the first call for Congresspeople who want to bring innovation to the heartland; a critical look at Challenge.gov, the federal government’s prize competition designed to spur innovation; and the surprisingly innovative history of the U.S. Post Office, which was long on the forefront of technology before turning into a lesson in what *not* to do. Read the entire package here. THIS MORNING ON POLITICO PRO FINANCIAL SERVICES — Zachary Warmbrodt on how Rep. Jeb Hensarling is closing in on a major legislative victory in the House. To get Morning Money every day before 6 a.m., please contact Pro Services at (703) 341-4600 or info@politicopro.com. DRIVING THE DAY — Comey testifies before the Senate Intelligence Committee at 10:00 a.m. … A closed session follows at 1:00 p.m. … House this afternoon expected to vote on the CHOICE Act with passage expected by 4:00 p.m. … President Trump at 12:30 p.m. delivers remarks at a Faith and Freedom Coalition 2017 ‘Road to Majority’ conference in DC … Later in the day he holds an infrastructure meeting with mayors … Senate Banking has a hearing 10:00 a.m. on “Fostering Economic Growth: The role of Financial Institutions in Local Communities” … Senate Finance has a hearing at 9:45 a.m. on Trump’s budget with HHS Secretary Tom Price. ALSO TODAY — Mercatus Center holds a meeting on the Hill at noon on building a regulatory budget featuring Senator’s Enzi and Johnson. TRUMP ON INFRASTRUCTURE — POLITICO’s Annie Snider: “Trump decried the state of America's infrastructure, particularly its crumbling system of locks and dams, during a speech in Cincinnati this afternoon, even though his own budget blueprint calls for deep funding cuts to the same programs. “Speaking on the banks of the Ohio River with a barge filled with West Virginia coal floating behind him, Trump argued that the inland waterways system is vital to the country's energy, agricultural and manufacturing sectors, but has suffered from lack of investment. … But Trump's budget proposal for fiscal 2018 would cut the Army Corps of Engineers' construction account by more than 50 percent” Read more. STILL LITTLE CLARITY ON DEBT LIMIT — Despite Trump giving the nod to Treasury Secretary Steven “Clean Hike” Mnuchin on the issue, there is still plenty of murkiness on the White House position. Via our POLITICO Budget and Appropriations brief friends: “Russ Vought (presumably soon-to-be deputy director at OMB), reinforced Mulvaney's preference at a Senate panel [Wednesday]. ‘When we're $20 trillion in debt and we're being asked to, once again, raise the debt limit … it doesn't seem smart at the same time to not take a count and try to fix the problem,’ Vought said” RYAN WON’T COMMIT TO TIMETABLE FOR DEBT INCREASE — AP’s Andrew Taylor: “House Speaker Paul Ryan said Wednesday that he won't commit to holding a vote to increase the government's borrowing authority this summer. The Wisconsin Republican instead says the House will vote on such debt legislation before the government defaults — but not necessarily by an August deadline requested last month by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin. "’We're going to address the debt ceiling before we hit the debt ceiling,’ Ryan told reporters. Some analysts think Mnuchin is being overly cautious when setting the August deadline.” Read more. DEBT CEILING A BATTLEGROUND ONCE MORE — NYT’s Alan Rappeport: “This summer was supposed to be a heady time for Republicans, who would be repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, cutting taxes and simplifying the tax code, and reining in the reach of government. “But now the party, rife with divisions, faces a familiar fight of its own making: raising the government’s statutory borrowing limit. Once a distasteful but manageable task for Congress, the debt ceiling has become a battle Washington seems unable to escape.” Read more. ** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: “It’s a moral and economic crisis that too many young people graduate high school without clear pathways to good jobs,” said Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO, JPMorgan Chase. See how JPMorgan Chase collaborates with local organizations to provide more teens with work experience that will help them compete in the workforce: http://politi.co/2ruHGEv ** OIL TUMBLES — WSJ’s Alison Sider: “U.S. oil prices had their worst day since March, falling to their second-lowest level of the year after U.S. data showed an unexpected increase in oil stockpiles. “ … U.S. crude futures fell $2.47, or 5.1 percent, to $45.72 a barrel. It was the biggest single-day decline since March 8. Brent, the global benchmark, fell $2.06, or 4.1 percent, to $48.06, the lowest level since before [OPEC] and other major producers struck an agreement to cut output in November.” Read more. FIVE BIG TECH STOCKS BUILD MARKET EUPHORIA — NYT’s Landon Thomas Jr.: “Facebook. Amazon. Apple. Netflix. Google. Not only do they dominate our daily lives, but as their stocks continue to soar, these technology giants may also dictate our financial futures. “In the last three years, their share prices have risen far faster than the major market indexes — Amazon leads the way, up 206 percent; Apple trails the pack with a 67 percent gain — as investors of virtually every stripe have piled into these companies.” Read more. BUSINESSES TEAM UP AGAINST CLIMATE CHANGE — FT: “Trump claims to be defending US jobs and industry by abandoning the international effort to tackle climate change. US multinationals have rushed to disassociate themselves from his decision. “From Silicon Valley to Wall Street, from industrial champions such as GE and General Motors to consumer goods companies, there has been unanimous condemnation and a declaration of intent to press ahead with clean energy initiatives. Even the oil majors urged Mr. Trump to stick to the course. Read more. DOLLAR MOVING EXACTLY HOW TRUMP WANTS — TheStreet’s Jerry Kronenberg: “The U.S. dollar has been steadily falling since President Trump took office in January, but foreign-exchange expert Douglas Borthwick says that's due to the new U.S. leader talking the greenback down rather than markets rejecting The Donald. “’The U.S. government right now and Trump for sure has gone out and said: 'Look, we want a weaker dollar. The way we make the U.S. work competitive is having a weaker dollar,' Borthwick said” Read more. ANALYSTS WORRIED BY EURO — Bloomberg’s Sid Verma: “It’s 2007 all over again. The euro is on a tear, U.S. investors are snapping up European stocks — and traditional theories to justify the shared currency’s spirited advance have broken down, as investors luxuriate in a climate of low volatility. “That’s the market landscape as painted by Deutsche Bank AG strategist George Saravelos. Given the parallels, he suggests caution after the euro’s 7 percent rally against the dollar this year.” Read more. COULD TRUMP USE MORE ECONOMISTS? — WSJ’s Greg Ip: “The White House’s usual response to an analysis it doesn’t agree with is to provide its own, prepared by its own economists, typically on the Council of Economic Advisers. As presidential appointees they will naturally gravitate toward evidence favorable to the White House, but professional scruples limit how far that can sway findings. “That discipline has been lacking in Mr. Trump’s administration. When Mr. Trump announced last week he was pulling out of the Paris climate accord, he cited not internal research on the economic harms of the deal, but a private study commissioned by two groups critical of greenhouse gas regulation … This may reflect the absence of economists in its hallways” Read more. BITCOIN VALUATION CONFUSES CURRENCY ANALYSTS — Bloomberg’s Alexandria Arnold: “Bitcoin’s gold for millennials. Or maybe it’s that generation’s fine wine and collectible art. Or just a bubble waiting to burst. For foreign-exchange analysts trying to use traditional methods to value the so-called cryptocurrency and its digital cousins, it may be all of the above — but it’s not quite a currency. “‘It is difficult to use standard FX valuation frameworks that are based on the fundamental drivers of the currency, like relative productivity, or terms of trade of the country, because there are no such concepts,’ said Juan Prada, a New York-based currency strategist at Barclays Capital Inc.” Read more. WHAT DOES A CEO LOOK LIKE? — Reuters’ Anna Ringstrom: “From a Peruvian trout farm manager to the head of an Indonesian meatball company, a list of 500 women entrepreneurs in emerging markets was launched on Thursday to challenge the stereotype of a typical company boss and inspire women globally. “The ‘Foundation 500’ list features the portraits and careers of 500 female entrepreneurs in 11 emerging markets where women are often refused the same access to education, financial services and bank loans as men. The list, an initiative of humanitarian agency CARE and the non-profit H&M Foundation, mirrors the Fortune 500 list of U.S. companies but highlights unusual chief executives, ranging from a Zambian woman who set up a mobile drug store to a woman in Jordan who set up a temporary tattoo studio.” Read more. MORE ON THE CHOICE ACT — Jonah Crane on Vox: “In 2008, with the American banking system on the brink of collapse, policymakers faced a grim choice: bailout or catastrophe. … “But this week, House Republicans are expected to pass a bill that would eviscerate the very reforms that make a repeat of the 2008 scenario unlikely. The so-called Financial CHOICE Act eliminates two of the key reforms specifically designed to prevent another bailout” Read more. CHARLES PAYNE RE-SIGNS WITH FBN — Ad Week’s Chris Ariens: “Fox continues to re-sign top talent. Following announcements about Martha MacCallum and Eric Bolling, Fox Business has re-signed Charles Payne to a multi-year deal where he will continue as host of Making Money, the network’s 6 p.m. ET show.” Read more. ** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Summer employment for teens isn’t a given anymore. In fact, the employment rate for U.S. teens has fallen to 34 percent, a near record low and a 20 percentage point drop since 1995. This is troublesome given that by 2025, 65 percent of jobs in the United States will require some postsecondary education, training or credential. This is more than double the percent of jobs in the 1970s. That’s why JPMorgan Chase is expanding their Summer Youth Employment Program that has helped create nearly 50,000 summer jobs for teens. This summer—as part of their recent five-year, $17 million expansion of this work—students in 19 U.S. cities will get the chance to build the types of skills needed to find careers in growing industries. Learn how this can help set the teens up for a stronger future http://politi.co/2ruHGEv ** « View Archives Authors: Ben White bwhite@politico.com @morningmoneyben Aubree Eliza Weaver aweaver@politico.com @AubreeEWeaver About The Author Ben White is POLITICO Pro's chief economic correspondent and author of the “Morning Money” column covering the nexus of finance and public policy. Prior to joining POLITICO in the fall of 2009, Mr. White served as a Wall Street reporter for the New York Times, where he shared a Society of Business Editors and Writers award for breaking news coverage of the financial crisis. From 2005 to 2007, White was Wall Street correspondent and U.S. Banking Editor at the Financial Times. White worked at the Washington Post for nine years before joining the FT. He served as national political researcher and research assistant to columnist David S. Broder and later as Wall Street correspondent. White, a 1994 graduate of Kenyon College, has two sons and lives in New York City. About The Author Aubree Eliza Weaver is a Web producer for POLITICO Pro. She graduated from Le Moyne College in her hometown of Syracuse, N.Y., where she was the editor-in-chief of her school’s newspaper, The Dolphin; co-hosted a political segment on the school’s news station, LCTV; and worked as a photography assistant in the Visual Arts department. As a student, Weaver interned with various communications organizations, including the publicity department of Regnery Publishing and serving as a news broadcast intern at Time Warner Cable’s Syracuse affiliate, YNN. Immediately following her graduation in May 2013, Weaver moved to D.C. to work as a summer program adviser for The Fund for American Studies’ Institute on Political Journalism, an educational nonprofit that offers courses, internships, lecture series and other opportunities for college students and recent grads. She was a student in the program in the summer of 2011, when she first fell in love with D.C. In her free time, Weaver loves to read and write (as all journalists do), play guitar until her fingers are numb, drink more coffee than she’d care to admit, and spend time with her family. Most Read Comey’s devastating indictment of President Donald Trump Full text: James Comey testimony transcript on Trump and Russia Paul Ryan’s debt ceiling conundrum Iran's foreign minister calls White House condolences on Tehran attack 'repugnant' Comey blasts White House for ‘lies, plain and simple’ ‘If We Are Deported, Who Benefits?’ Comey says he felt 'queasy' after Lynch directive on email probe GOP uncertainty over Obamacare drives out insurers Aide: Trump's mood 'light' as Comey testimony unfolds White-collar lawyers see opportunity in Trump scandals Morning Money - POLITICO Archive Thursday, 6/8/17 Wednesday, 6/7/17 Tuesday, 6/6/17 Monday, 6/5/17 Friday, 6/2/17 View the Full Morning Money Archives » Politico Magazine Will Comey’s Testimony Matter? By POLITICO MAGAZINE ‘If We Are Deported, Who Benefits?’ By Jessica Colotl The Scandal Hiding In Plain Sight By Michael Grunwald Comey's fizzle By Rich Lowry More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper x OFFICIAL RESULTS: Hung Parliament in Britain as Theresa May's ruling Conservative Party loses majority GLP calls for 'firm proposals' for its strategic review by end of June Global Logistics Properties had embarked on the strategic review last December in a bid to boost shareholder value.PHOTO: GLOBAL LOGISTICS PROPERTIES PublishedJun 8, 2017, 7:57 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4bkj Copy Wong Siew Ying wongsy@sph.com.sg SINGAPORE - Mainboard-listed Global Logistics Properties' (GLP) special committee has invited shortlisted bidders to submit their firm proposals by June 30 for "final evaluation", after having conducted due diligence on the company. The proposals are in relation to the logistics group's independent strategic review to look at options available to boost shareholder value. "Subsequent to the receipt of these proposals, the special committee will thoroughly evaluate the proposals in consultation with the company's external advisers," the firm said on Thursday (June 8). GLP had embarked on the strategic review last December following a request by its largest shareholder GIC, which owns over a third of the total stake in the company. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up As part of the exercise, GLP, through JPMorgan, had approached various parties to evaluate the viability of options available for its business. In February, it had shortlisted some interested parties and invited them to conduct due diligence on the firm. GLP had said then that the independent strategic review may involve a possible acquisition of all, or some of its shares, which may or may not lead to an offer being made for the shares of the company. It noted in a stock exchange filing on Wednesday that no binding proposals have been received to date . "There is no certainty that any proposals will be received or that any definitive transaction will materialise from, or any offer will be made as a result of, any proposals received or the strategic review." It added that there is no certainty as to the terms of a transaction (if any). About four months ago, GLP said it received non-binding proposals from various parties, including its chief executive Ming Z Mei, as well as non-executive director Fang Fenglei. The two board members have recused themselves from all board discussions, and decisions over the strategic review, as they have interest in one of the parties that have submitted offers for the company. GLP owns and operate a US$41 billion (S$56.6 billion) global portfolio of 55 million sq m of warehouses and other logistics facilities in China, Japan, United States and Brazil. The firm, which has a market capitalisation of US$10 billion as at May 31, added that an announcement will be made in the event of any material developments. GIC, which manages Singapore's foreign reserves, holds a 36.9 per cent stake in GLP, according to Bloomberg data. The counter closed up by a cent to S$2.94 on Thursday, before the announcement was released. Topics:  REVIEWS LOGISTICS SECTOR More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4bkj Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content starhub_a126125_2017june05_strosnative.jpg French Open…here’s what you never knew vitagen_a126212_2017jun05_300x200_st_native.jpg IBS: What you need to know and how to seek help eyemo_a125690_2017jun05_300x200_stnative.jpg Household brand Eye Mo is back on shelves Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
null
null
null
http://www.miningweekly.com Menu Menu Search By Instagram Youtube Twitter Facebook Global Mining News in real time Home Latest News Sector News Back Base Metals Back Base Metals Home Aluminium Copper Nickel Zinc Coal CSR Diamonds Diversified Miners Environmental Exploration Ferrous Metals Back Ferrous Metals Home Chrome Iron-ore Manganese Gold Health & Safety Legislative Environment Mining Services Back Mining Services Home Consulting Engineers Contract Mining Crushing and Screening Drilling and Tunnelling Earthmoving Energy Services Explosives Furnaces and Kilns Materials Handling Opencast/Quarries Pumps Valves Oil and Gas PGMs Potash Project Management Silver Uranium World News Back Africa Asia Australasia Europe Middle East North America South America Magazine Back This Week Back Copies Back Back Copies Home Mining Weekly International Edition Cartoon Mining Personality Mine Profile Photo of the Week Editorial Insight Company Profiles Features Library Supplements Video Reports Back Latest Videos Resources Watch Second Take SAfm Corporate Videos Research Back All Project Browser Mine Profiles Research Reports Press Office Back All Companies Ecic Execujet Fluor Hazleton Pumps Mining Indaba Roytec SSG Consulting ThyssenKrupp Electra Mining Back Electra Mining Home Electra Clips Floorplan Electra Mining E-Magazine Announcements Back Latest Announcements Sponsored Posts Login Columnists Topics What's On Jobs Tenders Mining Indaba Apps Suppliers Directory About Us back to top Africa Edition Americas Australasia Africa Europe Set Default Edition Clear Default Edition R/€ = 14.48  R/$ = 12.94  Au 1273.60 $/oz  Pt 935.50 $/oz    Follow @MiningWeekly Close Set Default Regional Edition Select your default regional edition of MiningWeekly.com Africa Americas Australasia Europe Set Now Note: When you select a default region you will be directed to the MiningWeekly.com home page of your choice whenever you visit miningweekly.com. This setting is controlled by cookies and should your cookies be re-set you will then be directed to the regional edition associated with the geographic location of our IP address. Should your cookies be reset then you may again use the drop-down menu to select a default region. Cookie Policy Clear Default Regional Edition Click on the button below to clear your default MiningWeekly.com regional edition Clear Now Note: When you clear your default region you will be directed to the MiningWeekly.com home page regional edition associated with the geographic location of our IP address. Cookie Policy Close Search Mining Weekly Note: Search is limited to the most recent 250 articles. To access earlier articles, click Advanced Search and set an earlier date range. To search for a term containing the '&' symbol, click Advanced Search and use the 'search headings' and/or 'in first paragraph' options. Where... anywhere in the article search headings only in the first paragraph With? all these words any of these words this exact phrase When? Change Sort Order Publication date (latest first) Publication date (earliest first) Headline (alphabetical) Author (alphabetical) Advanced Search Search for this And must exclude these words... Clear Search Sponsored by Close Login Forgot you username or password? Username Password go back to login or contact us at subscriptions@engineeringnews.co.za Email Sponsored by Home / World News / Europe← Back Warsaw|Allianz SE|Business|Coal|EDF SA|Energa SA|Energy|Engie SA|Engineering|Finance|Financial|Gas|JPMorgan Chase & Co.|JSW SA|Mining|Nuclear|PKN Orlen SA.|Power|Projects|Renewable Energy|Resources|SECURITY|Siemens|Siemens AG|Tauron Polska Energia SA.|Technology|Turbines|Europe|Norway|Poland|Clean Coal Technology|Coal Producer|Electricity|Energy Mix|Energy Security|Gas-|Local Subsidiary|Power Turbines|Renewable Energy Dominant|Short-term Solution|Daniel Ozon|Grzegorz Nalezyty|Jaroslaw Broda|Krzysztof Tchorzewski|Turbines|Western Europe|So-called Clean Coal Technology |Business|Coal|Energy|Engineering|Finance|Financial|Gas|Mining|Nuclear|Power|Projects|Renewable Energy|Resources|SECURITY|Siemens|Technology|Turbines||||Turbines|| warsaw|allianz-se|business|coal|edf-sa-company|energa-sa|energy|engie-sa|engineering|finance|financial|gas|jpmorgan-chase-co-company|jsw-sa|mining|nuclear|pkn-orlen-sa|power|projects|renewable-energy|resources|security|siemens|siemens-ag|tauron-polska-energia-sa|technology|turbines-company|europe|norway|poland|clean-coal-technology|coal-producer|electricity|energy-mix|energy-security|gas-|local-subsidiary|power-turbines|renewable-energy-dominant|shortterm-solution|daniel-ozon|grzegorz-nalezyty|jaroslaw-broda|krzysztof-tchorzewski|turbines-person|western-europe|so-called-clean-coal-technology Ecic~Execujet~Fluor~Hazleton Pumps~Mining Indaba~Roytec~SSG Consulting ~ThyssenKrupp ecic-2009-03-25~execujet-2014-05-19~fluor-2016-08-30~hazleton-pumps-2017-01-31~mining-indaba-2016-08-16~roytec-2011-04-25~ssg-consulting-project-management-2014-05-19~thyssenkrupp-2013-05-28-1 Close Email this article To separate emails by commas, maximum limit of 4 addresses From Your Email Message Verification Sponsored by Close Article Enquiry Polish coal affection poses dilemma for funding-thirsty firms Name & Surname Your Email Telephone Your Enquiry Verification Close Embed Video Polish coal affection poses dilemma for funding-thirsty firms 8th June 2017 By: Bloomberg SAVE THIS ARTICLE      EMAIL THIS ARTICLE Font size: -+ WARSAW – As Poland is reluctant to budge in its feud with Europe over coal, some of the country’s biggest power and mining companies admit it may be the time to change the course. The EU’s largest eastern economy argues it needs coal plants, fired by local resources, to ensure energy security and cheap electricity. That goes against the bloc’s policy of heavy cuts in carbon-dioxide emissions and often leaves Poland stranded in its approach to the dirty fuel. Even as the global push to tackle climate change doesn’t excite the country’s right-wing government, the business, even state-controlled, starting to feel the heat. Advertisement “We’re not able to operate for a long time in such a divergent regulatory reality: Poland’s and the EU’s,” said Jaroslaw Broda, deputy CEO at the nation’s second-biggest power utility Tauron Polska Energia SA. “Sooner or later a compromise needs to be reached because it’s very difficult to make decisions on big investments.” A shrinking funding base due to the greener policies of global banks and their Polish units as well as other financing institutions may prove to be a major incentive for both Polish utilities and miners to follow their peers in western Europe. Deep-pocketed giants like Norway’s sovereign wealth fund, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Allianz SE decided to stop or scale back support for coal projects. At the same time, French utilities EDF SA and Engie SA withdrew from Poland, selling their coal-fired fleet to local state power groups, under their long-term plans to diminish emissions. STRIKING CHORD Poland will need as much as 60 billion zloty ($16-billion) to build an additional 10 GW of power by 2025, mostly coal-fired, to meet rising demand and replace aging facilities, according to Energy Minister Krzysztof Tchorzewski. That’s a short-term solution. He estimates the country would need a whopping 200-billion zloty by 2050 to reduce coal consumption to 50% from more than 80% now. Anything more ambitious would harm the economy. “The idea to cut coal usage to 50% is a step forward and such a proposal from our side could help in reaching the compromise,” Tauron’s Broda said in an interview in Krakow last week. “Such a promise could also help us get financing for investments, which is getting more and more difficult because of coal limits among financial institutions.” Tides are shifting fast. State-controlled Tauron said in March that constant questions about coal have made it increasingly challenging to obtain financing on the markets. In the same month, its smaller competitor Energa SA bent to investors’ demands by pledging that proceeds from its new bond offering won’t be used to finance a planned coal-fired plant, according to Dziennik Gazeta Prawna newspaper. The utility with the smallest share of coal-fired generation out of four state-controlled power groups raised €300-million that month for upgrading its distribution network. The pressure creates a ripple effect across industries. Warsaw-listed JSW SA, the EU’s biggest coking coal producer, unexpectedly announced its intention to measure and reduce its carbon footprint as “without showing commitment to reducing carbon emissions, our ability to get funding will be limited", CEO Daniel Ozon said on May 25. Evolution Poland, which has lost most of its recent coal battles with the EU, may be coming to terms with an idea that something must change. The cabinet offered the EU that it may build a nuclear plant to cut emissions in return for being allowed to keep burning coal. It plans to build plants in so-called clean coal technology. “Coal in Poland is a huge part of the industry and will need a transformation in the coming years, but it should be an evolution, not a revolution,” Grzegorz Nalezyty, head of power units at Siemens AG’s local subsidiary, said in an interview in Krakow last week. Siemens, Europe’s biggest engineering company, delivers power turbines for Polish coal-, gas- and wind plants, including for Tauron and PKN Orlen SA. Nalezyty said that he understands the logic of the Polish government to stick to coal, but “at the same time the trend to significantly change energy mix to make renewable energy dominant prevails globally. And it can’t be stopped.”   Edited by: Bloomberg EMAIL THIS ARTICLE      SAVE THIS ARTICLE To subscribe email subscriptions@creamermedia.co.za or click here To advertise email advertising@creamermedia.co.za or click here Related Articles Polish coal miner JSW returns to profit in first quarter → South Aus Energy Minister decries PM’s comments on renewables, coal → On-The-Air (26/05/2017) → Comment Guidelines Next article European Lithium raises A$1.1m for Austria project By: Mariaan Webb Investors, mainly European, have committed A$1.1-million towards advancing the Wolfsberg lithium project in Austria, ASX-listed European Lithium reported on Thursday. Nonexecutive chairperson Tony Sage said the funds would help the company finalise a prefeasibility study for the project. → RSS Feed About Mining Weekly is a product of Creamer Media. www.creamermedia.co.za Other Creamer Media Products include: Engineering News Research Channel Africa Polity Read more About Newsletters Sign up for our FREE daily email newsletter Receive daily sector news alerts More Newsletters Subscriptions We offer a variety of subscriptions to our Magazine, Website, PDF Reports and our photo library. Subscriptions are available via the Creamer Media Store. View store Subscriptions Advertise Advertising on MiningWeekly.com is an effective way to build and consolidate a company's profile among clients and prospective clients. Email advertising@creamermedia.co.za View options Advertise Subscribe Read Now Advertise Now sq:0.62 1.514s - 572pq - 2rq Legal Notice Comment Guidelines © Copyright 2017 Close
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Bartek Sadowski/Bloomberg Polish Coal Affection Poses Dilemma for Funding-Hungry Firms by Maciej Martewicz @mmartewicz More stories by Maciej Martewicz June 8, 2017, 4:10 AM EDT June 8, 2017, 6:57 AM EDT Local companies see risk of coal-related funding shortage Compromise needed to provide clear energy mix outlook As Poland is reluctant to budge in its feud with Europe over coal, some of the country’s biggest power and mining companies admit it may be the time to change the course. The European Union’s largest eastern economy argues it needs coal plants, fired by local resources, to ensure energy security and cheap electricity. That goes against the bloc’s policy of heavy cuts in carbon-dioxide emissions and often leaves Poland stranded in its approach to the dirty fuel. The business, even state-controlled, is voicing concern over the consequences it may entail. “We’re not able to operate for a long time in such a divergent regulatory reality: Poland’s and the EU’s,” said Jaroslaw Broda, deputy chief executive officer at the nation’s second-biggest power utility Tauron Polska Energia SA. “Sooner or later a compromise needs to be reached because it’s very difficult to make decisions on big investments.” A shrinking funding base due to the greener policies of global banks and their Polish units as well as other financing institutions may prove to be a major incentive for both Polish utilities and miners to follow their peers in western Europe. Deep-pocketed giants like Norway’s sovereign wealth fund, JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Allianz SE decided to stop or scale back support for coal projects. At the same time, French utilities EDF SA and Engie SA withdrew from Poland, selling their coal-fired fleet to local state power groups, under their long-term plans to diminish emissions. Striking Chord Poland will need as much as 60 billion zloty ($16 billion) to build an additional 10 gigawatts of power by 2025, mostly coal-fired, to meet rising demand and replace aging facilities, according to Energy Minister Krzysztof Tchorzewski. That’s a short-term solution. He estimates the country would need a whopping 200 billion zloty by 2050 to reduce coal consumption to 50 percent from more than 80 percent now. Anything more ambitious would harm the economy. “The idea to cut coal usage to 50 percent is a step forward and such a proposal from our side could help in reaching the compromise,” Tauron’s Broda said in an interview in Krakow last week. “Such a promise could also help us get financing for investments, which is getting more and more difficult because of coal limits among financial institutions.” The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Tides are shifting fast. State-controlled Tauron said in March that constant questions about coal have made it increasingly challenging to obtain financing on the markets. In the same month, its smaller competitor Energa SA bent to investors’ demands by pledging that proceeds from its new bond offering won’t be used to finance a planned coal-fired plant, according to Dziennik Gazeta Prawna newspaper. The utility with the smallest share of coal-fired generation out of four state-controlled power groups raised 300 million euros ($338 million) that month for upgrading its distribution network. The pressure creates a ripple effect across industries. Warsaw-listed JSW SA, the EU’s biggest coking coal producer, unexpectedly announced its intention to measure and reduce its carbon footprint as “without showing commitment to reducing carbon emissions, our ability to get funding will be limited,” Chief Executive Officer Daniel Ozon said on May 25. Shares in Tauron added 0.3 percent to 3.45 zloty while JSW fell 0.7 percent to 69.16 zloty as of 12:56 p.m. in Warsaw. Evolution Poland, which has lost most of its recent coal battles with the EU, may be coming to terms with an idea that something must change. The cabinet offered the EU that it may build a nuclear plant to cut emissions in return for being allowed to keep burning coal. It plans to build plants in so-called clean coal technology. “Coal in Poland is a huge part of the industry and will need a transformation in the coming years, but it should be an evolution, not a revolution,” Grzegorz Nalezyty, head of power units at Siemens AG’s local subsidiary, said in an interview in Krakow last week. Siemens, Europe’s biggest engineering company, delivers power turbines for Polish coal-, gas- and wind plants, including for Tauron and PKN Orlen SA. Nalezyty said that he understands the logic of the Polish government to stick to coal, but “at the same time the trend to significantly change energy mix to make renewable energy dominant prevails globally. And it can’t be stopped.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Snap Is Year's Most-Shorted Tech IPO Before Lockup Ends Alibaba's Jack Ma Gets $2.8 Billion Richer in One Day Pound Drops as U.K. Exit Poll Unnerves Investors: Markets Wrap Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Morgan Stanley Warns There's a ‘Buyer's Strike’ Coming for Cars Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Research Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 15 June 2017. 6pm 29 June 2017. 6pm 13 July 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital CN Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Research Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 15 June 2017. 6pm 29 June 2017. 6pm 13 July 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Helaine Kang Sam Catalano Lionel Therond Riccardo Lowi Ed Stacey James Dolman Ed Birkin Youssef Essaegh David Eaton Fahad Changazi James Eginton Andy Brown Zak Mir Eugene Gallagher Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - US markets closed in positive territory yesterday, buoyed by gains in financial sector stocks Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:35 08 Jun 2017 UK Market Snapshot UK markets finished mixed yesterday, with the FTSE 100 index closing at its lowest level since 19 May, weighed down by losses in energy sector stocks and a stronger Pound. Oil majors, Royal Dutch Shell and BP declined 1.3% and 1.7%, respectively, on lower crude prices. AstraZeneca slipped 1.0%, after the drugmaker announced that it would sell its global rights to migraine drug, Zomig, outside Japan to Grunenthal for up to $302.0 million. Peer, Shire dropped 3.2%. On the brighter side, Royal Bank of Scotland Group advanced 1.4%, following a broker upgrade on the stock to ‘Hold’ from ‘Sell’. Anglo American edged 0.5% up, after the miner stated that its Chairman, John Parker, would be replaced by Stuart Chambers. Other miners, Glencore, Antofagasta and Rio Tinto gained 0.1%, 0.4% and 0.6%, respectively. The FTSE 100 declined 0.6%, to close at 7,478.6, while the FTSE 250 rose 0.2%, to settle at 19,695.9. US Market Snapshot US markets closed in positive territory yesterday, buoyed by gains in financial sector stocks. Banking giants, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and Bank of America advanced 1.2%, 1.4% and 1.7%, respectively. Carvana rallied 32.8%, after the company posted higher than expected earnings for the first quarter and offered a robust outlook for the second quarter. Technology firms, Facebook, Apple and Amazon.com added 0.2%, 0.6% and 0.7%, respectively. On the losing side, energy sector stocks, Chesapeake Energy, Transocean and Devon Energy declined 4.8%, 5.6% and 5.8%, respectively, tracking losses in crude prices. Brown-Forman dropped 3.1%, after the company’s earnings and sales for the fourth quarter missed market estimates. The S&P 500 gained 0.2%, to settle at 2,433.1. The DJIA rose 0.2%, to settle at 21,173.7, while the NASDAQ advanced 0.4%, to close at 6,297.4. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets ended lower yesterday, as investors remained cautious ahead of the European Central Bank’s (ECB) policy meeting and the UK general election, both scheduled for today. Bayer slipped 1.0%, after the company sold its 8.5% stake in its subsidiary, Covestro, down 4.5%, reducing its stake in the company to 44.8%.  Banco Santander slid 0.9%, after the lender announced that it would acquire struggling Banco Popular Espanol for the symbolic price of €1.0 and it would also raise about €7.0 billion of capital as part of the deal. On the flipside, utility stocks, RWE and E.ON jumped 5.5% and 5.7%, respectively, after Germany's High Court ruled out that the nuclear fuel tax that the government collected from these companies between 2011 and 2016 was unconstitutional and “void”. The FTSEurofirst 300 index declined 0.1%, to close at 1,529.3. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 slid 0.1%, to close at 12,672.5, while the French CAC-40 shed 0.1%, to settle at 5,265.5. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading mostly higher this morning, ahead of key global events slated for today. In Japan, Toshiba has advanced 4.5%, after a report indicated that the company would name the winning bidder for its prized semiconductor unit next week. However, Japan Display has declined 4.2%, after news emerged that the company is considering restructuring beyond cutting jobs and consolidating production after it lost business with Apple due to delay in its entry into OLED technology. In Hong Kong, property stocks, China Vanke and Hang Lung Properties have risen 0.2% and 1.7%, respectively, while, Henderson Land Development and Cheung Kong Property Holdings have fallen 0.4% and 0.6%, respectively. In South Korea, Samsung Electronics and POSCO have slid 0.3% and 0.7%, respectively. The Nikkei 225 index is trading marginally higher at 19,994.0. The Hang Seng index is trading marginally up at 25,985.2, while the Kospi index is trading 0.3% lower at 2,354.1. Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs AA, Aurora Investment Trust, BlackRock Smaller Companies Trust, Dignity, Invesco Perpetual UK Small Companies Inv Trust, Pagegroup, Panmure Gordon & Co, Porta Communications, Scisys, Sopheon Final Ex-Dividend Date Air Partner, Anglo-Eastern Plantations, Applegreen, Arrow Global Group, Billington Holdings, Booker Group, Camellia, Capital Gearing Trust, Christie Group, Good Energy Group, Helios Underwriting, Inspired Energy, John Laing Environmental Assets Group Limited, Johnson Matthey, Judges Scientific, Learning Technologies Group, London Security, M&C Saatchi, Nasstar, Phoenix Spree Deutschland Limited Shs NPV, Restore, Rotala, RTC Group, Scottish Mortgage Inv Trust, SIG, Spectra Systems Corporation, Synthomer, TBC Bank Group, Triple Point VCT 2011, Triple Point Vct 2011 A, Vodafone Group, WPP, Young & Co's Brewery 'A' Shares Final Dividend Payment Date Fidessa Group, Legal & General Group, Macfarlane Group, William Hill Interim Ex-Dividend Date Aew UK Reit, Alliance Trust, Artemis VCT, Associated British Foods, Blackrock Frontiers Investment Trust, British Empire Trust, Connect Group, Daily Mail and General Trust A (Non.V), F&C Commercial Property Trust Ltd., F&C UK Real Estate Investments Limited, General Accident 'A', Hargreave Hale AIM VCT 1, ITE Group, JPMorgan Global Growth & Income, LondonMetric Property, Perpetual Income & Growth Inv Trust, Princess Private Equity Holding Ltd., Redefine International, Temple Bar Inv Trust, TOC Property Backed Lending Trust, Urban&Civic, Victrex plc, Watkin Jones Interim Dividend Payment Date Fidelity Special Values, Jarvis Securities Special Dividend Payment Date Fidessa Group Special Ex-Dividend Payment Date Artemis VCT, Booker Group, Electra Private Equity, Helios Underwriting, Perpetual Income & Growth Inv Trust Quarterly Payment Date M Winkworth Quarterly Ex-Dividend Date Brunner Inv Trust, Premier Energy & Water Trust, Regional REIT Limited, UIL Limited (DI), Volta Finance Limited Trading Announcements Boohoo.com Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs Baker Steel Resources Trust Ltd., Deltex Medical Group, M. P. Evans Group, PJSC MNC Norilsk Nickel ADR, Public Joint Stock Company Gazprom Neft ADR, Public Joint Stock Company Severstal GDR (Reg S), Richoux Group, Telefonica SA, Telefonica SA, Tomco Energy, Vertu Capital Limited (DI) EGMs Exova Final Dividend Payment Date Barr (A.G.), Card Factory, Carillion, Computacenter, Derwent London, Exova Group, G4S, Ibstock, Irish Continental Group Units, Keller Group, Ocean Wilsons Holdings Ltd., Robert Walters, Science Group, SDL, SThree, Trinity Mirror Interim Dividend Payment Date Bluefield Solar Income Fund Limited, Focusrite, Lok'n Store Group, McCarthy & Stone, Polar Capital Global, Healthcare Growth & Income Trust, Seneca Global Income & Growth Trust Special Dividend Payment Date Derwent London Key Economic News OECD Outlook: Global economy is ‘better, but not good enough’ The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) indicated that the global economy is doing better, but has not yet improved sufficiently to make a material difference to people’s lives. The Paris-based organisation forecasted the global economy to grow 3.50% in 2017, before nudging up to 3.60% in 2018. Further, the OECD warned policymakers to look beyond the broader based cyclical upturn and to continue efforts to improve growth fundamentals. UK Halifax house price index surprisingly advanced in May In the UK, the Halifax house price index recorded an unexpected rise of 0.40% in May, on a MoM basis, more than market expectations for a drop of 0.20%. In the previous month, the Halifax house price index had registered a revised unchanged reading. UK Halifax house price index rose more than expected in the March-May 2017 period On a YoY basis, the Halifax house price index rose 3.30% in the March-May 2017 period, in the UK, higher than market expectations for an advance of 3.00%. The Halifax house price index had climbed 3.80% in the February-April 2017 period. UK house price balance dropped in May House price balance in the UK dropped to 17.00 % in May, compared to a reading of 22.00 % in the previous month. Markets were anticipating house price balance to drop to a level of 20.00 %. German factory orders rose less than expected in April In April, the non-seasonally adjusted factory orders advanced 3.50% on an annual basis in Germany, less than market expectations for an advance of 4.70%. In the previous month, factory orders had recorded a revised rise of 2.50%. German factory orders fell more than expected in April The seasonally adjusted factory orders slid 2.10% in Germany on a monthly basis in April, compared to a revised rise of 1.10% in the previous month. Markets were expecting factory orders to ease 0.30%. Italian retail sales unexpectedly fell in April In April, the seasonally adjusted retail sales in Italy recorded an unexpected drop of 0.10% on a monthly basis, lower than market expectations for a rise of 0.20%. In the prior month, retail sales had registered a flat reading. Italian retail sales advanced more than expected in April In April, the non-seasonally adjusted retail sales climbed 1.20% on a YoY basis in Italy, higher than market expectations for a rise of 0.90%. Retail sales had recorded a revised drop of 0.50% in the prior month. Swiss foreign currency reserves dropped in May Foreign currency reserves registered a drop to CHF 693.70 billion in Switzerland, in May. In the previous month, foreign currency reserves had registered a revised level of CHF 696.60 billion. US mortgage applications rose in the last week On a weekly basis, mortgage applications recorded a rise of 7.10% in the week ended 02 June 2017, in the US. In the previous week, mortgage applications had fallen 3.40%. US consumer credit advanced less than expected in April Consumer credit in the US recorded a rise of $8.20 billion in April, compared to a revised rise of $19.54 billion in the previous month. Markets were expecting consumer credit to rise $15.00 billion. Canadian building permits surprisingly eased in April Building permits unexpectedly eased 0.20% on a MoM basis in April, in Canada, compared to a revised drop of 4.90% in the prior month. Markets were anticipating building permits to rise 3.00%. Japanese GDP rose less than expected in 1Q 2017 On a QoQ basis, the final gross domestic product (GDP) recorded a rise of 0.30% in 1Q 2017, in Japan, less than market expectations for a rise of 0.60%. The preliminary figures had recorded a rise of 0.50%. GDP had registered a similar rise in the previous quarter. Japanese investors turned net sellers of foreign bonds in the previous week Japanese investors turned net sellers of ¥350.40 billion worth of foreign bonds in the week ended 02 June 2017, as compared to being net buyers of a revised ¥733.50 billion worth of foreign bonds in the prior week. Japanese adjusted (total) current account surplus rose in April Adjusted (total) current account surplus in Japan rose to ¥1807.40 billion in April, following a adjusted (total) current account surplus of ¥1731.20 billion in the previous month. Market anticipation was for the country's adjusted (total) current account surplus to narrow to ¥1624.40 billion. Foreign investors remained net buyers of Japanese stocks in the previous week Foreign investors were net buyers of ¥543.30 billion worth of Japanese stocks in the week ended 02 June 2017, as compared to being net buyers of ¥129.60 billion worth of Japanese stocks in the previous week. Japanese annualised GDP rose less than expected in 1Q 2017 On a QoQ basis, the final annualised GDP registered a rise of 1.00% in 1Q 2017, in Japan, compared to a revised rise of 1.40% in the previous quarter. The preliminary figures had indicated an advance of 2.20%. Market expectation was for annualised GDP to climb 2.40%. Foreign investors remained net buyers of Japanese bonds in the previous week Foreign investors remained net buyers of ¥484.50 billion worth of Japanese bonds in the week ended 02 June 2017, from being net buyers of a revised ¥456.50 billion worth of Japanese bonds in the previous week. Japanese coincident index rose in April The flash coincident index registered a rise to 117.70 in Japan, in April, higher than market expectations of a rise to 117.50. The coincident index had registered a reading of 114.40 in the previous month. Japanese bank lending including trusts climbed in May Bank lending including trusts recorded a rise of 3.20% on a YoY basis in Japan, in May. In the previous month, bank lending including trusts had registered a rise of 3.00%. Japanese average office vacancies in Tokyo advanced in May Average office vacancies in Tokyo rose 3.41% on a monthly basis, in May, in Japan. In the previous month, average office vacancies in Tokyo had advanced 3.39%. Japanese investors became net buyers of foreign stocks in the previous week Japanese investors were net buyers of ¥443.70 billion worth of foreign stocks in the week ended 02 June 2017, as compared to being net buyers of a revised ¥629.80 billion worth of foreign stocks in the previous week. Japanese current account surplus dropped in April In April, the non-seasonally adjusted current account surplus in Japan dropped to ¥1951.90 billion, compared to a current account surplus of ¥2907.70 billion in the prior month. Markets were anticipating the nation to post a current account surplus of ¥1698.80 billion. Japanese nominal GDP unexpectedly eased in 1Q 2017 In 1Q 2017, on a QoQ basis, the final nominal GDP registered an unexpected drop of 0.30% in Japan, less than market expectations for an unchanged reading. In the previous quarter, nominal GDP had recorded a rise of 0.40%. The preliminary figures had recorded an unchanged reading. Japanese leading economic index dropped in April In April, the preliminary leading economic index dropped to 104.50 in Japan, compared to market expectations of a fall to a level of 104.30. The leading economic index had registered a reading of 105.50 in the previous month. Japanese bank lending ex-trust rose more than expected in May Bank lending ex-trust registered a rise of 3.30% on an annual basis in May, in Japan, compared to an advance of 3.00% in the prior month. Market expectation was for bank lending ex-trust to rise 3.00%. Japanese (BOP basis) trade surplus dropped in April Japan has reported (BOP basis) trade surplus of ¥553.60 billion in April, from a (BOP basis) trade surplus of ¥865.50 billion in the prior month. Markets were anticipating a (BOP basis) trade surplus of ¥494.00 billion. Japanese GDP deflator dropped as expected in 1Q 2017 On a YoY basis, the final GDP deflator recorded a drop of 0.80% in 1Q 2017, in Japan, at par with market expectations. The preliminary figures had also recorded a fall of 0.80%. In the prior quarter, the GDP deflator had recorded a revised unchanged reading. Chinese trade surplus expanded in May Trade surplus in China rose to $40.81 billion in May, from a revised trade surplus of $38.03 billion in the previous month. Markets were expecting the nation to record a trade surplus of $47.80 billion. Chinese exports advanced more than expected in May Exports climbed 8.70% on a YoY basis in China, in May, higher than market expectations for an advance of 7.20%. In the previous month, exports had registered a rise of 8.00%. Chinese imports advanced more than expected in May Imports rose 14.80% on a YoY basis in China, in May, compared to a rise of 11.90% in the previous month. Market expectation was for imports to climb 8.30% . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using...
null
null
null
null
    Home Main News Headline Zimbabwe World Crime & Courts Business Money & Markets Arts & Entertainment Sport Breaking News Politics Banking & Finance Economic Analysis Opinion Columinsts Relationships Education Scie & Tech Health & Fitness Events News Ticker [ 8th June 2017 ] Citroën C3 Connected Cam review: The dashcam that also tweets road trip snaps Motor News & Review [ 8th June 2017 ] Comey says Trump fired him to undermine FBI Russia investigation World [ 8th June 2017 ] Zimbabwe’s fuel prices unrelenting Business [ 8th June 2017 ] Liberia arrives in Harare as coach Debbah declares war Sport [ 8th June 2017 ] Phil Collins suffers head injury in a fall Arts & Entertainment Search for: HomeBusinessGlobal business activity starts 2016 on weak note Global business activity starts 2016 on weak note 3rd February 2016 Staff Reporter Business 95 LONDON – Global economic growth began 2016 on a weak note, surveys of business activity suggested on Wednesday, and with inflation remaining low central banks are seen under pressure to keep monetary policies easy. U.S. and European stocks were lower on Wednesday in the wake the business surveys, though weak oil prices continue to be a major factor in stock and bond markets. US SERVICE SECTOR GROWTH SLOWS U.S. service sector activity slowed in January, suggesting economic growth weakened at the start of the first quarter even though the labor market remained resilient. The U.S. service sector purchasing managers’ index (PMI) from data vendor Markit for Jan fell to 53.2, the lowest since October 2013, from 54.3 in Dec. An index reading above 50 indicates expansion in the sector. Markit’s U.S. composite PMI for both the service and manufacturing sectors fell to 53.2 from 54.0 in Dec. An alternative reading from the U.S. Institute of Supply Management (ISM) showed the service sector PMI fell to 53.5 in January, the lowest since February 2014, from 55.8 in December. ISM’s U.S. manufacturing sector PMI for January, published Monday, showed activity contracted. “Going back a half year or so, it had seemed that the weakness in the economy was fairly isolated in the manufacturing sector as well as a few other areas, mainly energy and exports,” said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. “But we now have these surveys showing that the service sector has weakened as well over the past few months.” EURO ZONE ACTIVITY WEAK Euro zone business activity started 2016 at its weakest in a year, adding to pressure on the ECB to ease monetary policy again. Markit’s euro zone service sector PMI fell to 53.6 in January from 54.2 in December. Markit’s euro zone composite PMI, seen as a good guide to economic growth, fell to 53.6 from December’s 54.3. Markit said the euro zone PMIs point to growth of 0.4 percent at the start of the year, in line with a January Reuters poll. The European Central Bank is expected to cut its deposit rate further into negative territory in March and may increase the 60 billion euros a month it currently spends buying bonds, a Reuters poll found. “Deflationary pressures intensified, as lower oil prices impacted both input and output costs, consistent with our view that the moderate euro area recovery will continue to take place in a ‘missingflation environment'”, said economist Apolline Menut at Barclays Capital. In one bright spot, retail sales across the 19 countries using the euro increased in December as sales of food, drinks and tobacco rose over the Christmas period, according to official data released on Wednesday. However, Britain’s service sector growth was unscathed despite firms’ concerns about the risk of a referendum on European Union membership likely in June. The UK Markit/CIPS services PMI edged up to 55.6 in January, from 55.5 in Dec, to a level it has surpassed only once since July last year. Britain’s economy looks set to expand by 0.6 percent in the first quarter of 2016, picking up from estimated growth of 0.5 percent in the last three months of last year, Markit said. A reading on Britain’s manufacturing sector published on Monday showed the factory sector also grew, while research group NIESR said earlier it expects Britain’s economy to grow 2.3 percent this year, a slight improvement on 2015. The Bank of England is expected on Thursday to keep interest rates at their record low of 0.5 percent, where they have been kept since 2009. ASIA IMPROVES Activity in China’s services sector expanded at its fastest pace in six months in January, helping to offset the weakness in its manufacturing sector. The Caixin/Markit service sector PMI rose to 52.4 in January from a 17-month low reading of 50.2 in December. The increase was the largest since August 2014. On Monday the Caixin/Markit China manufacturing survey had shown the factory sector shrank for an 11th consecutive month in January. A composite Caixin output index covering both manufacturing and services rose to just above 50 in January. In 2015, the contribution from the services sector to China’s GDP climbed to 50.5 percent. China’s official manufacturing PMI showed manufacturing activity contracted at its fastest pace since August 2012, while the official service sector PMI also suggested service sector growth slowed from December. China’s economy grew 6.9 percent in 2015, the weakest pace of growth in a quarter of a century. “The government should continue to deepen reform, relax administrative controls and reduce restrictions on market entry for service providers,” said He Fan, chief economist at Caixin Inight Group. Japan also saw better news with activity in its service sector in January growing at the fastest pace in five months. The Markit/Nikkei Japan service sector PMI rose to 52.4 in January from 51.5 in December, remaining above the 50 threshold for the 10th consecutive month. In 2014, services accounted for 65 percent of Japan’s gross domestic product, while manufacturing had a 21 percent share. The Bank of Japan stunned investors last week by introducing negative interest rates to prevent concerns about a weakening global economy from derailing inflation expectations. Activity in India’s services sector increased at its fastest pace in more than 18 months in January, with the Nikkei/Markit PMI at 54.3 in January from the 53.6 in December, the seventh straight month above the 50-level. India’s manufacturing activity unexpectedly returned to growth in January according to a similar survey published earlier this week. The Reserve Bank of India held its benchmark interest rate at 6.75 percent on Tuesday. Asia’s third-largest economy is expected to grow at a steady rate and outpace China over the coming year. Share this: Related Posts OK Zimbabwe FY profit up 800pct, higher sales spur rebound Stock rout extends as Europe shares fall Oil prices extend slide in commodities sell-off Stocks fall on China data, but stronger euro zone lifts gloom Asia stocks, dollar rise on China inflation data relief Government to reduce pensionable age Asian shares recover after Apple, oil boost Wall Street Why Zimbabwe is now in the grip of deflation Mad Management: Some economic considerations to ponder as election day approaches Global stocks, dollar stumble ahead of Fed, BOJ meetings Share this on WhatsApp Arts & Entertainment Arts & Entertainment Phil Collins suffers head injury in a fall 8th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 Phil Collins has been hospitalised after suffering a head injury in a fall. The 66-year-old musician – who had been playing gigs at London’s Royal Albert Hall this week – fell and hit his head […] Arts & Entertainment We chased that crazy Marley out of this town… 7th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 It was going to be the perfect prelude to Madaraka Day — the day we obtained self-government in advance of full Independence. Damien Marley in concert, the youngest son of the late, great Bob Marley […] Arts & Entertainment Rihanna shares hilarious Gucci Mane meme after she is called ‘fat 6th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 Rihanna has hit back at body shamers in the most hilarious way possible. The Works hitmaker took to social media on Monday 5 June, to share a meme about Gucci Mane to clap back at […] Arts & Entertainment Kendrick Lamar mocked for buying sister ‘cheap’ graduation present – Toyota responds 6th June 2017 Staff Reporter 0 Kendrick Lamar is known to be one of the most frugal rappers in the game. Therefore it should come as no surprise that the Money Trees hitmaker chose not to buy his younger sister a […]   Previous article Next article 52 Comments on Global business activity starts 2016 on weak note Callaway Golf store 2nd May 2017 at 08:58 Im still learning from you, while Im making my way to the top as well. I absolutely enjoy reading all that is posted on your site.Keep the stories coming. I liked it! Callaway Golf store http://www.callawaygolfstore.online Reply Air max pas cher 3rd May 2017 at 18:46 How do i forward my blogspot account to my website domain name? Reply nfl store europe 3rd May 2017 at 23:26 ee weblog! nfl store europe http://www.nflstore.online Reply ugg boots outlet 4th May 2017 at 12:32 Its rare for me to discover something on the net that is as entertaining and intriguing as what you have got here. Your page is lovely, your graphics are great, and whats more, you use source that are relevant to what you are talking about. Youre definitely one in a million, good job! ugg boots outlet http://www.uggbootsoutlet.online Reply Vibro plates in New Ross 4th May 2017 at 21:21 When trying to publish a book wouldn’t you protect your story or content with a copyright? Vibro plates in New Ross http://vibroplates.ie/vibro-plates-in-new-ross.html Reply roberto cavalli sample sale 6th May 2017 at 02:59 Dear admin, thanks for providing this blog post. I found it great. Take care, roberto cavalli sample sale http://www.robertocavallisale.online Reply Jack Wolfskin Outlet online 6th May 2017 at 14:53 Very nice site you have here, has useful information that can apply to anyone 🙂 Jack Wolfskin Outlet online http://www.jackwolfskinoutlet.online Reply hermes chaussures femme 7th May 2017 at 09:56 ﻿tourné tôt pour Fonds possibleSocial pour la paix et le développement dans les régions de conflit des Philippines? 241continuation et l’expansion de l’effort. Le forPeace Fonds social ARMM et le développement envisagé quatre buts. Ceux-ci comprennent creatingpartnerships entre les parties prenantes autrefois sur des côtés opposés, etgénérer des opportunités temporaires et à long terme, emploi especiallyfor femmes et les jeunes hors de l’école, parfois en aidant les micro-entreprises. Le programme successeur visant à améliorer l’accès des communautés pauvres, touchées par le conflit aux services médicaux et sociaux, et de la gouvernance improvelocal et des capacités institutionnelles, avec un ontransparency d’accent et les ONG à base de accountability.Faith et d’autres organisations de la société civile sont attendus TOPlay significative et rôle dans la poursuite Reply oaklley 8th May 2017 at 01:11 http://franchise.thebodyshop.com/wp-content/glass/2017-occhiali-da-vista-it-723.cfmray ban occhiali da sole Reply get a fake id 8th May 2017 at 01:27 http://www.bl0769.comfake id texas Reply parajumpers bomber jacket 8th May 2017 at 08:10 Odd , this page shows up with a black color to it, what color is the primary color on your webpage? parajumpers bomber jacket http://www.cheapparajumpers.online Reply lv outlet store 8th May 2017 at 12:02 keep up the good work on the blog. I kinda like it! Could use some more frequent updates, but im sure you got more or better stuff to do , hehe. lv outlet store http://www.shoplvlv.us Reply keen outlet store 8th May 2017 at 13:27 Hands down, Apples app store wins by a mile. Its a huge selection of all sorts of apps vs a rather sad selection of a handful for Zune. Microsoft has plans, especially in the realm of games, but Im not sure Id want to bet on the future if this aspect is important to you. The iPod is a much better choice in that case. Technically, colitis disease is an inflammation of the colon. keen outlet store http://www.keenstore.online Reply bracelet hermes femme 9th May 2017 at 10:43 ﻿sont dans une certaine mesure esthétique qu’ils partlyrepresent la même idée qui régulait l’expression de la souffrance inGreek art. Mais ils sont beaucoup plus moral que l’esthétique, comme nous shallpresently observe.From cette étiquette primaire du sourire, il a été développé étiquette asecondary, dont le respect a impelledforeigners fréquemment pour former les plus cruelles erreurs de jugement quant à sensibil-ity japonais. Il est la coutume native que chaque fois qu’un fait douloureux ou choquant DOIT être dit, l’annonce devrait être faite, par la victime, avec un smile.179The Graver le sujet, plus accentué le sourire; et quand thematter est très désagréable pour la personne qui parle de lui, les oftenchanges sourire à un bas, rire doux. Cependant amèrement la mère qui a losther premier-né peut avoir pleuré à la Reply arcteryx backpack sale 10th May 2017 at 12:20 great tips. perhaps i have carried out half or 3/4 of this arcteryx backpack sale http://www.arcteryxstore.online Reply vibram fivefingers sale 10th May 2017 at 13:17 Hi! I have been searching for an interesting costume, do You know a webshop where I could buy it? Bye! vibram fivefingers sale http://www.vibramfivefingerssale.online Reply chanel department store 12th May 2017 at 02:14 Ive meant to publish about something like th is on one of my blogs and th is gave me an notion. TY. chanel department store http://www.angigreene.com/chanel/ Reply factory ecco outlet 12th May 2017 at 12:11 Good work there. I must appreciate author as well. factory ecco outlet http://www.eccoonlinestore.com Reply merrell mens sandals sale 12th May 2017 at 18:06 thank you for your great article and blog it makes my day merrell mens sandals sale http://www.merrellstore.online Reply pierre hardy calamity 13th May 2017 at 17:53 I like this post, enjoyed this one regards for putting up. pierre hardy calamity Reply patagonia outlet store 14th May 2017 at 10:27 I really enjoy this theme you have got going on in your web site. What is the name of the theme by the way? I was thinking of using this style for the website I am going to construct for my school project. patagonia outlet store http://www.joessmogtestonly.com/patagonia/ Reply discount coach outlet 14th May 2017 at 19:18 Aw, this was a very nice post. In thought I want to put in writing like this moreover – taking time and actual effort to make an excellent article however what can I say I procrastinate alot and by no means appear to get something done. discount coach outlet http://www.tooast.co.uk Reply cheap Louis Vuitton outlet 14th May 2017 at 19:19 I usually dont commonly post on many another Blogs, however Thank you very much keep up the amazing work. Ok regrettably its time to get to school. cheap Louis Vuitton outlet http://www.nordstromoutlet.online Reply http://www.Linux.Net 15th May 2017 at 02:47 Hey just wanted tto give you a quick hheads up. The text in your post seem to be running offf the screen in Firefox. I’m not sure if this is a formattkng issue or something to doo with internet browser compafibility but I figured I’d post to leet you know. The layout look great though! Hoppe you get the issue resolved soon. Cheers Reply Make fake id online 19th May 2017 at 14:39 http://symposia.org/FAKEID/fake id master Reply fake id master 20th May 2017 at 09:13 http://www.fatshadow.com/IDCARD/ florida fake id Reply Air max pas cher 20th May 2017 at 14:34 Hello! I just would like to give a huge thumbs up for the great info you have here on this post. I will be coming back to your blog for more soon. Reply fake id online maker 22nd May 2017 at 06:27 http://www.hollydickens.com/kmnj.php?id=3o2tuvd8wem.pdffake id generator online free Reply how to make a fake Pennsylvania driver's license 22nd May 2017 at 14:33 http://www.hollydickens.com/kmnj.php?id=9m8rpjb9kzt.pdffake id that scan Reply fake Maine id card 22nd May 2017 at 18:32 http://www.hollydickens.com/kmnj.php?id=6w2tpnh6nbq.pdffakies review Reply fake driver license maker 23rd May 2017 at 02:29 http://www.hollydickens.com/kmnj.php?id=0d0rhvw2pnd.pdfhow to make a fake id card at home Reply Google matka online 23rd May 2017 at 10:21 Want to read more from you admin. x front teacher sg great fun Reply satka matka online 23rd May 2017 at 10:23 Very interesting article posted here. Great fun . X back teacher more info – website please visit Reply Google matka online 23rd May 2017 at 10:23 Your blog is wonderful. x front teacher sg great fun Reply satka matka online 23rd May 2017 at 10:25 Beautiful post by the admin. Great fun . X back teacher more info – website please visit Reply Google matka online 23rd May 2017 at 10:26 A nice post from the admin desk. Great fun . X back teacher more info – website please visit Reply google casino 24th May 2017 at 12:11 Beautiful post by the admin. Great fun . X back teacher more info – website please visit Reply golden goose chaussure 25th May 2017 at 01:23 ﻿ceux-ci restent à leur enseigner anythingelse que d’aller par les ordres et se maintenir dans les whethermarching ou combattre: dont ils facilement enseignés en mélangeant themselveswith eux, de sorte que, en sachant comment garder obéir aux ordres, ils couldexist plus dans le army.COSIMOWould vous demandez-leur de former cette façon maintenant FABRIZIOMany de ceux qui ont été mentionnés, comme la course la lutte, les faire sauter, en les faisant travailler dur sous les armes plus lourdes than43the ordinaire, ce qui les rend attirent l’arbalète et la fronde?; à laquelle Iwould ajouter l’arme légère, un nouvel instrument comme vous le savez, et un néces-saire. Et j’accoutumer tous les jeunes de mon Etat à ce train-ing: mais cette partie d’entre eux que je me suis inscrit à se battre, je former wouldespecially avec une plus grande de l’industrie et plus de sollicitude, et je wouldtrain Reply Vibro plates in Claregalway 25th May 2017 at 08:14 Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to far added agreeable from you! However, how could we communicate? Reply casino 25th May 2017 at 09:18 You post is awesome man. Great fun . X back teacher more info – website please visit Reply Beauty Training Courses Hampshire 25th May 2017 at 17:02 Wow, awesome blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your web site is fantastic, let alone the content! Reply coffret parfum hermes 27th May 2017 at 12:43 ﻿et une lettre. Je l’ai écrit à hisdictation alors qu’il était en train de mourir. Il a vécu à peine une heure afterward.The étranger baissa la tête au cri affligé que son newselicited du prêtre, qui, après quelques instants effort vain de parler, ouvrit la lettre et lut: Mon cher ami, Il est sans faute mans mais le mien que je havecome à cela. J’ai eu beaucoup de chance, et dernièrement ai compter thedays jusqu’à ce que je devrais rentrer chez eux. Mais la nuit dernière lourde nouvelles de NewOrleans me parvint, et je déchira la fleur pressé en morceaux. Sous la firstsmart et l’humiliation de la foi brisée I a été rendue désespérée, et pickeda inutile querelle. Dieu merci, il est moi qui ai la punition. Par dearfriend, comme je mens ici, en laissant un monde qu’aucun homme ait jamais aimé plus, je havecome de vous comprendre. Pour vous et votre Reply Michaspeex 31st May 2017 at 20:56 Xenical Prix En France [url=http://buyizot.xyz/order-accutane-online.php]Order Accutane Online[/url] Baclofene Article Le Monde How To Buy Synthroid Online [url=http://buynolva.xyz/where-to-buy-nolvadex.php]Where To Buy Nolvadex[/url] Shipped Ups Acticin Where To Order Free Shipping Online Stendra Worldwide [url=http://buycheapdapoxonline.xyz/buy-dapoxetine-priligy.php]Buy Dapoxetine Priligy[/url] Tadalafil France Levitra 5 Mg Contro L Impotenza [url=http://buyzol.xyz/order-zoloft-in-usa.php]Order Zoloft In Usa[/url] Levaquin Medicine Without A Script Overseas Delivered On Saturday Kamagra Super [url=http://nolva.xyz/best-place-to-buy-nolvadex.php]Best Place To Buy Nolvadex[/url] Buy Prevacid Online Cheap Cephalexin Sample [url=http://buyclomiphene1.xyz/how-much-is-clomid.php]How Much Is Clomid[/url] Propecia Ahumada Viagra Kaufen Bremen [url=http://nolva.xyz/buy-nolvadex-online.php]Buy Nolvadex Online[/url] Viagra Prix Levitra 10 Mg Prezzo [url=http://nolva.xyz/where-can-i-buy-nolvadex-online.php]Where Can I Buy Nolvadex Online[/url] Dutasteride 0.5mg Direct Website Mastercard With Overnight Delivery Comprare Levitra Generico [url=http://leviusa.com]buy levitra generic online[/url] Flagyl 400 Er Noble Drugstore [url=http://cialis-cheap.BuyCial.com]Cialis Cheap[/url] Cialis Equivalent Naturel Viagra Super P Force [url=http://buyzithro.xyz/buy-azithromycin.php]Buy Azithromycin[/url] Acquistare Finasteride Propecia Generico Safe Place Online To Order Cytotec [url=http://strat1.xyz/no-prescription-strattera.php]No Prescription Strattera[/url] Amoxicillin Overdose Infant Cytotec 200 РћСљg [url=http://buyprednis.xyz/deltasone.php]Deltasone[/url] Pharmacy World Canada Reviews Amoxicillin Blood Pressure Dangers [url=http://nolva.xyz/order-nolvadex-no-prescription.php]Order Nolvadex No Prescription[/url] Buy Lasix Without A Prescription Online Elocon Elocon Cream For Sale Harrogate [url=http://viag1.xyz/low-price-viagra.php]Low Price Viagra[/url] Cialis Black Market Price 274 Zithromax Price Without Insurance [url=http://viag1.xyz/viagra-pills.php]Viagra Pills[/url] Qsymia No Prescription Online Amoxicillin And Clavulanate Potassium Overdose [url=http://deltas.xyz/purchase-deltasone-40mg.php]Purchase Deltasone 40mg[/url] Celexa No Prescription Us Pharmacy Kamagra Discount Code [url=http://amox1.xyz/amoxil-cost.php]Amoxil Cost[/url] How To Buy Viagra Pills How To Buy Cialis Cheap [url=http://viag1.xyz/viagra-price.php]Viagra Price[/url] Prednisolone Tablets Online Cheapest Prices On Suhagra 100 [url=http://doxyc.xyz/doxycycline-online.php]Doxycycline Online[/url] Zithromax Shipped Overnight Propecia Buy Online Canada [url=http://buykama.xyz/buy-kamagra-online-100mg.php]Buy Kamagra Online 100mg[/url] Kamagra Original Falschung Priligy Niederlande [url=http://buycheapind.xyz/propranolol-free-trial.php]Propranolol Free Trial[/url] Discount Isotretinoin Dexamethasone Fast Delivery [url=http://cialusa.com]cialis[/url] Cialis Malaysia Order Plavix Online Uk [url=http://cial1.xyz/generic-cialis-online.php]Generic Cialis Online[/url] American Online Pharmacy Indoacin [url=http://order-cialis-online-usa.BuyCial.com]Order Cialis Online Usa[/url] Cephalexin Oral Suspension Zithromax One Time Dose [url=http://buy-cheap-cialis-on-line.cial5mg.com]Buy Cheap Cialis On Line[/url] Interaction Amoxicillin With Doxicillin Levitra Farmacia [url=http://antabusa.xyz/buy-antabuse-online-usa.php]Buy Antabuse Online Usa[/url] Will High Single Dose Amoxicillin Chlamydia Meilleure Facon De Prendre Priligy [url=http://doxyc.xyz/cost-of-vibramycin.php]Cost Of Vibramycin[/url] Liquid Amoxicillin For Kittens Cheap Cialis Extra Strength [url=http://zol1.xyz/implicane-online.php]Implicane Online[/url] Archive Amoxil Blog Achetent Inurl Cialis Farmaco [url=http://cheap-cialis-40mg.BuyCial.com]Cheap Cialis 40mg[/url] Generic Cialis Online Cheap Propecia E Ereccion [url=http://buyal.xyz/orlistat-tablets.php]Orlistat Tablets[/url] Acheter Cialis Quebec Propecia Es Igual Que Proscar [url=http://cialusa.com]cialis online[/url] Buy Amoxicillin 500mg No Prescription Cialis Online Europe [url=http://5553pill.xyz/buy-doxycycline-online.php]Buy Doxycycline Online[/url] Acticin Elimite Drugs On Line Cialis 20mg Pellic [url=http://levi1.xyz/best-price-on-levitra.php]Best Price On Levitra[/url] Minoxidil Baclofen Commander [url=http://cyto1.xyz/how-much-is-cytotec.php]How Much Is Cytotec[/url] Compra Viagra Calidad Best Online Canadian Pharcharmy [url=http://buystrat.xyz/cheap-strattera-no-rx.php]Cheap Strattera No Rx[/url] Viagra Kaufen Tipps Buy Keflex [url=http://nolva.xyz/purchase-nolvadex.php]Purchase Nolvadex[/url] Best Buy Direct Doryx Low Price Reply Michaspeex 4th June 2017 at 02:02 Prevacid Edmonton [url=http://bpdrugs.com/purchase-cialis.php]Purchase Cialis[/url] Generic Viagra Cheap Acheter Cialis Sur Paris [url=http://cialcost.com/generic-cialis-cheapest.php]Generic Cialis Cheapest[/url] Effets Cialis Generique Ajanta Pharma Generic Viagra [url=http://cialis-online-no.BuyCial.com]Cialis Online No[/url] Priligy 30 Mg Vademecum Achat De Ciprofloxacin En Ligne [url=http://buy-priligy-dapoxetine.priliorder.com]Buy Priligy Dapoxetine[/url] Dapoxetina Prezzo Canada Pharmacy On Line [url=http://buy-generic-priligy.priliorder.com]Buy Generic Priligy[/url] Listino Levitra In Farmacia Viagra Espagne Sans Ordonnance [url=http://cialis-online-pharmacy.BuyCial.com]Cialis Online Pharmacy[/url] Propecia Pastilla Cialis Soft Moins Cher [url=http://viagra-online-online.viasample.com]Viagra Online Online[/url] Propecia Organic Was Kostet Viagra In Apotheke [url=http://low-cost-propecia.propecorder.com]Low Cost Propecia[/url] Acheter Dapoxetine Hcl En Ligne Isotretinoin Acutane [url=http://brandcial.com/buy-cialis.php]Buy Cialis[/url] Kamagra Oral Jelly Legal Ciprofloxacin Functional Groups [url=http://bpdrugs.com/buy-cialis-online.php]Buy Cialis Online[/url] Cialis Info Donde Comprar Viagra Por Internet [url=http://viacheap.com]viagra[/url] Ebay Cialis Generico Doxycycline From Mexico [url=http://leviusa.com]levitra in canada discount code[/url] Tadalis Sx Soft Buy Cephalexin With A Chocolate Malt [url=http://brandcial.com/brand-cialis-online.php]Brand Cialis Online[/url] Cialis O Viagra Cual Comprar How Amoxicillin Works [url=http://levipill.com/buy-levitra-20mg-usa.php]Buy Levitra 20mg Usa[/url] Can You Take Naproxen With Prednisone Propecia Configurar [url=http://cialbuy.com]cialis buy online[/url] Buy Cipro In Canada Dealing With Anger Caused By Cymbalta [url=http://bpdrugs.com/cialis-5mg.php]Cialis 5mg[/url] Propecia Finasteride 1mg Colombia Comprar Propecia [url=http://cialusa.com]cialis online[/url] Pyridium No Script Needed Low Price Amoxicillin Allergies [url=http://buying-propecia.propecorder.com]Buying Propecia[/url] Can Amoxicillin Get You High Propecia How Much Prescription [url=http://cheapest-cialis.tadalaf.com]Cheapest Cialis[/url] Secure Buy Cialis Online Europ Buy Cheap Finasteride [url=http://cialusa.com]cialis online[/url] Crohn’S Disease Cephalexin Online No Rx Pharmacy [url=http://newisotretinoin.com/accutane-capsules.php]Accutane Capsules[/url] Propecia Skin Rash Drugs Viagra Gibraltar [url=http://levitra-in-usa.buylevi.com]Levitra In Usa[/url] Viagra Testo Levitra Billig [url=http://leviusa.com]cheapest brand name levitra[/url] Viagra With Out Prescription Vendita Cialis Ebay [url=http://propecia-generic-usa.propecpills.com]Propecia Generic Usa[/url] All Pill Shop Buy Viagra In Canada Legally [url=http://bpdrugs.com/cialis-5mg.php]Cialis 5mg[/url] Average Cost Of Viagra 100mg In at per cent it was still above the level. All of the credit scores provided by Experian are based on the Vantage. [url=http://quickloan-24.com]cash advance[/url] The effects on a credit score of default on a small loan are pretty much the same as a default on a much larger one. For Example Bruce Buyer and Barbara Buyer husband and wife as community property.com Destination BC visitTravelDestination BCnavigationwww Home Guides visitReal EstateHome Guidesnavigationwww Inside Scoop SF visitFoodInside Scoop SFnavigationwww Games visitAEGamesnavigationwww Federal Trade Commission Consumer Information Home Equity Loans and Lines of Credit Politics visitNewsPoliticsnavigationwww Houzz visitLivingHouzznavigationwww The Daily Dish visitAEThe Daily Dishnavigationwww Terms of Use visitHomeTerms of Usenavigationwww Mexico visitTravelMexiconavigationwww Job Events visitJobsJob Eventsnavigationwww Sponsored visitLivingSponsorednavigationwww As visitSportsAsnavigationwww Things to Know About Home Equity Financing Is It Possible to Have a FHA Loan Get a Second Property with a Conventional Mortgage Loan On the Block Blog visitReal EstateOn the Block Blognavigationwww Lust visitLivingLustnavigationwww Mind Your Business visitBusinessMind Your Businessnavigationwww If you are smelling a burning smell in a ceiling fan.Amoxicillin Dose For Humans [url=http://costofvia.com/biuy-viagra-online.php]Biuy Viagra Online[/url] Cialis Achat Pas Cher Best Online Penicillin [url=http://how-to-buy-kamagra.kamagorder.com]How To Buy Kamagra[/url] Dove Comprare Viagra Sicuro Online Consultation Propecia [url=http://costofvia.com/brand-viagra-online.php]Brand Viagra Online[/url] Free Amoxicillin In Montgomery Alabama Buy Domperidone Without Prescription [url=http://viacheap.com]viagra[/url] Achat Viagra Ligne France Purchasing Acticin Best Website Pills Overseas Next Day [url=http://low-cost-generic-kamagra.kamagpills.com]Low Cost Generic Kamagra[/url] Reliable Phyrmacy Codes Viagra Joke [url=http://levicost.com]buy levitra on line[/url] Buy Online Cialis Without Prescription Reply chase credit card login 4th June 2017 at 17:19 Clients of Genghis Capital, a company closely associated with Chase Bank Group, continue to be unable to access their funds five weeks since reopening from the bank. Reply hermes bel ami 5th June 2017 at 10:12 ﻿couru à Hercules, et a le temps downTANGLEWOOD TALES43another blow.This, scélérat, cria-t-il, vous n’échappera me.But une fois de plus Hercules conjuré la course avec son club, et l’arbre theGiants de pin a été brisé en mille éclats, la plupart des whichflew chez les Pygmées et les a fait plus de mal que j’aime thinkabout. Avant Antaeus pourrait sortir de la voie, Hercules laisser conduire à nouveau, et lui a donné une autre Knock- bas coup, ce qui lui a envoyé des talons sur la tête, mais ne servait qu’à augmenter ses déjà énormes et insupportables strength.As pour sa rage, il n’y a pas dire ce que la fournaise de feu qu’il avait maintenant obtenu à be.His un œil était rien, mais un cercle de flamme rouge. Ayant maintenant noweapons mais ses poings, il les a doublé chaque plus grand qu’un muid, battit un contre l’autre, et dansé Reply basket golden goose 8th June 2017 at 01:28 ﻿areonly donnée aux enfants, qui doivent venir pendant la journée, ou en summerwhen les soirées sont trop légers pour permettre une performance en plein air. En theordinary façon, la nuit, un grand écran est fixé dans l’ouverture. Il y a trou aspecial couper dans le côté du wagon, et à travers ce thekinematograph jette son image sur le grand écran à l’extérieur, de sorte que des milliers thatseveral peut le voir à la fois. L’enthousiasme Burov a insisté onworking par un couple de films pour nous, montrant les boyscouts communistes dans leurs camps de pays, childrens réunions à Petrograd, et theBig manifestations de l’année dernière en l’honneur de la Troisième Internationale. Hewas extrêmement déçus que Radek, étant pressé, a refusé de WAITFOR une performance du Père et son Fils, un drame qui, il assuredus avec des larmes dans Reply satka matka online 8th June 2017 at 05:30 Useful and very helpful article by the admin. x front teacher sg great fun Reply Google matka online 8th June 2017 at 05:31 Its a superb blog. Great fun . X back teacher more info – website please visit Reply Felicia Klein 8th June 2017 at 17:26 After I initially left a comment I seem to have clicked on the -Notify me when new comments are added- checkbox and now whenever a comment is added I receive 4 emails with the same comment. Is there an easy method you can remove me from that service? Thanks! Reply Connor Akin 8th June 2017 at 17:32 Hey just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The text in your post seem to be running off the screen in Firefox. I’m not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with web browser compatibility but I thought I’d post to let you know. The design and style look great though! Hope you get the issue fixed soon. Cheers Reply Kendall 8th June 2017 at 17:38 hello there and thank you for your information – I’ve definitely picked up anything new from right here. I did however expertise several technical issues using this site, since I experienced to reload the web site many times previous to I could get it to load correctly. I had been wondering if your web hosting is OK? Not that I’m complaining, but slow loading instances times will very frequently affect your placement in google and can damage your high quality score if advertising and marketing with Adwords. Well I am adding this RSS to my email and can look out for much more of your respective intriguing content. Make sure you update this again soon. Reply 43 Trackbacks & Pingbacks charity fraudster Best Newspaper in India para kazanmak Sandra balan computer kopen Aalten outlet ullared kimim ben une bite office furniture gauteng fertigyn 5000 lawyer Zimbabwe Demands Industries Pay in Advance for Imported Power – 263AfricaNews international removals dublin Foreign Currency Exchange apps kimsin sen Bilskrot Göteborg trump for children home improvement kalpa pharmaceuticals supplier hernia mesh lawsuit buy stanozolol tablets empresa informatica hampton bay Skrota bilen gratis hire a lawyer Dicito joker casino malaysia good Free Adult Chat UK Chat Rooms economics tuition clicking here visit this page security roadside assistance economics tuition singapore is motor club america a scam Best Best Online News in the World Best Best Online News in the World Best Best Online News in the World GVK BIO Best Best Online News in the World Switch Energy Supplier Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website In the Spotlight Citroën C3 Connected Cam review: The dashcam that also tweets road trip snaps by Staff Reporter in Motor News & Review 0 As roads get busier and insurance premiums continue upwards, dashcams – cameras mounted to the dashboard or windscreen and pointing forward to record collisions – are becoming increasingly popular among drivers. There is already a [...] Follow on Facebook   In the Spotlight Mpilo hospital scores a first by Staff Reporter in Health & Fitness 0 MPILO Central Hospital in Bulawayo is set to roll out nuclear medicine, the first institution to do so in Zimbabwe, and this will result in advanced diagnosis and treatment of cancer, heart, lung, kidney diseases [...] Event Updater Winky D live in London. Video by Reminiscs Msgs Madirirano SA Tour, Capetown. Video by Simbarashe Chakare Sulumani Chimbetu Live in Edmonton, Canada. Video by Africa RadioShow Jah Prayzah in London. Video by Belinda Magejo Fungisayi in London. Video by Ezra Tshisa Sibanda Zodwa Wabantu video by Ezra Tshisa Sibanda Zimbabwe Gospel Artist Tyra Chikocho popularly known as Madam Boss singing LIVE in Leicester, United Kingdom. - Video by Obert Mazivisa Editor’s Citroën C3 Connected Cam review: The dashcam that also tweets road trip snaps Comey says Trump fired him to undermine FBI Russia investigation Zimbabwe’s fuel prices unrelenting Liberia arrives in Harare as coach Debbah declares war Phil Collins suffers head injury in a fall Cuthbert Dube and the battle against greed Barclays deal under threat Zimbabwe govt domestic debt up 40pct to $4bln in Q1 Govt To Blame For Death Of 43 In Bus Crash – MDC CIO, police tiff escalates label tudung: label tudung [...]although sites we backlink to beneath are considerably not associated to ours, we feel they're in fact… site tutorial: If you are nonetheless on the fence: get your favorite earphones, intellect down in the direction of a Suitable Obtain… duck hunting blog: Major thankies for the blog post.Thanks Again. Great. News in Motion ZHL sees growth in Mozambique, shareholders approve $15mln rights offer 28th January 2015 100 Dollar gains, U.S. yields rise as investors await Fed 22nd August 2016 2 Parties laughs off Afrobarometer poll survey joke 10th May 2017 0 ZSE market capitalisation grows to $4bln in April 2nd May 2017 0 ‘Fixing Zimbabwe’s Economy An Uphill Task’ – Analysts 17th May 2016 6 ‘Tsvangirai leaves hospital, expected home soon’ 30th May 2016 1377 OPPOSITION MDC-T leader Morgan Tsvangirai has been discharged from a private South African hospital where he was admitted since last week and is expected home anytime soon, NewsDay has learnt. BY PHYLLIS MBANJE In a [...] Hunger stalks Buhera 17th April 2016 857 Jonathan Moyo according to Wikileaks-Part One 22nd October 2016 713 Shamu to topple Mutsvangwa 16th August 2016 583 Botswana Public Floggings Scaring Zimbabweans 27th March 2016 500 About Us Authors Staff Reporter published 14072 articles admin published 1 articles Contact us: editor@thezimbabwemail.com, opinion@thezimbabwemai Staff Reporter published 14072 articles admin published 1 articles Copyright © 2017 | The Zimbabwe Mail Online News
null
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS GVK, Lanco trip over Australian coal mines Hold Crompton Greaves Consumer Electricals, target Rs 246 : Reliance Securities Why private sector capex may not take off quickly Buy Kolte-Patil Developers Ltd. target Rs 195 : HDFC Securities Neutral call on United Spirits Ltd. target Rs 2415 : Motilal Oswal Securities Reduce call on Hindalco Industries Ltd. target Rs 169 : Reliance Securities Buy Hindalco Industries, target Rs 230 : Centrum Broking Sebi body wants review of position limits for commodity futures Will market rally more? Long-term charts show Nifty’s near-term top at 10,000-10,200 Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Markets Data Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminiumAluminium MiniNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 11:42 AM | 09 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,157-55.94 NIFTY 50 9,629-18.10 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,040-91.00 USD/INR 64.260.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments Packed Thursday to test financial markets not easily flummoxed Bloomberg| Updated: Jun 08, 2017, 10.45 AM IST READ MORE ON » volatilitystocksRecessionmarketsMarketliquidityInflation To be sure, the market itself has flashed signs of caution, especially when it comes to U.S. equity valuations. Call it the Teflon market. The world’s on edge over everything from rising tension in the Middle East to an uncertain U.K. election to the turmoil surrounding the Trump administration. Yet financial markets chug along as if nothing’s amiss -- global stocks are churning just 0.4 per cent below all-time highs, while volatility in equities, bonds and currencies remains dormant and money continues to pour into riskier developing nations. It’s a pattern that’s held for the better part of the year, with the odd bout of angst thrown in. Investors have discounted geopolitical risks as idiosyncratic and focused instead on a global economy that’s powering higher amid persistently low inflation. With central banks assuring they’ll remove years of stimulus only gradually, risk tolerance remains robust. “While you may get little spikes in risk aversion at times, markets are looking through them, as long as the underlying fundamentals remain supportive,” said Peter Kinsella, a senior currency and rates strategist at Commonwealth Bank of Australia from London. Then there’s Thursday. The European Central Bank’s rate decision will unveil officials’ views on inflation and how long they’ll leave the monetary spigot flowing. Former FBI Director James Comey testifies to a Senate committee on his interactions with President Donald Trump. And the day ends with the outcome of a U.K. election that polls show tightening into the vote. “Investors are mindful of the event risks, but the liquidity trade is by far the most important and most dominant factor,” said Mark Nash, head of global bonds at Old Mutual Global Investors in London. “It makes the market very forgiving.” Look no further than the economy for a reason why. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development on Wednesday raised its forecast for global growth this year to 3.5 per cent from 3.3 per cent as of March. Historically, it’s generally taken prolonged economic contraction to end a bull market, and JPMorgan Chase & Co. notes that no rally has peaked longer than a year before a recession has started. “We have this kind of Goldilocks world continuing where no one sees any dramatic threats to growth on the horizon,” said Rupert Harrison, chief macro strategist at BlackRock in London on Bloomberg Television. “This is still a very unloved rally in terms of the equity markets. We still think it has some further to go.” The ECB is least likely to disrupt the calm Thursday, with the central bank preparing to cut its inflation outlook at the policy meeting, boosting the prospect stimulus will remain in place longer, Bloomberg reported. In the U.S., investors have long anticipated the Federal Reserve will tighten at its meeting next week -- though the pace from there remains glacial, according to the Fed fund futures. While the latest diplomatic spat among Qatar and its Arab neighbors exacerbated geopolitical concerns, market risks from such events have been fleeting in recent years, including Russia’s annexation of Crimea and the U.K.’s vote to exit the European Union. Jens Nystedt, a senior portfolio manager at Morgan Stanley Investment Management, examined major political events since World War II and found that any initial selloff only proved to be buying opportunities. Comey’s testimony could see the market add to rising speculation the Trump administration won’t be able to push through tax and regulatory overhauls aimed at boosting growth -- though the so-called Trump trade expired weeks ago. Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s gauges of high-tax stocks, for instance, have been underperforming low-tax companies, suggesting little expectations for reform in that area. The market cares about politics that have an impact on the economy. That’s not likely on Thursday, said CBA’s Kinsella. “Investors can see that political risks rarely result in market negative outcomes over the longer term,” he said. To be sure, the market itself has flashed signs of caution, especially when it comes to U.S. equity valuations. The Shiller Cyclical Adjusted P/E ratio reached the most expensive level since the dot-com bubble, while the credit market has shown hints of stress as household borrowings surged to a record $12.7 trillion. Billionaire investor Bill Gross warned Wednesday that U.S. markets are at their highest risk levels since before the 2008 financial crisis because of the lofty valuation. “Instead of buying low and selling high, you’re buying high and crossing your fingers,” Gross, manager of the $2 billion Janus Henderson Global Unconstrained Bond Fund, said at the Bloomberg Invest New York summit. READ MORE ON » volatilitystocksRecessionmarketsMarketliquidityInflation Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1Packed Thursday to test financial markets not easily flummoxed GVK, Lanco trip over Australian coal mines Why private sector capex may not take off quickly Will market rally more? Long-term charts show Nifty’s near-term top at 10,000-10,200 Snap is year's most-shorted tech IPO before lockup ends Market now: BSE IT in the red for the third straight day Expert view: RBI cautiously opens up space for a rate cut Market due for correction in short term, says CLSA's Balanco ETMarkets Morning Podcast: What's buzzing on Dalal Street this morning Reliance Capital's likely to list general insurance unit, now Sensex, Nifty50 start on a negative note; Infosys, GAIL top losers BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
null
null
null
null
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Learn more about the new design and provide your feedback. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/u-s-steel-thanks-for-the-upgrade-1496863224 Stocks to Watch U.S. Steel: Thanks For the Upgrade! A mid-day upgrade from Standpoint research helped U.S. Steel shares stage a late afternoon rally. By Ben Levisohn June 7, 2017 3:20 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Early this afternoon, U.S. Steel (X) had given back most of the gains it had made after JPMorgan's Michael Gambardella said that the stock's recent weakness had created an "excellent entry point for investors." Then Standpoint Research's Ronnie Moas upgraded the stock. Illustration: Agence France-Presse/Getty Images Moas is one of the few analysts willing to upgrade or downgrade a stock while the market is open, and his rating changes can cause sudden moves in stocks. Moas explains why he upgraded U.S. Steel: I have gone in-and-out of US Steel three times in the past locking in gains of 18%, 19%, and 108% … the stock is down 50% off its 52-week high and is once again undervalued. I am reinstating this recommendation with a 2018-2019 price target of $28... US Steel is trading at 10X estimates for next year. There is some debt but there is also $1.2 bln in cash versus the $3.6 bln market capitalization. This is a high-beta, cyclical name with my fear of a recession and/or market correction offset by the expectation/hope that a significant infrastructure spending bill will be passed. U.S. Steel traded up as much as 3.9% at $21.08 this morning, before slipping to $20.04 at 1:18 p.m., down 1.2%. At 2pm it was trading up 0.9% at $20.48. Here's a chart of how U.S. Steel has traded today: Illustration: FactSet Shares of U.S. Steel have gained 2.6% to $20.82 at 3:08 p.m. today. Moas upgrade might not be the only reason for U.S. Steel's bounce, but it most certainly helped. Text Size Regular Medium Large Stocks Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS The Big Shrug: Dow Gains 40 Points as Comey Statement Released NEXT The Biggest Loser: Newfield Exploration Sinks 7% as Oil Craters Most Popular Exxon Mobil Stock Seen Reaching $90 Back Where We Started: Dow Fails to Hold Record High as Blue Chips Unmoved By Comey Glad That’s Over: Dow Hits New High as Comey Testimony Changes Nothing Alibaba Stock Catapults To All-Time High iPhone 8: Why T-Mobile Could Be the Big Winner Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Your Evening Briefing Here are today's top stories Bloomberg News June 7, 2017, 4:15 PM EDT Comey Says Trump Asked Him to End Flynn Investigation Want to receive this post in your inbox every afternoon? Sign up here. Are you ready for Comey? A collision of scandal, politics, and Russia that wouldn’t be out of place on House of Cards, the fired FBI director’s Senate testimony on Thursday morning is going to be must-see TV for the nation. One Washington tavern has even created an “FBI sandwich” (fried chicken, bacon, and iceberg lettuce, natch) for the event. James Comey’s opening statement, released Wednesday afternoon, gives insight into what he will tell senators about his interactions with President Trump over the investigation into Russia’s election-meddling. It comes after two top U.S. intelligence chiefs refused to say whether they were asked by the president to help impede the Russia probe during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing.—Katie Robertson Eight senators to watch at the Comey hearing. The senators on the Intelligence Committee will get a national stage on Thursday to examine Trump’s interactions with former FBI director Comey. Major TV networks, including Bloomberg, are planning live coverage of the hearing, giving an opportunity for senators to make a mark, both on Trump’s future and their own political careers. Bill Gross says market risk is at its highest since before the 2008 crisis. The billionaire bond guru told the Bloomberg Invest New York summit that investors are paying a high price for the chances they’re taking. He also blamed central bank policies for artificially driving up asset prices with low-and negative-interest rates while creating little growth in the economy. Trump names a new FBI director. The president said Wednesday he will nominate former Justice Department official Christopher A. Wray as FBI director. The timing suggests the White House is trying to turn the page on former FBI director James Comey’s era before a Senate hearing on his dismissal. Jamie Dimon wants to disrupt JPMorgan. With $2.55 trillion in assets and operations, the bank has the most to lose should clients suddenly decide to do business in a different way. Star coder David Hudson is tasked with building innovation inside the bank to protect it from outside threats, making sure that if new technology upends trading patterns, it’s JPMorgan that does the disrupting. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Why you still can’t trust your financial adviser. This Friday, the Fiduciary Rule will take partial effect. Its future, though, is very much in doubt, which means seeking professional advice on your money remains a dangerous proposition. Consumers complain that many financial advisers just don’t care what’s best for you. But with an industry awash in misconduct, the bigger issue may be that they aren’t required to care. Theresa May could be damaged even if she wins the U.K. election. The prime minister may have called the snap election, which will be held Thursday, to strengthen her position, but instead it threatens to leave her weaker. Senior Conservative ministers and candidates are privately furious at the way the party has mismanaged the campaign and collapsed its lead over Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour Party. The one big reason why BuzzFeed needs to break into TV. As BuzzFeed considers going public next year, the entertainment and online media universes are watching its partnership with NBC for clues about where the hybridized TV-web industry is heading. The company’s future may hinge on whether it can get young viewers to spend 23 minutes watching someone eat a $100 doughnut. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Snap Is Year's Most-Shorted Tech IPO Before Lockup Ends Alibaba's Jack Ma Gets $2.8 Billion Richer in One Day Pound Drops as U.K. Exit Poll Unnerves Investors: Markets Wrap Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Morgan Stanley Warns There's a ‘Buyer's Strike’ Coming for Cars Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
null
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Finance Will the Crisis of Confidence at Deutsche Bank Spread? Oct 04, 2016 Business Radio Law and Public Policy Europe Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Global capital markets are being pressured by the travails of Deutsche Bank, one of Europe’s largest investment banks, and there is yet no clarity on when the coast will clear. The bank’s stock has plunged to all-time lows as concerns about liquidity arose for a firm considered systemically important. The fear is that the German bank could fail and spark a domino effect that would harm the global banking system. This worry is heightened as German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s administration has rejected any bail-out plan. This week, Deutsche Bank executives are in Washington and will try to negotiate a settlement with U.S. officials. Investors began selling off shares after The Wall Street Journal reported in mid-September — and the bank confirmed — that it faced a $14 billion fine from the U.S. Justice Department for selling toxic mortgage-backed securities, a product whose quality was mischaracterized to investors and that led to the financial crisis in 2008. While the bank is ultimately expected to pay a much smaller fine — it believes $2 billion to $3 billion is a reasonable settlement but the final tally is expected to be somewhere in between the two figures — the company faces other litigation exposure as well. In Russia, the bank could be in trouble for “mirror trades” that allegedly hid money-laundering activities. In Italy, Deutsche Bank and other bank executives were charged with alleged financial crimes for their role in two complex financial transactions related to an Italian bank. The bank already paid a $2.5 billion to the U.S. last year and pleaded guilty for its role in manipulating the LIBOR rate. What’s spooking the markets today is the size of the current DOJ fine, which raised liquidity fears and led some hedge funds to pull their accounts and business from Deutsche Bank, according to Bloomberg News. The exits bring up the specter of a Lehman Bros.-style demise, and more departures would put pressure on Deutsche Bank’s debt-ridden balance sheet and hamper a banking business already reeling from the twin headwinds of slow economic growth in Europe and the impact of low-to-negative interest rates. After hitting an all-time low of just under 10 euros per share, Deutsche Bank closed at 11.75 euros on October 4 with a market value of 16 billion euros — nearly equal to its original fine. In contrast, JPMorgan Chase’s market capitalization is about $240 billion and Citigroup is worth nearly $137 billion. Besides the pending DOJ settlement, another factor hitting the stock price is industry malaise. “Globally, the investment banking business is going through a cyclical low with lower trading and lower activity in mergers and acquisitions, IPOs and other corporate actions,” says Radha Radhakrishna, a Wharton visiting professor who worked on Wall Street. “Immediate prospects for Deutsche Bank’s bread-and-butter business are therefore not great.” Also “while it is almost certain Deutsche Bank will probably need to issue equity, there is some uncertainty on what the exact penalty will be. Hence the plummeting and then see-sawing of its stock price.” “I believe a meltdown of the EU financial system is less likely than it was several years ago.”–Stephan Dieckmann In a letter to employees, Deutsche Bank CEO John Cryan pointed out that the company has “strong fundamentals” with more than 215 billion euros in liquidity reserves. “This is an extremely comfortable buffer,” he wrote. “There is therefore no basis for this speculation” about insolvency. In an interview on October 3 with CNBC, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon agreed. “There is no reason why Deutsche Bank shouldn’t get over its problems,” he said. “They have plenty of capital. They have plenty of liquidity.” Sponsored Content: Wharton adjunct finance professor Stephan Dieckmann, who believes the bank will ultimately pay a lower fine, says the settlement will undoubtedly bring up questions about the bank’s equity cushion. However, he points to signs that its financial position is strengthening. For one, the European Banking Authority’s stress test results released in July, which analyzed the bank’s financial health under severe adverse economic conditions, showed that Deutsche Bank has strengthened since 2014. It had an improved core capital ratio that is similar to those of other German banks. Moreover, there are backstops in place to help the firm, such as the Bank Recapitalization Program of the European Stability Mechanism. “This allows for direct lending to banks seeking financial assistance,” Dieckmann says. A stronger Deutsche Bank will alleviate any fears of a European financial contagion. “It is also because of such instruments that I believe a meltdown of the EU financial system is less likely than it was several years ago.” Not Like Lehman Bros. As for concerns that Deutsche Bank is facing a demise similar to Lehman Bros., Wharton finance professor Itay Goldstein points to significant differences. “It is certainly alarming to see a big bank like Deutsche Bank run into such problems. However, there is no indication at this point that this will be as big a crisis as the one surrounding the Lehman collapse back in 2008,” he says. Goldstein also points out that the environment has changed: The global financial system is better prepared now, having learned from the interconnections that led to the financial crisis. “Deutsche Bank is in better shape when it comes to liquidity, and is not yet close to the point Lehman was in of being completely cash-starved. Second, the problems with Lehman came due to the fact that it had many complex interconnections throughout the financial system, which many did not understand until things got worse,” Goldstein says. Also, “the decision to let Lehman fall is now seen as having backfired, since it led to the big crisis. I suspect governments will now be more risk-averse before letting something like this happen and consider more the idea of helping Deutsche Bank.” “There is no indication at this point that this will be as big a crisis as the one surrounding the Lehman collapse back in 2008.”–Itay Goldstein However, Goldstein says German officials might be politically hamstrung from mounting a rescue. They have a strict policy against bailouts and “were very explicit about this in issues that arose with Italian banks recently. So, it will be hard for them to change the tone now and come to the rescue of their own banks,” he says. Whatever action the German government takes, Goldstein believes one thing is clear: “It does not seem at the moment like this will become the next Lehman crisis.” But investors remain concerned. Deutsche Bank shares trade for around a quarter of its book value, which is “unusual and a sign of investor worry,” notes Wharton finance processor Krista Schwarz. Some hedge funds were concerned enough that they pulled accounts and trading business from the bank — the same type of liquidity squeeze that felled Lehman. Still, “I don’t think that this is going to be a repeat of Lehman,” Schwarz says. “Deutsche Bank is a still-solvent bank that is facing liquidity problems. People will argue for a long time to come whether Lehman was truly insolvent, but it is uncontroversial to say that Lehman was very close to the borderline of insolvency.” According to an analysis by Bloomberg Intelligence, Deutsche Bank has around $250 billion in reserves, over half of it in cash. That is three times larger than what it had in 2007. The bank has improved its funding profile, the report said, with more stable long-term debt and equity, and retail and transaction banking deposits at 72% of its funded balance sheet as of the second quarter. In 2007, this was at 30%. Moreover, “it is easy for the ECB to address Deutsche’s need for temporary liquidity” and “Deutsche has a sizeable amount of convertible debt that it could convert into equity, and that gives them a further cushion,” Schwarz says. Finally, she notes that the bank is “too big to fail. Despite claims to the contrary, the German government would bail them out if necessary.” “Deutsche Bank is a still-solvent bank that is facing liquidity problems.”–Krista Schwarz In the meantime, Wall Street is staying cautious. “The reaction on Wall Street is … always sell first and ask questions later,” said Paul Nolte, a portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management, on the Knowledge@Wharton show, which airs on SiriusXM’s Wharton Business Radio on Channel 111. He noted that Deutsche Bank shares have lost half their value this year and booked a loss of seven billion euros last year. “This is a deeply troubled company that has gone from scandal to scandal.” Another ‘Too Big to Fail’ Bank Peter Conti-Brown, Wharton professor of legal studies and business ethics, sees the bigger issue as going beyond the financial problems of Deutsche Bank. Assuming that the U.S. has a reasonable case against the firm to warrant the big fine, then “the bank shouldn’t be able to get away with this behavior just because it has grown so large as to jeopardize the financial system,” he says. “If we are willing to conclude otherwise, then we have given large financial institutions the equivalent of a get-out-of-jail free card — they now have an incentive to commit gross violations of the law.” Conti-Brown adds that “the rush to worry about systemic risk is missing the bigger, more problematic aspect of this debate: Whether banks have incentives to commit criminal fraud with the assurance that the benefits for doing so will far outweigh the costs.” William K. Black, a professor at the University of Missouri in Kansas City, shared the same view. “I don’t think it’s tenable to have these too big to prosecute entities [whose activities] lead to serial abuse where in essence they hold the global economy hostage,” he said on the Knowledge@Wharton show. “It’s sad that people can talk about massive fraud as a cost of doing business that they will … set aside [funds for] as opposed to stopping. It tells you the complete failure of deterrence.” Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "Will the Crisis of Confidence at Deutsche Bank Spread?." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 04 October, 2016. Web. 09 June, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/will-crisis-confidence-deutsche-bank-spread/> APA Will the Crisis of Confidence at Deutsche Bank Spread?. Knowledge@Wharton (2016, October 04). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/will-crisis-confidence-deutsche-bank-spread/ Chicago "Will the Crisis of Confidence at Deutsche Bank Spread?" Knowledge@Wharton, October 04, 2016, accessed June 09, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/will-crisis-confidence-deutsche-bank-spread/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Finance Has the U.S. Housing Market Recovered? It Depends on Where You Are… Like so many other things in real estate, perspectives on whether the housing market has recovered following the Financial Crisis will depend on three things: location, location, location. Public Policy The State of U.S.-E.U. Relations: Where’s the Common Ground? Wharton's Mauro Guillen and the Transatlantic Academy's Stephen Szabo discuss the state of U.S.-E.U. relations in light of recent comments by Donald Trump and Angela Merkel. Sponsored Content The Private Equity Outlook in Latin America, India and Africa Bullish long-term sector trends make Latin America, India and Africa attractive to PE firms, but they are cautiously eyeing investments due to current upheavals in certain areas.   Join The Discussion One Comment So Far Log In or sign up to comment joe bongiovanni Great article. Oh, ethics ? “There is no reason why Deutsche Bank shouldn’t get over its problems,” he said. “They have plenty of capital. They have plenty of liquidity.” If only they had some ethics to guide their game-plan in seeking their profit curve, they’d avoid lawbreaking and probably be a great bank. But they don’t. And, thus, they have to pay in order to maintain confidence in the system. Let’s get on with it and settle things out. The US gov owes us THE decision on its bottom line at the earliest possible time, followed by a couple of ‘why not?’ all-nighters. It is indecision and uncertainty that jiggers the markets unnecessarily. Put Dr. Black in charge and let’s move along. “There is no reason why Deutsche Bank shouldn’t get over its problems,” To drag out taking its ‘hit’ right now today, or a sign of true movement there, is to continue the loss of confidence in the banking sector generally. And there’s that ethical question again. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
null
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) The Latest: DoJ says Sessions recusal due to campaign work News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Iran says 5 Tehran attackers had fought for Islamic State May's future up in the air; possibility of hung Parliament Hillary Clinton keynote speaker at Medgar Edgar College Many stopped to listen to Comey Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Ross sharp in win for weary Nationals Penguins' fast start buries Predators Yanks have Price's number Pulisic's two goals lead U.S. Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Banks lead U.S. stocks slightly higher; oil slumps Retailers a drag on market Apple chats up Siri vs. Alexa Trump plan privatizes U.S. air traffic control Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories This Caesar a little like Trump People in the news: Cosby accuser stands by story Guide for summer fun in the Capital Region Picks Of The Week Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Cirque du Soleil takes its act on Mediterranean cruises Erie Canal Celebration 2017 Confidence, courage key theme at Women@Work Summit Feeding the cause Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives House of the Week: Colonial in East Greenbush Josh Rultenberg out as sportscaster at WTEN Anytime is a good time to visit Music City Nick’s Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles NYC’s Official TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Averill Park's Alana Carroll has eyes on top prize Editorial: Mr. Comey's very real news Clever Fellows buildings on market for $949,000 Outdoors: An illuminating visit to Congaree National Park Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Colonial in East Greenbush Capital Region landlords share lessons learned High & Low Learning lessons from a garage sale fail Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Free movies: Bow Tie Cinemas Summer Kids Series returns June 20 What to buy in June? Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Money tips for new college grads MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Banks-lead-gains-Nasdaq-at-new-high-11207072.php Banks lead gains, Nasdaq at new high Lack of economic data has investors sitting tight until Fed decision Alex Veiga, Associated Press Published 9:22 pm, Thursday, June 8, 2017 Financial companies led U.S. stock indexes higher Thursday, nudging the Nasdaq composite index to a record high. The latest gains came as the stock market continued to trade mostly in a narrow range in the absence of major new economic data and ahead of next week's meeting of Federal Reserve policymakers. Speculation that the Fed will raise interest rates helped boost financial stocks for the second day in a row. Higher interest rates allow banks and credit card issuers to charge more for loans, which boosts profits. Utilities and consumer goods companies were among the biggest decliners. Energy stocks also fell as crude oil prices declined. "(Today) is a continuation of fairly muted market action," Bill Northey, chief investment officer at U.S. Bank Wealth Management. "We've been in a very low volatility period of time. We're also a bit between material economic events." The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 0.65 points, or 0.03 percent, to 2,433.79. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 8.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 21,182.53. Both indexes remain slightly below their record highs set last Friday. The Nasdaq added 24.38 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,321.76. Small-company stocks fared better than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index climbed 18.94 points, or 1.4 percent, to 1,415.61. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.19 percent from 2.18 percent late Wednesday. Stocks wavered between small gains and losses through much of the day as investors tuned in to watch former FBI Director James Comey testify before Congress as part of the investigation into Russian meddling into the U.S. presidential election. In his testimony, Comey's first public statements since his May 9 dismissal, he told Congress that President Donald Trump's administration spread "lies" about him and the FBI after his abrupt firing in May. Stock indexes barely budged throughout the hearing, the public portion of which wrapped around midday. "Today did not turn into a market event, nor did it accelerate the path toward further progress on the legislative and administrative agenda," Northey said. Investors have been looking for more progress out of the White House on its agenda to cut taxes, increase infrastructure spending and implement other business-friendly policies. The Republican-led House took steps Thursday to advance Trump's pledge to ease regulations on businesses by taking a vote on legislation that would undo the stricter banking rules that took effect after the devastating 2008 financial crisis. That helped lift bank stocks. Goldman Sachs Group picked up $2.98, or 1.4 percent, to $218.76. JPMorgan Chase added $1.04, or 1.2 percent, to $84.95. Regions Financial gained 44 cents, or 3.2 percent, to $14.03. Traders also welcomed news that members of the Nordstrom family are considering taking the company private. Like Macy's and other big department store chains, Nordstrom has struggled to cope with competition from online retailers. The company, which has 354 stores in the U.S. and Canada, has seen its stock tumble by half since early 2015. On Thursday, the stock soared $4.15, or 10.3 percent, to $44.63. Several companies that reported improved earnings or outlooks also traded higher. Verint Systems rose 3.2 percent after the maker of software for analyzing intercepted communications had a strong first quarter. The stock added $1.35 to $43.45. Investors cheered Alibaba Group Holding's latest revenue forecast. Shares in the Chinese e-commerce company gained $16.70, or 13.3 percent, to $142.34. Some companies failed to impress traders. Urban Outfitters slid 10.3 percent after the retailer said sales at older stores are running lower than expected this month. That followed weak sales in May. The stock shed $1.88 to $16.35. Benchmark U.S. crude wavered for much of the day before sliding 8 cents to settle at $45.64 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 20 cents to close at $47.86 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline held steady at $1.49 per gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.42 per gallon. Natural gas added 1 cent to $3.03 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar rose to 109.94 yen from Wednesday's 109.83 yen. The euro weakened to $1.1222 from $1.1252. In metals trading, gold fell $13.70, or 1.1 percent, to $1,279.50 per ounce. Silver lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $17.41 per ounce. Copper gained 6 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $2.61 per pound. Most Popular 1 Nick Johnston out as morning meteorologist at WTEN 2 Victims suing Alex West, parents, for $3M in Lake George crash 3 Woman flung from golf cart, dies after falling on wine glasses 4 Sheriff: Teens arrested after vandalism at Thacher Park 5 Bear spotted roaming downtown streets 6 Man burned trying to rescue dog from Brunswick blaze 7 Emergency personnel respond to I-787 crash View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
null
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ט"ו סיון תשע"ז   |   Thursday, June 8, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Modest Gains, Led by Banks, Push U.S. Stock Indexes Higher Modest Gains, Led by Banks, Push U.S. Stock Indexes Higher Thursday, June 8, 2017 at 8:25 pm | י"ד סיון תשע"ז NEW YORK (AP) - Financial companies led U.S. stock indexes higher Thursday, nudging the Nasdaq composite index to a record high. The latest gains came as the stock market continued to trade mostly in a narrow range in the absence of major new economic data and ahead of next week’s meeting of Federal Reserve policymakers. Speculation that the Fed will raise interest rates helped boost financial stocks for the second day in a row. Higher interest rates allow banks and credit card issuers to charge more for loans, which boosts profits. Utilities and consumer goods companies were among the biggest decliners. Energy stocks also fell as crude oil prices declined. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index gained 0.65 points, or 0.03 percent, to 2,433.79. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 8.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 21,182.53. Both indexes remain slightly below their record highs set last Friday. The Nasdaq added 24.38 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,321.76. Small-company stocks fared better than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index climbed 18.94 points, or 1.4 percent, to 1,415.61. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.19 percent from 2.18 percent late Wednesday. Stocks wavered between small gains and losses through much of the day as investors tuned in to watch former FBI Director James Comey testify before Congress as part of the investigation into Russian meddling into the U.S. presidential election. Stock indexes barely budged during the hearing, the public portion of which wrapped around midday. The Republican-led House took steps Thursday to advance the president’s pledge to ease regulations on businesses by taking a vote on legislation that would undo the stricter banking rules that took effect after the devastating 2008 financial crisis. That helped lift bank stocks. Goldman Sachs Group picked up $2.98, or 1.4 percent, to $218.76. JPMorgan Chase added $1.04, or 1.2 percent, to $84.95. Regions Financial gained 44 cents, or 3.2 percent, to $14.03. Traders also welcomed news that members of the Nordstrom family are considering taking the company private. On Thursday, the stock soared $4.15, or 10.3 percent, to $44.63. Benchmark U.S. crude wavered for much of the day before sliding 8 cents to settle at $45.64 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 20 cents to close at $47.86 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline held steady at $1.49 per gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.42 per gallon. Natural gas added 1 cent to $3.03 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar rose to 109.94 yen from Wednesday’s 109.83 yen. The euro weakened to $1.1222 from $1.1252. In metals trading, gold fell $13.70, or 1.1 percent, to $1,279.50 per ounce. Silver lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $17.41 per ounce. Copper gained 6 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $2.61 per pound. European stock markets were mixed after the European Central Bank kept its stimulus program unchanged. ECB President Mario Draghi said Thursday that risks to the European economic recovery have diminished. Germany’s DAX rose 0.3 percent, while France’s CAC 40 slipped 0.2 percent. Britain’s FTSE 100 fell 0.4 percent as Britain went to the polls in a general election. In Asia, Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 0.3 percent. South Korea’s Kospi edged up 0.2 percent. Filed under: Dow Jones, S&P, Stocks Print Email Gmail Related Banks Lead Stock Indexes Higher, and U.S. Dollar Soars U.S. Stock Indexes Notch Modest Losses; Oil Prices Surge U.S. Stock Indexes Notch Modest Gains as Oil Prices Rise U.S. Stock Indexes Move Higher as Consumer Confidence Gains U.S. Stock Indexes Close Mostly Higher; Oil Up More in Business Business Briefs – June 8, 2017 Snap Is Year’s Most-Shorted Tech IPO Before Lockup Ends Yahoo Shareholders Approve Sale of Web Businesses to Verizon Stocks Rise as Comey Testimony Springs no Surprise Nordstrom Family Considering Buyout of Department Store OP-ED Mugged by Reality The New York Times Recklessly Exposes a CIA Operative’s Identity No Room for Conciliation The Smoking Scourge Is Making a Comeback To Die for Estonia? Moment & Momentum: Shavuos Reflections Driving Out Qatar Withdrawal From Paris Accord Was a Wise Decision Hearing Aids for Hunters The U.N. Human Rights Council Whitewashes Brutality The Tune of Tehillim Shavuos — Infinite Fruit Mortal Etiquette vs. Immortal Truth Why Middle East peace starts in Saudi Arabia Features This Day In History 15 Sivan/June 9 Truly Tamei? What Can I Do? Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav הרה”ק רבי זאב מרחמיסטריווקא זי”ע Nosherie Nichum Aveilim 15 Sivan/June 9 Sudoku – June 9, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – June 8, 2017 Chocolate or Not? How a Common Meditation Technique Can Help You Eat More Healthfully No Food or Drink Will Turn You Into a Calorie-Burning Machine — But These Can Help This Day In History 14 Sivan/June 8 Nonsense Weather » Brooklyn °F See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,321.76 +24.3838 (+0.3872%) S&P 500 2,433.79 +0.65 (+0.03%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.8924 GBP 0.7847 ILS 3.5269 CHF 0.9678 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
null
null
null
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 77° Overcast Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Shioi Construction donates vehicle Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:45 am NAWILIWILI — Kelvin Moniz, executive director of the Kauai Independent Food Bank, said they really needed the van Wednesday when representatives of Shioi Construction turned over keys to a vehicle to the food bank. Comments (0) Consulting group presents findings on makeup of Kekaha Landfill Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:30 am LIHUE — Waste from construction sites and paper products are the most common kinds of waste at the Kekaha Landfill. Comments (4) Recent Schatz: town core, traffic and PMRF priorities KLA safety tools offered Road closures for Kamehameha Day Parade Interim superintendent named Man pleads guilty to kidnapping Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Pono ends with 2-1 record in Kalaheo Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:00 am KALAHEO — Kaulupono 8G’s Kierstin Gummerus netted a game-high 15 points and Kaye Serapio added 11 points to lead the Westside girls to a 38-19 win over the 8G A‘o Uka Rebels during the youth summer basketball league games played at the Kalaheo Neighborhood Center. Comments (0) Kauai tennis trio heading to Arizona Posted: June 08, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — Michael and Mark Fitzgerald, 11, and Hi‘ilani Williams, 9, will be packing their tennis rackets when they leave for Tucson, Arizona in July. Comments (0) Recent Rapozo, Acoba take Mana drag racing honors Green gives Lakers life Hole-in-ones in Wailua Molokai Farmer finds gold in Waimea Leigh Idica earns The Swimmer of the Meet award Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Here’s hoping grant helps end substance abuse Posted: June 06, 2017 - 12:05 am Just say no to drugs. Comments (0) Auditor’s Office not removed from county budget Posted: June 05, 2017 - 12:05 am The Garden Island erroneously reported in its June 2 editorial that the Office of the County Auditor was eliminated during the Kauai County Council’s fiscal year 2017-18 budget decision-making session. Comments (3) Recent Old Kalapaki recalled at the opening of the Kauai Surf Hotel Soo-yun schemes, Bong-hee is jealous Talk Story with Chucky Boy Chock Proper steps can help with sciatica recovery Protect herbivorous fish to protect coral reefs Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest Feast for the senses Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:15 am KAPAA — Yes, Taste of Hawaii is about food, drink and music. Comments (0) A time to dance Posted: June 02, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — The West Kauai Hongwanji Hanapepe Temple will be the site of the first bon dance of the Kauai Buddhist Council Bon Dance schedule. Comments (0) Recent Kachi kachi the night away In the name of rain TGIFr!day for June 2, 2017 The music lives on! The Kitchen at Papaya’s Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home Business National and International Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Story Comments Image (9) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher A stock trader at the New York Stock Exchange watches former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as Comey testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher A stock trader at the New York Stock Exchange watches former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher A Goldman Sachs stock trader at the New York Stock Exchange listens to former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Glenn Carell, second from right, works with other stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange, Thursday, June 8, 2017. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher A stock trader at the New York Stock Exchange listens to former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange watch former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange watch former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange watch former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange watch former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor, Thursday, June 8, 2017, as he testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Posted: Thursday, June 8, 2017 11:22 am | Updated: 12:09 pm, Thu Jun 8, 2017. Modest gains, led by banks, push US stock indexes higher Associated Press | 0 comments Financial companies led U.S. stock indexes higher Thursday, nudging the Nasdaq composite index to a record high. The latest gains came as the stock market continued to trade mostly in a narrow range in the absence of major new economic data and ahead of next week's meeting of Federal Reserve policymakers. Speculation that the Fed will raise interest rates helped boost financial stocks for the second day in a row. Higher interest rates allow banks and credit card issuers to charge more for loans, which boosts profits. Utilities and consumer goods companies were among the biggest decliners. Energy stocks also fell as crude oil prices declined. "(Today) is a continuation of fairly muted market action," Bill Northey, chief investment officer at U.S. Bank Wealth Management. "We've been in a very low volatility period of time. We're also a bit between material economic events." The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 0.65 points, or 0.03 percent, to 2,433.79. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 8.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 21,182.53. Both indexes remain slightly below their record highs set last Friday. The Nasdaq added 24.38 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,321.76. Small-company stocks fared better than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 index climbed 18.94 points, or 1.4 percent, to 1,415.61. Bond prices fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.19 percent from 2.18 percent late Wednesday. Stocks wavered between small gains and losses through much of the day as investors tuned in to watch former FBI Director James Comey testify before Congress as part of the investigation into Russian meddling into the U.S. presidential election. In his testimony, Comey's first public statements since his May 9 dismissal, he told Congress that President Donald Trump's administration spread "lies" about him and the FBI after his abrupt firing in May. Comey also asserted that Trump fired him to interfere with his investigation of Russia's role in the 2016 election and its ties to the Trump campaign. Stock indexes barely budged throughout the hearing, the public portion of which wrapped around midday. "Today did not turn into a market event, nor did it accelerate the path toward further progress on the legislative and administrative agenda," Northey said. Investors have been looking for more progress out of the White House on its agenda to cut taxes, increase infrastructure spending and implement other business-friendly policies. The Republican-led House took steps Thursday to advance Trump's pledge to ease regulations on businesses by taking a vote on legislation that would undo the stricter banking rules that took effect after the devastating 2008 financial crisis. That helped lift bank stocks. Goldman Sachs Group picked up $2.98, or 1.4 percent, to $218.76. JPMorgan Chase added $1.04, or 1.2 percent, to $84.95. Regions Financial gained 44 cents, or 3.2 percent, to $14.03. Traders also welcomed news that members of the Nordstrom family are considering taking the company private. Like Macy's and other big department store chains, Nordstrom has struggled to cope with competition from online retailers. The company, which has 354 stores in the U.S. and Canada, has seen its stock tumble by half since early 2015. On Thursday, the stock soared $4.15, or 10.3 percent, to $44.63. Several companies that reported improved earnings or outlooks also traded higher. Verint Systems rose 3.2 percent after the maker of software for analyzing intercepted communications had a strong first quarter. The stock added $1.35 to $43.45. Investors cheered Alibaba Group Holding's latest revenue forecast. Shares in the Chinese e-commerce company gained $16.70, or 13.3 percent, to $142.34. Some companies failed to impress traders. Urban Outfitters slid 10.3 percent after the retailer said sales at older stores are running lower than expected this month. That followed weak sales in May. The stock shed $1.88 to $16.35. Benchmark U.S. crude wavered for much of the day before sliding 8 cents to settle at $45.64 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 20 cents to close at $47.86 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline held steady at $1.49 per gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.42 per gallon. Natural gas added 1 cent to $3.03 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar rose to 109.94 yen from Wednesday's 109.83 yen. The euro weakened to $1.1222 from $1.1252. In metals trading, gold fell $13.70, or 1.1 percent, to $1,279.50 per ounce. Silver lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $17.41 per ounce. Copper gained 6 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $2.61 per pound. European stock markets were mixed after the European Central Bank kept its stimulus program unchanged. ECB President Mario Draghi said Thursday that risks to the European economic recovery have diminished. Germany's DAX rose 0.3 percent, while France's CAC 40 slipped 0.2 percent. Britain's FTSE 100 fell 0.4 percent as Britain went to the polls in a general election. In Asia, Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 0.3 percent, while South Korea's Kospi edged up 0.2 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.3 percent. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 added 0.2 percent. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business ARTICLE: Branson calls Trump 'naive' for exiting Paris climate accord 'You disappeared?': Chinese woman fights for husband, family 'You disappeared?': Chinese woman fights for husband, family 'You disappeared?': Chinese woman fights for husband, family 'You disappeared?': Chinese woman fights for husband, family More about General News North Korea says it tested new anti-ship missile North Korea says it tested new anti-ship missile North Korea says it tested new anti-ship missile North Korea says it tested new anti-ship missile North Korea says it tested new anti-ship missile More about Government And Politics North Korea says it tested new anti-ship missile North Korea says it tested new anti-ship missile North Korea says it tested new anti-ship missile North Korea says it tested new anti-ship missile North Korea says it tested new anti-ship missile Discuss Print   Posted in National and International, National on Thursday, June 8, 2017 11:22 am. Updated: 12:09 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Government And Politics, Brent Crude Markets, Crude Oil Markets, Energy Markets, Commodity Markets, Financial Markets, Currency Markets, Retail Industry, Retail And Wholesale, Consumer Services, Consumer Products And Services, Japanese Yen, Stock Indices And Averages, Stock Markets, Stock Prices, Leading Economic Indicators, Economy, Sales Figures, Financial Performance, Corporate News, Banking And Credit, Financial Services, Legislature, Consumer Product Manufacturing, Financial Crisis, Banking And Credit Regulation, Financial Industry Regulation, Industry Regulation, Government Business And Finance, Government Regulations, Oil And Gas Industry, Energy Industry, Record Setting Events, Prices | Location Tags: United Kingdom, Western Europe, Europe, United States, North America, Russia, Eastern Europe, East Asia, Asia Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Teacher recovering from hit-and-run accident Council approves pursuing grant to move Hanalei overlook Kauai Humane Society overflowing Franciscan Sisters leave St. Theresa after 71 years Fight night on the Westside All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (38) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (24) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. business schools embrace 'fintech' as students clamor for courses Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. Legal News | Thu Jun 8, 2017 | 5:17pm EDT U.S. business schools embrace 'fintech' as students clamor for courses By Anna Irrera | NEW YORK NEW YORK Leading U.S. business schools are trying to teach students how to become masters of financial technology, a subsector of Wall Street that has grown in size and prominence, but because the area is still ill-defined and relatively new it is hard to develop courses. Stanford University and Georgetown University business schools are planning to offer "fintech" courses for MBA students for the first time this fall. New York University is planning a new course for undergraduates after launching a fintech specialization in its business school last year. They join the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School, Columbia University's business school and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's (MIT) Sloan School of Management, which all launched similar programs in recent years. The new courses are being driven by student demand, officials from those universities told Reuters in interviews. A number of prominent startups have exploded onto the fintech scene in recent years, fostering interest in mobile payment apps like Venmo, digital loan platforms like SoFi and robotic wealth managers like Betterment. "Ten years ago everyone wanted to go into investment banking or in the trading side," said Reena Aggarwal, Director of the Georgetown Center for Financial Markets and Policy. "Now the students are much more interested in innovation." NYU's undergraduate course, for instance, attracted enrollments from twice as many students as expected. But the burgeoning industry is so diverse that academics said it is difficult to construct a syllabus for financial technology 101. There are no textbooks and few professors have fintech expertise. "For fintech, some people mean bitcoin and cryptocurrencies; some people mean the technology JPMorgan uses for trading," said Angela Lee, Columbia Business School's chief innovation officer. "Everyone thinks it's sexy, and a lot of people use it colloquially without knowing what it is." Instead of developing traditional syllabuses, universities have been teaching students how markets are disrupted by new technology, helping them develop business ideas or offering classes on narrower topics. For instance, MIT taught a course on blockchain, the technology that first emerged as a system underpinning the virtual currency bitcoin. Stanford's course will focus on financial inclusion, or designing affordable products and services for disadvantaged customers, said Kenneth Singleton, a management professor who will teach the class. Universities have also invited financial technology executives to lecture. "There is no ready-made teaching material that you can put together," Antoinette Schoar, a professor of finance at MIT Sloan, said in an interview. "You have to try your own curriculum or develop real life cases." Those involved with the programs said learning about fintech can help students' careers, whether they join traditional Wall Street firms or launch their own companies. They said it has also helped attract high-quality students. One Wharton student, David Gogel, enrolled after developing an interest in fintech while working at American International Group Inc. He is now co-president of the FinTech Club, one of the largest professional organizations at the school, with 260 members. "Part of the reason I chose Wharton was because of its investment in fintech," he said in an interview. Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In U.S. Legal News Comey says Trump fired him to undermine FBI Russia investigation WASHINGTON Former FBI Director James Comey accused President Donald Trump on Thursday of firing him to try to undermine the agency's investigation of possible collusion by Trump's campaign with Russia's alleged efforts to influence the 2016 presidential election. Supreme Court temporarily blocks Alabama execution of man convicted of 3 murders The U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday temporarily blocked Alabama's execution of a man for the 1994 murders of three fast-food workers during a late-night robbery. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Business event targets local firms hoping to expand globally By Jasen Lee @JasenLee1 Published: June 8, 2017 4:15 p.m. Updated: 8 hours ago + Leave a comment 1 of 4 View 4 Items Spenser Heaps, Deseret News Sen. Stuart Adams, R-Layton, Salt Lake County Mayor Ben McAdams and Natalie Gochnour, associate dean at the David Eccles School of Business at the University of Utah, chat at the Metro Solutions conference at the South Towne Expo Center in Sandy on Thursday, June 8, 2017. SANDY — Among the greatest opportunities for future growth and economic development for local businesses lie beyond the borders of Utah and the U.S. Approximately 300 area business leaders heard that message during a conference aimed at highlighting the prospects for expansion in the global economy for local firms aspiring to become more prosperous. Salt Lake County and World Trade Center Utah hosted an event called Metro Solutions on Thursday at the South Towne Expo Center. The program convened businesspeople eager to learn about county and state plans for increasing global trade and investment opportunities for local small- and medium-size companies. "A regional approach does not pit city against city but rather unites individual strengths into a strong economic framework," Salt Lake County Mayor Ben McAdams told the audience. "The four sides of that frame are infrastructure, workforce development, business retention and expansion, and global engagement. "Only by taking a regional approach can we ensure that our businesses stay globally competitive, our workforce has an opportunity for good-paying jobs now and in the future, and our families participate in broad-based prosperity and maintain a strong standard of living," McAdams said. Salt Lake County and its partners are working to implement a metro export strategy to economic development, he said, with a focus on unifying the greater Salt Lake area to advance job growth and other local economic opportunities. "We want to help (small- and medium-size businesses) grow their employment base and better connect to the global marketplace," McAdams said. "We know that if we can get them to export sooner, then they are more likely to survive as a business, to grow as a business, and they'll pay higher wages and hire more people." Taking a regional approach, he said, will help broaden the benefits of good-paying jobs to a larger segment of the local workforce. "Through an emphasis on infrastructure, workforce development, business retention and expansion, and global engagement, we believe we can strengthen the standard of living for many individuals and families here,” McAdams said. The plan is an ongoing effort to bolster the county's already relatively strong economic foundation and help make it even more prosperous in the years to come, explained Derek Miller, president and CEO of World Trade Center Utah. “Salt Lake County’s proactive approach to economic development will pay dividends for county residents for decades to come,” Miller said. World Trade Center Utah collaborated with the county on the Metro Solutions event, where the first round of Export Acceleration Grant recipients were announced. The grants will help companies advance their international business plans, thereby growing Utah’s economy, Miller said. "The purpose of the grant is to take the good things they are doing here in Utah and now take those to the world," he said. "Ultimately, the purpose of the grant is to increase the market and customer base, and by doing so increase their profitability." The grants were presented to 13 local businesses through a portion of $200,000 in funding provided by JPMorgan Chase, with recipients selected by a committee of members from World Trade Center Utah's board of directors, Miller explained. Grant awards were between $5,000 and $10,000, he noted. This was the first phase of the funding that included $70,000 divided among the 13 recipients, Miller said. The second phase of grant applications is currently under review, he said. The selected companies can use the grant money to remove some of the obstacles they face in expanding their businesses, Miller said. "We can now go to these companies and say, 'Here is some money to help you,'" he said. "Whatever obstacle they view as in their path, we'll help them remove that obstacle." Among the recipients was Salt Lake City-based KneeMD, a startup firm that makes therapy devices designed to help patients recovering from knee replacement surgery. The company received a $6,000 grant from the Export Acceleration Grant program that will be used to help expedite its growth plans. "We have a product that is relevant to patients around the world, so we've always been very globally minded, and always intended at some point to consider exporting to other countries, but didn't really think that we could afford it," said June Chen, vice president of operations for KneeMD. "So the grant provides us with the funds and access necessary for us to begin identifying potential distribution partners really early in our business growth." Comment on this story In the long run, having access to new markets will potentially allow the company to hire more people for its Utah operations, Chen said. Similarly, Daniel Marriott, president of Spectra Symbol — a Salt Lake firm that makes high-tech sensors — said his company will also be able to move forward on its international expansion plans using the $7,000 grant award. "First, it allows us to use the World Trade Center's network to make connections overseas," Marriott said. "Second, it allows us to get overseas to prime the pump a little bit in our expansions efforts." Jasen Lee Jasen reports primarily on business, technology and utilities. @JasenLee1 jlee@deseretnews.com Add a comment Like that? Read this. Utah 7 hours ago Community gathers in interfaith effort to heal after shooting Utah 15 hours ago Democratic Party chairman candidate Rob Miller drops out of race Sponsored by JEA Senior Living 9 differences between Alzheimer's and normal aging Podcasts The Deseret News Silicon Slopes Hour An in-depth look inside Utah's growing startup and tech community. Rise & Shout The best in conversation about BYU sports. Fan talk, analysis and complete nonsense. BLEEP: The Podcast A celebration and discussion of all things geek. All awesome, all clean. The PopuList 1 Get to know the 3rd Congressional District candidates 2 Tens of thousands celebrate diversity at Utah Pride Parade downtown 3 Fire causes up to $300,000 in damage to Highland school 4 Motorcycle crash marks 7th major accident in a week on Utah roads 5 After lifetime of helping others, homeless services director to retire View all for Utah most Commented 48 Former Vice President Biden to headline Romney summit 37 Tens of thousands celebrate diversity at Utah Pride Parade downtown 37 Mormon missionaries being surveyed online regarding personal safety, risks 33 The trouble with Gary Ott 32 Gunman made threats in Instagram post against woman he killed 28 Utah members of Congress say nothing new in Comey testimony 20 The era of sales-tax-free online shopping is nearly over in Utah. Here's how it ended 19 Man who rushed toward murder-suicide scene describes encounter with killer Friday, June, 9, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
null
null
BUSINESS House votes along party lines to repeal key Dodd-Frank financial reforms Mark Wilson / Getty Images Rep. Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas), left, chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, speaks to the media on Tuesday about his financial regulatory legislation as House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) looks on. Rep. Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas), left, chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, speaks to the media on Tuesday about his financial regulatory legislation as House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) looks on. (Mark Wilson / Getty Images) Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter The House voted along party lines Thursday to repeal many of the stricter regulations enacted after the 2008 financial crisis, taking the first step in a long-held Republican desire to roll back landmark rules they complain are hurting banks, restricting consumer credit and slowing economic growth. The legislation, which faces major hurdles in the Senate because of united Democratic opposition, would continue the Republicans’ deregulatory push under President Trump by dismantling key parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. That law, passed with almost no Republican support, was the biggest overhaul of financial regulations since the Great Depression and one of President Obama’s signature accomplishments. Dodd-Frank is strongly supported by consumer advocates, but opposed by banks and other financial firms. Its key reforms included a prohibition on federally insured banks from engaging in risky trading, a new liquidation authority to safely shut down teetering financial giants to avoid future bailouts and the creation of the independent Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. The House legislation, called the Financial Choice Act, would undo or scale back much of Dodd-Frank. The bill was approved 233 to 186. All but one Republican — Walter Jones of North Carolina — voted for the bill. No Democrats supported it. Its major changes include repealing the trading restrictions, known as the Volcker Rule, and scrapping the liquidation authority in favor of enhanced bankruptcy provisions designed to eliminate any chance taxpayers would be on the hook if a major financial firm collapsed. The bill also would repeal a new Labor Department regulation, largely still pending, that requires investment brokers who handle retirement funds to put their clients’ interests ahead of their own compensation, company profits or other factors. And in a move vociferously protested by Democrats, the measure would gut the powerful consumer bureau. The agency — the centerpiece of Dodd-Frank — has provided consumers about $12 billion in refunds, mortgage principal reductions and other relief since opening in 2011. It played a key role in penalizing Wells Fargo & Co. for its creation of about 2.1 million unauthorized accounts. The Financial Choice Act would strip the agency of its ability to closely monitor financial firms for compliance with consumer protection laws and specifically prohibits the bureau from writing any regulations on payday and car-title loans. The bureau’s director would be subject to removal by the president for any reason and the agency’s independent funding stream would be eliminated, making it subject to congressional appropriations where Republicans could reduce its budget. “We will replace bailout with bankruptcy. We will replace economic stagnation with a growing healthy economy,” said Rep. Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas), the legislation’s author. “We’ll replace Washington micromanagement with market discipline.” President Trump said during the campaign that he wanted to dismantle Dodd-Frank. In February, he directed Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin to consult with regulators about changes to the law and to report back by this month. House Republican leaders decided not to wait. They pushed forward with a revised version of legislation introduced last year by Hensarling, chairman of the House Financial Services Committee. Democrats labeled the legislation “The Wrong Choice Act” and said it risked creating another financial crisis by removing important regulations and consumer protections. “Donald Trump and Republicans want to open the door to another economic catastrophe like the Great Recession and return us to a financial system where reckless and predatory practices harm our communities and families,” said Rep. Maxine Waters (D-Los Angeles), who has led opposition to the bill. Unlike changes to Obama’s healthcare law, making most changes to Dodd-Frank would require 60 votes in the Senate. Republicans in the Senate are working on their own financial regulatory bill that could gain the needed Democratic support. But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said last month that he was not optimistic about making changes to Dodd-Frank. The White House this week said it supported House passage of the legislation “as a necessary and important step in moving financial reform legislation through the Congress.” A key feature of the Financial Choice Act is the ability for any bank to avoid strict federal regulatory oversight if it holds capital of at least 10% of assets. The current requirement is 3% for most banks and 6% for institutions considered systemically important. Big banks aren’t thrilled with such a high hurdle to avoid regulations and have not embraced the legislation. An analysis by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated that the eight largest banks — including JPMorgan Chase & Co., Citigroup Inc. and Bank of America Corp. — would be unlikely to choose the option because they would have to raise large amounts of capital given their size. House Republicans pointed to Wall Street’s concerns about the capital levels, as well as the Financial Choice Act’s tougher federal penalties for financial fraud, to counter charges that they were doing Wall Street’s bidding. They said the legislation was needed because Dodd-Frank rules had made mortgages tougher to obtain, forced banks to scale back fees that had helped allow them to offer free checking accounts, and placed a heavy burden on community banks. “This law may have had good intentions, but its consequences have been dire for Main Street,” said House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) But Democrats said Republicans were making the country vulnerable to another financial crisis. “This legislation unleashes every bloodthirsty, greedy Wall Street super-predator on the American people,” said Rep. Gwen Moore (D-Wis.). Democrats said that bank profits are up and lending has increased since Dodd-Frank was enacted. Bank profits hit a record $171 billion in 2016, according to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. And in the first quarter of this year, profits were up 13% from a year earlier, the FDIC said. And while the largest banks have grown significantly since Dodd-Frank was enacted, the profit gains haven’t been limited to them. Community bank profits in the first quarter were up 10% from a year earlier, the FDIC said. Republicans point out that the number of banks have declined under Dodd-Frank. And they have, from 6,719 in the first quarter of 2010 to 5,031 in the first quarter of this year, Federal Reserve data shows. But that’s the continuation of a steady decline since the mid-1980s, when there were about 14,000 banks. Despite Republican statements that Dodd-Frank has restricted business lending, statistics don’t bear that out. Commercial and industrial bank loans have increased 77% since hitting a post-crisis bottom in 2010, according to the Federal Reserve. Consumer lending also has not been restrained in recent years. Household debt, including mortgages and auto and student loans, has been rising for four years. And in the first quarter, that debt topped the peak reached in 2008 before the economic crash led to a historic downturn, the Fed said. Caption Today, James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. Turns out, our species is older than we thought. The Lakers should draft Lonzo Ball, at least that's what our columnist Bill Plaschke thinks. The Mojave Desert is full of eccentric wonders.   Credits: Jean-Jacques Hublin / European Pressphoto Agency / Getty / KTLA / Mel Melcon Today, James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. Turns out, our species is older than we thought. The Lakers should draft Lonzo Ball, at least that's what our columnist Bill Plaschke thinks. The Mojave Desert is full of eccentric wonders.   Credits: Jean-Jacques Hublin / European Pressphoto Agency / Getty / KTLA / Mel Melcon Caption Today, James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. Turns out, our species is older than we thought. The Lakers should draft Lonzo Ball, at least that's what our columnist Bill Plaschke thinks. The Mojave Desert is full of eccentric wonders.   Credits: Jean-Jacques Hublin / European Pressphoto Agency / Getty / KTLA / Mel Melcon Today, James Comey delivers that startling account to Congress. Turns out, our species is older than we thought. The Lakers should draft Lonzo Ball, at least that's what our columnist Bill Plaschke thinks. The Mojave Desert is full of eccentric wonders.   Credits: Jean-Jacques Hublin / European Pressphoto Agency / Getty / KTLA / Mel Melcon Caption Former FBI Director James B. Comey testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday. He addressed his firing in his opening statement and said goodbye to co-workers.  Former FBI Director James B. Comey testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday. He addressed his firing in his opening statement and said goodbye to co-workers.  Caption The Times' Bill Plaschke, Broderick Turner and Lindsey Thiry discuss Lonzo Ball's invididual workout for the Lakers and whether or not the organization should draft him with the No. 2 pick.  The Times' Bill Plaschke, Broderick Turner and Lindsey Thiry discuss Lonzo Ball's invididual workout for the Lakers and whether or not the organization should draft him with the No. 2 pick.  Caption Thom Mrozek, spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office, speaks about a lawsuit alleging the city of L.A. improperly received hundreds of millions in federal funds by falsely claiming it was following laws requiring accessible housing for people with disabilities. Thom Mrozek, spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office, speaks about a lawsuit alleging the city of L.A. improperly received hundreds of millions in federal funds by falsely claiming it was following laws requiring accessible housing for people with disabilities. Caption Congressman-elect Jimmy Gomez talks about his plans for the future. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Congressman-elect Jimmy Gomez talks about his plans for the future. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Twitter: @JimPuzzanghera UPDATES: 2:25 p.m.: This article was updated to note that Rep. Walter Jones of North Carolina was the lone Republican to vote against repealing Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 2:05 p.m. An earlier version of this article said the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau had provided consumers about $12 million in relief. It has provided about $12 billion in relief. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Mortgages Real Estate U.S. Senate Democratic Party Donald Trump Federal Reserve Walter Jones An earlier version of this article said the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau had provided consumers about $12 million in relief. It has provided about $12 billion in relief. They dismissed her as a lightweight. But California's top judge has found her voice — and uses it to call out Trump policies Political Road Map: Trump's budget presents new challenge to California's long suffering unemployment fund Californians need to be so afraid of a huge earthquake that they take action, scientists say Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 62°
Pound falls, Asian shares higher as investors watch UK vote - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Seen on WBRC FOX6 News Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings Plan Your Evening News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features Fugitive Finder Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Pound falls, Asian shares higher as investors watch UK vote 2017-06-08T19:22:25Z2017-06-09T06:42:55Z (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan). Glenn Carell, second from right, works with other stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange, Thursday, June 8, 2017. By YURI KAGEYAMA AP Business Writer TOKYO (AP) - The pound slumped in Asian trading Friday on early signs that Britain's ruling Conservatives would have a weaker than expected showing in the country's election, but regional stock markets were mostly higher as investors shrugged off uncertainties. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 added 0.9 percent to 20,089.90 in morning trading, while South Korea's Kospi rose 0.8 percent to 2,382.64. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 was up 0.2 percent at 5,687.70. Hong Kong's Hang Seng inched down nearly 0.1 percent to 26,043.80. The Shanghai Composite added 0.4 percent to 3,163.00. BRITISH POLLS: Exit polls for the general election forecast that the Conservatives would fall short of a majority in parliament, raising the prospect that the country might not have a clear winner or strong government as it starts its negotiations to leave the European Union. CURRENCIES: The pound lost more than 2 cents versus the dollar seconds after the exit poll results were released, plunging from $1.2955 to $1.2752. It continued to bounce around that level and was recently trading at $1.2764. The dollar fell to 110.27 yen from 109.90 yen late Thursday in Asia. The euro weakened to $1.1196 from $1.255. THE QUOTE: "The possibility of a reduced Conservative majority or even a minority government is unlikely to have a significant impact on broader global markets," says Ric Spooner, chief market analyst at CMC Markets. "At this stage it is unclear what, if any, impact this will have on Brexit negotiations." WALL STREET: Financial companies led U.S. stock indexes higher Thursday, nudging the Nasdaq composite index to a record high. The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 0.65 points, or 0.03 percent, to 2,433.79. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 8.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 21,182.53. The Nasdaq added 24.38 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,321.76. TESTIMONY WATCH: Markets have also been closely watching former FBI Director James Comey testify before U.S. Congress as part of the investigation into Russian meddling into the presidential election. Comey told Congress that President Donald Trump's administration spread "lies" about him and the FBI after his abrupt firing in May. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude inched up 2 cents to $45.66 a barrel. It wavered for much of the day before sliding 8 cents to settle at $45.64 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 1 cent to $47.85 per barrel in London. ___ Yuri Kageyama can be reached on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Jury to hear Bill Cosby's testimony about quaaludes and sex Jury to hear Bill Cosby's testimony about quaaludes and sex Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:22:11 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-06-09 07:03:35 GMT Jurors at Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial have heard excerpts from the comedian's lurid, decade-old deposition, but explosive sections about him obtaining quaaludes and giving them to women before sex are yet to...More >> Jurors at Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial have heard excerpts from the comedian's lurid, decade-old deposition, but explosive sections about him obtaining quaaludes and giving them to women before sex are yet to come.More >> Texas grand jury indicts deputy, husband in death of man Texas grand jury indicts deputy, husband in death of man Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:01 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:01:39 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-06-09 07:03:07 GMT Texas grand jury indicts sheriff's deputy, her husband on murder charges in death of man during late-night confrontation.More >> Texas grand jury indicts sheriff's deputy, her husband on murder charges in death of man during late-night confrontation.More >> Warren Buffett auctions off lunch to raise money for charity Warren Buffett auctions off lunch to raise money for charity Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 1:21 AM EDT2017-06-09 05:21:58 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 2:42 AM EDT2017-06-09 06:42:54 GMT The price of a private lunch with billionaire Warren Buffett will likely top several million dollars before the online auction to benefit a California homeless charity wraps up Friday night.More >> The price of a private lunch with billionaire Warren Buffett will likely top several million dollars before the online auction to benefit a California homeless charity wraps up Friday night.More >> Conviction overturned for ex-model who tried to hire hit man Conviction overturned for ex-model who tried to hire hit man Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 2:01 AM EDT2017-06-09 06:01:53 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-06-09 06:36:45 GMT A former Ohio fashion model sentenced to prison for trying to hire a hit man to kill her husband's ex-wife has had her conviction overturned.More >> A former Ohio fashion model sentenced to prison for trying to hire a hit man to kill her husband's ex-wife has had her conviction overturned.More >> Supermarket massacre shooter left chilling online trail Supermarket massacre shooter left chilling online trail Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 3:23 PM EDT2017-06-08 19:23:14 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-06-09 06:36:40 GMT Authorities: 4 people dead in a murder-suicide in a northeast Pennsylvania supermarket.More >> Authorities: 4 people dead in a murder-suicide in a northeast Pennsylvania supermarket.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Pound falls, Asian shares higher as investors watch UK vote - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Sports Headlines LSU earns 3rd straight WCWS trip SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance The Investigators: Misuse of Position? Mayor accused of escorting people into town hall, helping them vote 9News Investigators: The Matassa Files - exclusive transcripts of bribery probe 9News Investigators: The Matassa Files - exclusive transcripts of bribery probe The Investigators: Horse advocate jailed on felony charges WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Best of the Class: 2017 Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business Pound falls, Asian shares higher as investors watch UK vote 2017-06-08T19:22:25Z2017-06-09T06:42:55Z (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan). Glenn Carell, second from right, works with other stock traders at the New York Stock Exchange, Thursday, June 8, 2017. By YURI KAGEYAMA AP Business Writer TOKYO (AP) - The pound slumped in Asian trading Friday on early signs that Britain's ruling Conservatives would have a weaker than expected showing in the country's election, but regional stock markets were mostly higher as investors shrugged off uncertainties. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 added 0.9 percent to 20,089.90 in morning trading, while South Korea's Kospi rose 0.8 percent to 2,382.64. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 was up 0.2 percent at 5,687.70. Hong Kong's Hang Seng inched down nearly 0.1 percent to 26,043.80. The Shanghai Composite added 0.4 percent to 3,163.00. BRITISH POLLS: Exit polls for the general election forecast that the Conservatives would fall short of a majority in parliament, raising the prospect that the country might not have a clear winner or strong government as it starts its negotiations to leave the European Union. CURRENCIES: The pound lost more than 2 cents versus the dollar seconds after the exit poll results were released, plunging from $1.2955 to $1.2752. It continued to bounce around that level and was recently trading at $1.2764. The dollar fell to 110.27 yen from 109.90 yen late Thursday in Asia. The euro weakened to $1.1196 from $1.255. THE QUOTE: "The possibility of a reduced Conservative majority or even a minority government is unlikely to have a significant impact on broader global markets," says Ric Spooner, chief market analyst at CMC Markets. "At this stage it is unclear what, if any, impact this will have on Brexit negotiations." WALL STREET: Financial companies led U.S. stock indexes higher Thursday, nudging the Nasdaq composite index to a record high. The Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 0.65 points, or 0.03 percent, to 2,433.79. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 8.84 points, or 0.04 percent, to 21,182.53. The Nasdaq added 24.38 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,321.76. TESTIMONY WATCH: Markets have also been closely watching former FBI Director James Comey testify before U.S. Congress as part of the investigation into Russian meddling into the presidential election. Comey told Congress that President Donald Trump's administration spread "lies" about him and the FBI after his abrupt firing in May. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude inched up 2 cents to $45.66 a barrel. It wavered for much of the day before sliding 8 cents to settle at $45.64 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 1 cent to $47.85 per barrel in London. ___ Yuri Kageyama can be reached on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Jury to hear Bill Cosby's testimony about quaaludes and sex Jury to hear Bill Cosby's testimony about quaaludes and sex Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 12:22 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:22:11 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-06-09 07:03:35 GMT Jurors at Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial have heard excerpts from the comedian's lurid, decade-old deposition, but explosive sections about him obtaining quaaludes and giving them to women before sex are yet to...More >> Jurors at Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial have heard excerpts from the comedian's lurid, decade-old deposition, but explosive sections about him obtaining quaaludes and giving them to women before sex are yet to come.More >> Texas grand jury indicts deputy, husband in death of man Texas grand jury indicts deputy, husband in death of man Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 6:01 PM EDT2017-06-08 22:01:39 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 3:03 AM EDT2017-06-09 07:03:07 GMT Texas grand jury indicts sheriff's deputy, her husband on murder charges in death of man during late-night confrontation.More >> Texas grand jury indicts sheriff's deputy, her husband on murder charges in death of man during late-night confrontation.More >> Warren Buffett auctions off lunch to raise money for charity Warren Buffett auctions off lunch to raise money for charity Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 1:21 AM EDT2017-06-09 05:21:58 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 2:42 AM EDT2017-06-09 06:42:54 GMT The price of a private lunch with billionaire Warren Buffett will likely top several million dollars before the online auction to benefit a California homeless charity wraps up Friday night.More >> The price of a private lunch with billionaire Warren Buffett will likely top several million dollars before the online auction to benefit a California homeless charity wraps up Friday night.More >> Conviction overturned for ex-model who tried to hire hit man Conviction overturned for ex-model who tried to hire hit man Posted: Friday, June 9 2017 2:01 AM EDT2017-06-09 06:01:53 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-06-09 06:36:45 GMT A former Ohio fashion model sentenced to prison for trying to hire a hit man to kill her husband's ex-wife has had her conviction overturned.More >> A former Ohio fashion model sentenced to prison for trying to hire a hit man to kill her husband's ex-wife has had her conviction overturned.More >> Supermarket massacre shooter left chilling online trail Supermarket massacre shooter left chilling online trail Posted: Thursday, June 8 2017 3:23 PM EDT2017-06-08 19:23:14 GMT Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 2:36 AM EDT2017-06-09 06:36:40 GMT Authorities: 4 people dead in a murder-suicide in a northeast Pennsylvania supermarket.More >> Authorities: 4 people dead in a murder-suicide in a northeast Pennsylvania supermarket.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> The Latest: Senate committee says more work ahead in probe The Latest: Senate committee says more work ahead in probe The chairman of the Senate Intelligence committee says there's more work ahead in the committee's investigation after hearing testimony from former FBI Director James ComeyMore >> The chairman of the Senate Intelligence committee says there's more work ahead in the committee's investigation after hearing testimony from former FBI Director James ComeyMore >> Comey speaks before Congress Comey speaks before Congress Former FBI Director James Comey tells Congress he believes he was fired "because of the Russia investigation ... That is a very big deal."More >> Former FBI Director James Comey tells Congress he believes he was fired "because of the Russia investigation ... That is a very big deal."More >> Comey says he was fired because of Russia investigation Comey says he was fired because of Russia investigation Former FBI Director James Comey tells Congress he believes he was fired "because of the Russia investigation ... That is a very big deal."More >> Former FBI Director James Comey tells Congress he believes he was fired "because of the Russia investigation ... That is a very big deal."More >> Backhoe used in attempted ATM theft outside Washington Backhoe used in attempted ATM theft outside Washington Authorities are seeking a man who has used a backhoe in an attempt to steal money from an ATM at a bank outside WashingtonMore >> Authorities are seeking a man who has used a backhoe in an attempt to steal money from an ATM at a bank outside WashingtonMore >> Remains of former slave eyed for sainthood moved to church Remains of former slave eyed for sainthood moved to church In a step toward possible sainthood, the remains of a former slave have been moved to a Catholic cathedral in Denver so people can more easily honor her and pray for her helpMore >> In a step toward possible sainthood, the remains of a former slave have been moved to a Catholic cathedral in Denver so people can more easily honor her and pray for her helpMore >> Kevin Spacey tight-lipped about his plans as host of Tonys Kevin Spacey tight-lipped about his plans as host of Tonys Kevin Spacey is being very tight-lipped about his plans as host of Sunday night's Tony Awards, saying 'Everything's on the table.'More >> Kevin Spacey is being very tight-lipped about his plans as host of Sunday night's Tony Awards, saying 'Everything's on the table.'More >> Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand Jury may soon hear from Cosby, even if he doesn't take stand A jury that heard seven hours of testimony from a woman who says Bill Cosby drugged and assaulted her may soon hear statements he made in an earlier depositionMore >> A jury that heard seven hours of testimony from a woman who says Bill Cosby drugged and assaulted her may soon hear statements he made in an earlier depositionMore >> Climate decision could accelerate damage to Trump properties Climate decision could accelerate damage to Trump properties President Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement could accelerate damage to his family's real estate empire in the coming decades, especially his properties that lie just feet from the encroaching sea in low-lying South FloridaMore >> President Trump's decision to pull out of the Paris climate agreement could accelerate damage to his family's real estate empire in the coming decades, especially his properties that lie just feet from the encroaching sea in low-lying South FloridaMore >> NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants NASA picks 12 new astronauts from crush of applicants NASA has chosen 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants everMore >> NASA has chosen 12 new astronauts from its biggest pool of applicants everMore >> Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit field of play Muslim student athletes at one U.S. high school no longer have to be slowed down by worries that their headscarves might fall offMore >> Muslim student athletes at one U.S. high school no longer have to be slowed down by worries that their headscarves might fall offMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Nasdaq at record, Dow edges up after Comey testimony Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Nasdaq at record, Dow edges up after Comey testimony close breaking news Advertisement Business Nasdaq at record, Dow edges up after Comey testimony A stock trader at the New York Stock Exchange watches former FBI Director James Comey on a television monitor on Jun 8, 2017, as Comey testifies before a congressional committee in Washington. (Photo: AP/Mark Lennihan) 09 Jun 2017 05:04AM (Updated: 09 Jun 2017 06:07AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks ended higher on Thursday (Jun 8) as investors took in stride dramatic testimony from ousted FBI chief James Comey on his firing by President Donald Trump and links to the Russia investigation. The advance was good enough to lift the Nasdaq to a fresh record, while the Dow and S&P 500 eked out modest gains. Comey, who Trump fired last month amid an investigation into the presidential campaign's connections with Russia, testified that Trump asked him for "loyalty" and to drop a criminal investigation into former National Security Advisor Mike Flynn. Comey said he took painstaking notes of the extraordinary encounters for fear Trump might "lie" about the meetings, a step he did not deem necessary with earlier presidents. While the testimony painted an unflattering picture of Trump, analysts said most of the information had been aired in press reports and the disclosures themselves were not disturbing enough to end the market's bullish sentiment. Advertisement Advertisement Comey himself declined to address whether Trump's conduct constituted obstruction of justice, an impeachable offence. "Based on what the stock market is doing, it did not see a smoking gun based on this testimony from Mr. Comey," said Briefing.com Patrick O'Hare. The Nasdaq Composite Index gained 24.38 points (0.39 per cent) to close the session at 6,321.76, eclipsing a record set last Friday. The Dow Jones Industrial Average added 8.84 points (0.04 per cent) to finish at 21,182.53, while the broad-based S&P 500 rose 0.65 points (0.03 per cent) to 2,433.79. Banking shares were strong, with Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase all winning more than one percent. sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget Media shares were pressured, with CBS, Comcast and Disney all down at least one percent. Yahoo shares jumped 10.2 per cent as shareholders endorsed the US$4.5 billion sale of the tech giant's core business to Verizon. Verizon lost 0.7 per cent. Nordstrom surged 10.3 per cent as it announced it was weighing the possibility of taking the company private. Source: AFP/ec Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper x OFFICIAL RESULTS: Hung Parliament in Britain as Theresa May's ruling Conservative Party loses majority Nasdaq at record, Dow edges up after Comey testimony Former FBI director James Comey testifies before the Senate Intelligence Committee.PHOTO: AFP Published10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4bJm Copy NEW YORK (AFP) - Wall Street stocks ended higher on Thursday (June 8) as investors took in stride dramatic testimony from ousted FBI chief James Comey on his firing by President Donald Trump and links to the Russia investigation. The advance was good enough to lift the Nasdaq to a fresh record, while the Dow and S&P 500 eked out modest gains. Comey, who Trump fired last month amid an investigation into the presidential campaign's connections with Russia, testified that Trump asked him for "loyalty" and to drop a criminal investigation into former National Security Adviser Mike Flynn. Comey said he took painstaking notes of the extraordinary encounters for fear Trump might "lie" about the meetings, a step he did not deem necessary with earlier presidents. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up While the testimony painted an unflattering picture of Trump, analysts said most of the information had been aired in press reports and the disclosures themselves were not disturbing enough to end the market's bullish sentiment. Comey himself declined to address whether Trump's conduct constituted obstruction of justice, an impeachable offence. "Based on what the stock market is doing, it did not see a smoking gun based on this testimony from Mr Comey," said Briefing.com Patrick O'Hare. The Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.4 per cent to close the session at 6,321.76, eclipsing a record set last Friday. The Dow Jones Industrial Average added less than 0.1 per cent to finish at 21,182.53, while the broad-based S&P 500 rose a hair to 2,433.79. Banking shares were strong, with Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase all winning more than 1 per cent. Media shares were pressured, with CBS, Comcast and Disney all down at least 1 per cent. Yahoo shares jumped 10.2 per cent as shareholders endorsed the US$4.5 billion (S$6.2 billion) sale of the tech giant's core business to Verizon. Verizon lost 0.7 per cent. Nordstrom surged 10.3 per cent as it announced it was weighing the possibility of taking the company private. Topics:  STOCKS AND SHARES DOW JONES NASDAQ More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4bJm Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content starhub_a126125_2017june05_strosnative.jpg French Open…here’s what you never knew vitagen_a126212_2017jun05_300x200_st_native.jpg IBS: What you need to know and how to seek help eyemo_a125690_2017jun05_300x200_stnative.jpg Household brand Eye Mo is back on shelves Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
null
null
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Microsoft Azure adds OpenBSD support. Repeat. Azure adds OpenBSD support. Avanade getting into hardware to deliver an Azure Stack Amazon pulls snouts from all-you-can-eat cloud storage buffet Speaking in Tech: Blame millennials for customer engagement upheaval Hadoop-flinger MapR: Yes to IPO, profits 'soon after' Apple appears to relax ban on apps fetching, running extra code – remains aloof as always Microsoft SCOM crashed some web apps, but the fix didn't fix it Hotel guest goes broke after booking software gremlin makes her pay for strangers' rooms In detail: How we are all pushed, filed, stamped, indexed, briefed, debriefed or numbered – by online biz all day Ex-NSA bod sues US govt for 'illegally spying' on Americans: We drill into 'explosive' 'lawsuit' 20 Apple China staff collared for allegedly flogging customers' info Ex-SpaceX avionics tech loses safety certificate-forging wrongful dismissal lawsuit So despite all the cash ploughed into big data, no one knows how to make it profitable HPE: You're rubbish at hybrid cloud – so we'll cook a NüStack to fix it HPE claims new gen-10 ProLiants have more mem persistence, more secure server firmware Who's going to dig you out of a security hole when the time comes? State of DevOps: Everyone's slinging code out faster First-day-on-the-job dev: I accidentally nuked production database, was instantly fired How do you do, fellow kids? Grandpa Puppet gets down with Docker What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Policy The Channel Yahoo! shareholders! sign! off! sale! to ! Verizon!, which! sharpens! axe! Alphabet offloads bot businesses Boston Dynamics and SCHAFT Dell's losses widen in first post-EMC quarter, but nobody's worried Donald Trumped: Comey says Prez is a liar – and admits he's a leaker Uh-Koh! Apple-Samsung judge to oversee buggy Intel modem chip fight State senator sacked by broadband biz Frontier after voting in favor of broadband competition When can real-world laws invade augmented reality fantasies? A trial in Milwaukee will decide Dish Network hit with $280 MEEELLION fine for relentless robocalling Geek's Guide Science megablast: Comets may have brought xenon to Earth Feeling old? Well, we're older than that: Newly found Homo sapiens jaw dates back 350k years Busted Russian casino hackers had an appetite for drugs and chocolate Meteor swarm spawns new and dangerous branch Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things DeepMind takes a shot at teaching AI to reason with relational networks Human-free robo-cars on Washington streets after governor said the software is 'foolproof' Ericsson leads 5G connected car gang towards pot of EU gold Infosec guru Schneier: Govts WILL intervene to regulate Internet of Sh!t Verity Stob Hyperloop One teases idea of 50-minute London-Edinburgh ride Class clowns literally classless: Harvard axes meme-flinging morons Oil and lube firm offers to ease pains of frustrated office workers Utah fights man's attempt to marry laptop 9 Business Oh no, Silicon Valley! Failed startup CEO on fraud rap after allegedly bullsh*ting staff and refusing to pay them Isn't that, like, 90% of tech upstarts' biz models? 8 Jun 2017 at 19:43, Thomas Claburn In an indictment unsealed on Wednesday, Isaac Choi, founder and CEO of failed Silicon Valley job search startup WrkRiot, was charged with five counts of wire fraud for allegedly defrauding former employees. Problems at the upstart surfaced in August when Penny Kim, former head of marketing for the company, published an account of her experience at an unnamed biz. She said the unspecified outfit failed to pay her and forged wire transfer confirmations to make it appear it had transferred owed funds. After it emerged that Kim was talking about WrkRiot, the company threatened legal action. Her blog post was widely discussed on Hacker News and Reddit, among other online forums. By the end of August, when former CTO Al Brown acknowledged being the person referred to as "Charlie" in Kim's post and corroborated her claims, WrkRiot had shut down its website and Facebook page. The US Department of Justice indictment claims Choi lured employees to his company through misrepresentations about his professional, educational, and financial background and encouraged them to continue working for his company by providing fake pay receipts. According to prosecutors, Choi – also known as Yi Suk Choi, Yisuk Choi, Yi Suk Chae, and Isaac Chae, but not the same person as Isaac O. Choi – falsely claimed he had a degree from a well-known New York business school, worked as a financial analyst a large financial firm, had a personal fortune, and planned to invest a significant amount of money in his company. An online profile of Choi suggests the financial firm in question was JP Morgan Chase. The justice department contends that in August, 2016, Choi sent emails to WrkRiot employees assuring them that salary payments were on their way and attached purported bank transfer confirmations. "In reality, as alleged in the indictment, Choi sent forged wire transfer confirmations in order to induce WrkRiot employees to continue working for the company without being paid," the Department of Justice said in a statement. The Department of Justice did not immediately respond to a request for further information. ® Tips and corrections 9 Comments MORE Silicon Valley Department Of Justice Fraud Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register Why software engineers should ditch Silicon Valley for Austin And it has nothing to do with South by Southwest 64 Comments Tech Trump: Silicon Valley steps into the valley of unhappiness It's a long litany of problematic positions 62 Comments Supermicro boasts of secret super server Silicon Valley win 30,000+ into a single 'valley data centre - but whose is it? 9 Comments Trump's immigration clampdown has Silicon Valley techies fearing for their house prices Don't worry too much, suggest real-estate bods 90 Comments Startup offers $10,000 to Silicon Valley techies … who will leave Bay Area High cost of peninsula leads to 'de-location' offer 26 Comments Silicon Valley staffing agency boss charged with H‑1B visa fraud CEO and pal faked letters from Cisco, Brocade, Stanford, prosecutors claim 10 Comments Whitepapers Preparing for Private Cloud and Hybrid IT with Red Hat Cloud Infrastructure IT organizations continue to run many of their traditional apps on premise, moving to private cloud, while using public shared cloud for selected “other” workloads. Evaluation Guide for Mobile App Security Testing What do you need to look for when identifying, evaluating, and implementing mobile app security testing solutions? Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. 5 Ways Veritas NetBackup 8 Makes Microsoft Hyper-V Backup Rock! Transform and simplify the protection of your VMware, physical, and cloud environments no matter where they reside. Most read Ex-MI5 boss: People ask, why didn't you follow all these people ... on your radar? Hand in your notice – by 2022 there'll be 350,000 cybersecurity vacancies Senator blows a fuse as US spies continue lying over spying program Hyperloop One teases idea of 50-minute London-Edinburgh ride Golden handshakes of almost half a million at Wikimedia Foundation Spotlight Donald Trumped: Comey says Prez is a liar – and admits he's a leaker Tech can do a lot, Prime Minister, but it can't save the NHS How the Facebook money funnel is shaping British elections Your roadmap to the Google vs Oracle Java wars Project Gollum: Because NHS Caring means NHS Sharing Plutus Payroll clients and staff fell for plausible business model fairy tales Drugs, vodka, Volvo: The Scandinavian answer to Britain's future new border UK General Election 2017: How EU law will hit British politicians' Facebook fight Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news and views for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide Snap shares 'dramatically' overvalued — and there's more pressure ahead, analyst says Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan 11 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Wall Street is getting bearish on Snap    13 Hours Ago | 02:18 With a much weaker competitive edge than six months ago, there's about to be some serious pressure on shares of Snap's stock, an analyst told CNBC on Thursday. "I think it's a risky and speculative stock, and the data is starting to bear that out," Nomura analyst Anthony DiClemente told "Power Lunch." Snap, the maker of ephemeral messaging app Snapchat, saw shares fall about 3.5 percent on Thursday, amid DiClemente's bearish research note, and a Bloomberg report that Snap is the year's most-shorted tech IPO so far. Snap's $3.4 billion March public offering was hotly anticipated, reawakening a struggling U.S. IPO market. Shares rose 44 percent on their first day of trading, with more than the entire 200 million-share offering changing hands within the first day. But since then, rival Facebook has dulled Snap's competitive edge, DiClemente said, by releasing copycat products to its massive user base. And more change is afoot. Lucas Jackson | Reuters Snap cofounders Evan Spiegel (R) and Bobby Murphy walk to ring the opening bell of the New York Stock Exchange shortly before the company's IPO in New York, March 2, 2017. An additional 1.2 billion Snap shares, or 84 percent of the company's shares outstanding, could flood the market when the company's lock-up period expires from July 31 to August 31, according to JPMorgan, one of the IPO's underwriters. When that happened to Twitter, shares fell 18 percent to what was then an all-time low. Facebook, on the other hand, popped 11 percent when its lock-up period expired. To be sure, DiClemente's research cites app download data, since it will be a while before Snap reports quarterly earnings again. DiClemente's $14 price target on the stock is well below the average of $21.03 a share listed in FactSet. Still, DiClemente said he thinks the share price could well fall to the single digits. "I think there's going to be pressure on the stock ahead and through the lockup," DiClemente said. "It's dramatically overvalued." Snap did not immediately respond to a request for comment. — CNBC's Tae Kim contributed to this report. Disclosure: CNBC parent NBCUniversal invested $500 million in Snap's IPO. Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change FB --- SNAP --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
null
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Dash cam shows Texas deputy beating up teen Hospital accused of secretly taping patient calls Texas woman denied bond in NSA leak case New plans for historic Heights waterworks Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Video: Texas deputy seen punching teen in new video released Texas woman granted clemency by Obama ordered back to federal Harris Co. sheriff's deputy, husband charged with murder in 'Impeachmint' and 'Bad Hombre': Houston bar toasts Comey day US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Video: Alligator breaks through screen, swims in Florida pool Twitter explodes over Comey’s testimony on Trump, Russia and Fired TV reporter says she's 'ruined' after cringe-worthy rant Ivanka Trump’s “Why I Disagree With My Dad” ‘Us Weekly’ Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets On deck: Astros vs. Angels Penguins crush Predators to take 3-2 lead in Stanley Cup Lance McCullers, 9th-inning surge power Astros past Royals Christian Pulisic scores twice, U.S. beats Trinidad and Tobago in Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Heights waterworks plan now includes retail Roka Akor announces opening date at Weslayan Street high-rise Memorial Hermann offers tech remedy for those lost in hospital's Oil's plunge hints at broader market signal: slow down, shale Entertainment Restaurants & Bars Music TV Movies Preview Arts & Theater Horoscopes Books Things To Do Puzzles & Games From 'Game of Thrones' to 'The Office,' these are the best TV Upscale, white-tablecloth dining planned for Lucienne in Samantha Bee reports on Houston drug test kits Houston doctor launches new theater company: Caduceus Theater Life Society Travel Style Food & Cooking Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Luxe Life Houston Gives Weddings Sponsored Content Where you'll see fellow Houstonians while on vacation this summer Upgrade your furry friend's life with the 'most luxurious dog Chip Gaines is going to look really different in Season 5 of Video: Girlfriend finds rattlesnake in toilet, screams for Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate Home Price Survey Senior Living My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/real-estate/article/Heights-waterworks-plan-now-includes-retail-11206224.php Heights waterworks plan now includes retail By Katherine Feser Updated 4:17 pm, Thursday, June 8, 2017 Photo: Braun Enterprises Image 1of/10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include four restaurant buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting 19th Street..Â Jared Tipps of Tipps Architecture is designing the renovation and new building. less Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include four restaurant buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail ... more Photo: Braun Enterprises Image 2 of 10 Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include four restaurant buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting 19th Street..Â Jared Tipps of Tipps Architecture is designing the renovation and new building. less Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include four restaurant buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail ... more Photo: Braun Enterprises Image 3 of 10 Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include four restaurant buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting 19th Street..Â Jared Tipps of Tipps Architecture is designing the renovation and new building. less Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include four restaurant buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail ... more Photo: Braun Enterprises Image 4 of 10 Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include four restaurant buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting 19th Street..Â Jared Tipps of Tipps Architecture is designing the renovation and new building. less Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include four restaurant buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail ... more Photo: Braun Enterprises Image 5 of 10 Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include three buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting 19th Street..Â Jared Tipps of Tipps Architecture is designing the renovation and new building. less Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include three buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting ... more Photo: Braun Enterprises Image 6 of 10 Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include three buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting 19th Street..Â Jared Tipps of Tipps Architecture is designing the renovation and new building. less Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include three buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting ... more Photo: Braun Enterprises Image 7 of 10 Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include three buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting 19th Street..Â Jared Tipps of Tipps Architecture is designing the renovation and new building. less Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include three buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting ... more Photo: Braun Enterprises Image 8 of 10 Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include three buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting 19th Street..Â Jared Tipps of Tipps Architecture is designing the renovation and new building. less Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include three buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting ... more Photo: Braun Enterprises Image 9 of 10 Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include three buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting 19th Street..Â Jared Tipps of Tipps Architecture is designing the renovation and new building. less Braun Enterprises announced plans to redevelop the Heights waterworks on 19th Street at Nicholson. The project would include three buildings and an additional proposed 5,000-square-foot retail building fronting ... more Photo: Braun Enterprises Image 10 of 10 Heights waterworks plan now includes retail 1 / 10 Back to Gallery Braun Enterprises plans to redevelop the historic Heights waterworks, a city-owned property on 19th Street, into a collection of restaurants in the neighborhood near downtown. The Houston-based company is under contract to acquire the site from Alliance Residential in late September, according to Zach Wolf, director of leasing for Braun Enterprises. It will purchase the property, which sits on more than 1.5 acres at the northeast corner of 19th and Nicholson, from the Phoenix-based apartment developer. Alliance Residential is buying two catty-corner lots along Nicholson at West 20th streets from the city of Houston, and will in turn sell the lot with the waterworks buildings to Braun Enterprises. "This is our 25th project in the Heights area," Braun Enterprises president Dan Braun said in an email. "Our intent is to embrace the walkability and help continue to connect Yale to Shepherd along 19th Street," he said, adding that 19th "has always been the bull's-eye in the Heights for retail and by adding four freestanding restaurants, we hope to make this an area for the community to gather in the Heights." (Story continues below ... ) Latest News Video The waterworks include a 1928 concrete and brick reservoir building recorded in the National Register of Historic Places; an Art Deco pumping station from 1939; and a pump building constructed in 1949. A proposed building along 19th Street would add 5,000 square feet to the project, which is being designed by Jared Tipps of Tipps Architecture. A lawn area would be created in the center of the existing buildings, which total almost 12,000 square feet. One of the buildings could be expanded by nearly 1,300 square feet. "We are incorporating a considerable amount of greenery and outdoor space to make it very pedestrian friendly," Wolf said. "The Heights Hike and Bike Trail runs adjacent to the western side of our property and we expect to generate considerable pedestrian traffic off of the trail." Braun Enterprises' area developments have attracted tenants such as Harold's Restaurant, Bar & Terrace and Torchy's Tacos at nearby Harold's in the Heights, Mellow Mushroom at 1919 N. Shepherd and Bernie's Burger Bus at 2200 Yale. The site is directly across from another potential redevelopment site. Earlier this year, JPMorgan Chase Bank put its two-story bank building and land on the market. It is reserving a portion as the site for a new modern building. Just north of that, Alliance Residential plans to develop a Broadstone apartment midrise. Braun Enterprises would begin work as soon as the property purchase is finalized, with completion targeted in the second quarter, according to Wolf, who anticipates plenty of interest from both national and local restaurants. "Nineteenth Street has always been the main street. It's where everyone wants to be," Wolf said. "There just hasn't been any space available." Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Dash cam shows Texas deputy beating up teen Hospital accused of secretly taping patient calls Texas woman denied bond in NSA leak case New plans for historic Heights waterworks The Lead Houston suburb’s diversity draws national attention Cell phone in dressing room sparks Woodlands search Video: Texas dad with ALS 'taps out' graduating son Decomposing remains found at NW Harris apartment Single dad's cry for help gets overwhelming response Houston restaurants hit with strange thefts Searchers quickly find Houston motorcyclist's body Developer buys huge tract in NW Houston Video: Mom lets snake bite her year-old baby Sheriff's deputy, husband surrender in Denny's choking case MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Samantha Bee puts Houston on spot Mom catches man in gross act An 'awe-inspiring' weather event over Texas Freed by Obama, Texas woman off to prison Chip Gaines is looking very different The truth about 'Property Brothers' vs. 'Fixer Upper' 'Brother vs. Brother' tackles Galveston Astros, fans see no-hitter within reach Astros get bad news about Dallas Keuchel Top pitching prospect called up from AAA Twitter explodes amid Comey hearing Trump silent on testimony, but son goes on attack Sen. John McCain's bizarre questioning of Comey More Business News Heights waterworks plan now includes retail Roka Akor announces opening date at Weslayan Street high-rise Memorial Hermann offers tech remedy for those lost in... Oil's plunge hints at broader market signal: slow down, shale... Competitive markets have lowered Texans' utility bills, study... 1,600 acres to be developed on Houston's far northwest outskirts Most Read 1 Harris Co. sheriff's deputy, husband charged with murder in... 2 Methodist Hospital sued over alleged secret taping of patient... 3 Chip Gaines is going to look really different in Season 5 of... 4 Sen. John McCain's bizarre questioning of Comey 5 Community dramatically responds to single dad, Sicily Pizza... 6 Texas woman granted clemency by Obama ordered back to federal... 7 1,600 acres to be developed on Houston's far northwest outskirts 8 Video: Texas deputy seen punching teen in new video released 9 New video surfaces in fatal altercation at Denny's 10 Lance McCullers, 9th-inning surge power Astros past Royals Small Business Business Diversity Training How to Sync Outlook Including Recurring Events How to Save a Microsoft Publisher File as an Image File Importance of an Employee's Role in Appraisal How to Change a Business Name for an EIN View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
null
Charlotte’s down to six Fortune 500 companies. A decade ago, it - | WBTV Charlotte Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WBTV Blogs Web Extra Links NEWS WBTV Investigates Good News Consumer Stories Business News Crimestoppers NC News SC News WEATHER Weather Blogs WBTV Weather App Hurricane Center Doppler Radar Fishing forecast Tower Cam Scott Clark's Toyota City WeatherNet Closings & Delays Closings System Interactive Radar Photos Allergy Forecast SPORTS Carolina Panthers Take 3 Auto Racing College Football Golf Prep Zone On The Go With Stro Super Fan Football Friday Night VIDEO TRAFFIC Traffic Map/Conditions Charlotte Traffic Cams South Carolina Traffic Cams Airport Delays NC DOT SC DOT Features Morning Break Contests Entertainment News Slideshows Lifestyle Pets and Animals Molly's Kids Recipes Survivor of the Month Team No Sugar Your Photos and Video! Mo Knows For Your Safety Keeping You Healthy COMMUNITY Catawba County News Gaston County News Salisbury News Mecklenburg County News Union County News Iredell County News South Carolina News High Country News Lincoln County News Speak Out Editorials Community Events Survivor of the Month Super Fan ABOUT US Facebook Download our apps Twitter Contact Us Advertise With Us! Digital Sales Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WBTV Jobs WBTV Press Releases TV What's on WBTV? Watch CBS Shows What's On Bounce TV? Entertainment Fix It & Finish It Flip My Food Marketplace Charlotte’s down to six Fortune 500 companies. A decade ago, it had nine. 2017-06-08T17:20:22Z2017-06-08T18:05:53Z By The Charlotte Observer Staff Email Connect webteam@wbtv.com (Source: WBTV/File) (Source: Mark Hames | Charlotte Observer) (Source: WBTV/File) CHARLOTTE, N.C. (Matt Kaminer | The Charlotte Observer) - Six companies based in the Charlotte area appeared in the Fortune 500 rankings released this week – down from seven in 2016, after Fort Mill-based Domtar just outside of the top 500. Here are the six companies and their rankings among the largest publicly traded American firms, based on revenue: Bank of America, No. 26. Lowe’s Cos., No. 40. Duke Energy, No. 121. Nucor, No. 169. Sonic Automotive, No. 287. Sealed Air, No. 397. As recently as 2007, the Charlotte area had nine companies on the list. But once San Francisco-based Wells Fargo acquired Charlotte-based Wachovia in 2008, that number slipped to eight. It fell again in 2015 following the sale of Family Dollar Stores to Dollar Tree. PREVIOUS: Dollar Tree completes sale of 330 Family Dollar stores to Sycamore Partners Domtar, a paper company that’s appeared among the last 100 firms on the top 500 list for the past few years, fell 16 spots from No. 489 in 2016. The company ended up at No. 505 after a 2.3 percent decrease in revenue last year. Bank of America maintained its No. 26 standing after registering the second-most profitable year in company history, with revenues at about $93.6 billion. It remains one of the top-ranked banks in the Fortune 500, with only two banks, Wells Fargo and New York-based J.P. Morgan Chase, appearing higher. Lowe’s, a home improvement retailer based in Mooresville, jumped seven spots to enter the top 40 for the first time in company history as it acquired Canadian retailer RONA in a deal that boosted sales by 10 percent. However, the company fell short of Wall Street expectations for profits last year as it continues to play catch-up with Atlanta-based Home Depot, ranked at No. 24. Duke Energy posted a 2.3 percent revenue drop, sliding six spots from 2016. While its acquisition of Piedmont Natural Gas last October boosted yearly earnings, the utilities firm withstood a fourth-quarter loss of $227 million as it sold its international business. Despite a 1.2 percent revenue drop, steelmaker Nucor Corporation moved up one spot on the list. Sonic Automotive climbed 10 spots in the wake of a 1.1 percent increase in revenue and an 8 percent rise in profits. The auto retailer debuted on the Fortune 500 in 2000, ranked No. 460, but jumped over 160 spots the following year to enter the top 300 and has remained steady since. Sealed Air, a packaging company known for Bubble Wrap, sunk 22 spots. The company announced earlier this year that it would be selling over a third of the company to Bain Capital Private Equity for $3.2 billion. Nationwide, Bentonville, Ark.-based Walmart topped the list for the fifth straight year, joined in the top three by Omaha, Neb.-based Berkshire Hathaway and Cupertino, Calif.- based Apple. RSS FeedsMore>> News Feed News Feed Get news stories via RSS.More >> Get news stories via RSS.More >> Sports Feed Sports Feed Get sports stories via RSS.More >> Get sports stories via RSS.More >> RSS Feeds RSS Feeds Add headlines to your RSS news readerMore >> specialConnect with us!More>> Like us on Facebook Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Twitter Text & Email Alerts Text & Email Alerts Download our Apps Download our Apps Send Photos & Video Send Photos & Video    Local NewsMore>> Charlotte woman dies from severe burns, husband charged with first-degree murder Charlotte woman dies from severe burns, husband charged with first-degree murder Updated: Friday, June 9 2017 12:17 AM EDT2017-06-09 04:17:24 GMT Gary James McGill According to the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department, 51-year-old Gary James McGill is accused of assaulting his wife, 47-year-old Archie McGill, in May. More >> According to the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department, 51-year-old Gary James McGill is accused of assaulting his wife, 47-year-old Archie McGill, in May. More >> VIDEO: NC woman catches large snake inside home VIDEO: NC woman catches large snake inside home Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 10:28 PM EDT2017-06-09 02:28:06 GMT A still from the video posted by SunShine McCurry. Some people might have been scared, and unsure of what to do - but not McCurry. The homeowner, who lives near a creek and raises chickens, has dealt with snakes before.More >> Some people might have been scared, and unsure of what to do - but not McCurry. The homeowner, who lives near a creek and raises chickens, has dealt with snakes before.More >> Exclusive: Burr reacts to Comey testimony, discusses Russia investigation Exclusive: Burr reacts to Comey testimony, discusses Russia investigation Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 8:42 PM EDT2017-06-09 00:42:18 GMT Comey made statements calling the veracity of Trump’s statements and claims into question throughout his testimony. More >> Comey made statements calling the veracity of Trump’s statements and claims into question throughout his testimony.More >> Ex-cop never charged after threatening to kill former girlfriend. Then he did. Ex-cop never charged after threatening to kill former girlfriend. Then he did. Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 7:59 PM EDT2017-06-08 23:59:10 GMT Elisa Meryl Slutzky (Source: Photo provided to The Charlotte Observer courtesy of the Slutzky family) A former police officer who killed his ex-girlfriend and himself in her Huntersville home underwent an involuntary psychiatric evaluation after telling co-workers he intended to harm her. More >> A former police officer who killed his ex-girlfriend and himself in her Huntersville home underwent an involuntary psychiatric evaluation after telling co-workers he intended to harm her.More >> Former Senate Watergate staffer weighs in on Comey's testimony Former Senate Watergate staffer weighs in on Comey's testimony Updated: Thursday, June 8 2017 7:32 PM EDT2017-06-08 23:32:52 GMT (Source: WBTV/File) Charlotte attorney David Erdman has worn many hats in the community. Erdman has been a city council member and headed up the local democratic party.More >> Charlotte attorney David Erdman has worn many hats in the community. Erdman has been a city council member and headed up the local democratic party.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1 Julian Price Pl. Charlotte, NC 28208 (704) 374-3500 FCC Public File publicfile@wbtv.com (704) 374-3788 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 42-55 We set you thinking Friday 9 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Singapore Vivian to make two-day visit to China 1496991480 World EU's Moscovici says British vote to influence 'spirit' of Brexit talks 1496990799 World Hunt for missing Myanmar plane enters third day; total of 31 bodies recovered 1496990616 World As Brexit talks loom, shock UK election leaves May hanging by a thread 1496984848 World Aston Martin calls for investment clarity after inconclusive UK election 1496989393 Business Airbus sees 20-year demand for 34,899 jets, trims traffic growth 1496989579 World Election gamble leaves 'strong and stable' British PM anything but 1496988747 World EU fears Brexit delay, uncertainty after shock UK vote 1496988747 World British PM loses majority, faces pressure to resign 1496985960 Voices Important to stay united against those who aim to divide 1496989024 World Somalia's president vows revenge on al Shabaab after deadly attack 1496988216 Business Sterling stunned by UK election shock, fallout limited elsewhere 1496988041 Entertainment Peranakan fashion at your fingertips 1496921820 Entertainment Spotify nemesis Taylor Swift ends streaming boycott 1496987460 Entertainment Road closures for Crazy Rich Asians 1496983860 World Exiled Chinese tycoon fraudulently obtained big loans, employees tell court 1496986152 Business Oil stabilizes after steep falls, but supply glut prevails 1496985146 World Factbox: What happens with Brexit if there's no clear winner of UK election? 1496985572 Business Firms see big bucks in upgrade of U.S. air traffic control system 1496984814 World Qatar rejects as baseless terrorism blacklist by four Arab states 1496984983 World As Brexit talks loom, shock UK election leaves May hanging by a thread 1496985060 Business Mexico sugar deal hard to swallow for last U.S. candy cane maker 1496984537 World Britain may need to ask for delay to Brexit process: JPMorgan 1496982440 Singapore NLB told to review vetting process after removal of controversial Malay books 1496952120 Singapore Removal of controversial Malay books: NLB to learn from incident, but can't vet every book, says Yaacob 1496977800 World North Korea’s anti-ship missile test aims to show it can repel assault 1496981825 World Japan's parliament clears way for emperor's abdication 1496981289 Singapore Maximum S$1,000 fine for man who caused security scare at Hougang MRT Station 1496981220 World Factbox: What results to watch as UK election goes down to the wire? 1496980364 World South Korea's Blue House asks lawmakers to approve of foreign minister nominee 1496979297 World Scottish leader Sturgeon says election 'disastrous' for PM May 1496978213 Business JPMorgan operating chief to go, Dimon successor pool shrinks 1496977980 World UK opposition Labour leader Corbyn calls for PM May to stand down 1496977189 World Northern Ireland's DUP surge, could help Britain's May reach majority 1496977189 World Malaysia wants SOS button in Uber, Grab apps 1496977018 Business SoftBank unit buys robotics businesses from Alphabet Inc 1496975506 World Islamic State says it killed two Chinese teachers kidnapped in Pakistan 1496974140 World Betting markets split over who will be next British PM 1496973556 World Japan clears way for first emperor abdiction in over 200 years 1496973417 World Ivanka Trump’s brand distances itself from China shoemaker 1496972217 World Australian counter-terrorism police conduct raids after fatal siege 1496971043 China&India Backing for Iran is part of China’s delicate Middle East balancing act, say analysts 1496970720 World U.S. wary of French push for U.N. to back Sahel force: diplomats 1496969085 World 14 bodies found in mass grave in Mexican resort of Los Cabos 1496968453 Business Nordstrom family explores taking retailer private, shares surge 1496968043 World Instant View: British PM May seen short of majority in election exit poll 1496967441 World UK's Conservatives hold Nuneaton but Labour poaching UKIP votes 1496966642 World North Korea fires suspected land-to-ship missiles as South Korea delays THAAD 1496965936 Singapore Winning ‘hackers’ might be among first batch of NS cyber defenders 1496952120 World China reiterates opposition to anti-missile system despite delay 1496965293 Business U.S. services data suggests upward revision to first-quarter GDP A waitress waits for plates in the kitchen of a restaurant in Bayou La Batre,. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 12:30 AM, June 9, 2017 WASHINGTON - The U.S. economy was probably not as weak in the first quarter as has been reported, with data on Thursday showing modestly stronger consumer spending than previously estimated. The Commerce Department's quarterly services survey, or QSS, showed consumption, including healthcare spending, increased at a faster clip than the government had assumed in its second estimate of gross domestic product published last month. Economists said the data suggested first-quarter consumer spending could be lifted by as much as eight-tenths of a percentage point to a 1.4 percent annual rate when the government publishes its third GDP estimate on June 29. Consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. economic activity, was reported last month to have grown at the start of the year at its slowest pace since the fourth quarter of 2009. "This revision should be partially related to health care consumption, but other spending categories will likely play a role as well," said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The QSS data suggested first-quarter GDP could be revised up to as high as a 1.5 percent annualized rate from the 1.2 percent growth pace reported in May, according to economists. Forecasting firm Macroeconomic Advisers said the solid services revenues implied stronger momentum for consumer spending heading into the second quarter. "As a result, we raised our tracking forecast of second-quarter GDP growth by one-tenth to 3.0 percent," Macroeconomic Advisers said. Economists saw little impact on the first-quarter estimates for intellectual property products from the QSS data. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble Yahoo shareholders approve sale of core business to Verizon Wilbur Ross sees 'genuine' national security concern on steel When economic data goes from great to good What's truly Italian? Food fight foils 'Made in Italy' plan What does a CEO look like? New female 'Foundation 500' list challenges stereotypes Wells Fargo's business banking group expands to four regions Waymo working on self-driving trucks Warren Buffett lunch bidding quickly hits $1 million Wall Street slips ahead of UK vote, ECB, Comey testimony Wall Street rises as data points to accelerating economy Inside Today World EU's Moscovici says British vote to influence 'spirit' of Brexit talks Hunt for missing Myanmar plane enters third day; total of 31 bodies recovered Aston Martin calls for investment clarity after inconclusive UK election EU fears Brexit delay, uncertainty after shock UK vote Election gamble leaves 'strong and stable' British PM anything but Business Airbus sees 20-year demand for 34,899 jets, trims traffic growth Sterling stunned by UK election shock, fallout limited elsewhere Oil stabilizes after steep falls, but supply glut prevails Firms see big bucks in upgrade of U.S. air traffic control system Mexico sugar deal hard to swallow for last U.S. candy cane maker Sports Lions’ win over fast-improving Taiwan not a given Rising S’pore shuttler Yeo Jia Min is new world junior No 1 Conte says I am not in his plans next season: Diego Costa Manchester City sign Brazilian keeper Ederson Family carnival and clinics to kickstart ICC football activities in Singapore Entertainment Spotify nemesis Taylor Swift ends streaming boycott Road closures for Crazy Rich Asians Chuck Berry revisits youth in posthumous album Peranakan fashion at your fingertips Wonder Woman banned in yet another country — Tunisia About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
   Home     About BusinessWorld     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     June 09, 2017 | MANILA, PHILIPPINES Home Top Stories Finance Corporate Economy Nation Stock Market World Arts & Leisure Sports Opinion Infographics Weekender High Life Forum Spark UP Research Video RSS Downloads Breaking News :   Factory output growth eases in April     Exports up 12% in April     Unemployment rate drops in April     Bworldonline.com Weekender Labor Freeport Indonesia fires 3,000 as strike drags on Posted on June 09, 2017 FREEPORT-MCMORAN, Inc.’s unit in Indonesia has fired 3,000 striking workers at the world’s second-biggest copper mine as a stoppage that has lasted for more than five weeks continues to hurt output, according to spokesman Riza Pratama.    RELATED STORIES Unemployment rate drops in April World’s most generous welfare state leaves 20% on the dole in Norway Jobhunter’s paradise in Russia complicates central bank’s work Metro Manila sets wage hike hearings Worker deployments to Qatar suspended -- DoLE The company considers employees that have failed to report for work to have resigned and has asked them to return on five occasions, Pratama told reporters in Jakarta on Wednesday. There are about 30,000 workers at the mine, including 11,000 employees. Shipments of concentrate aren’t affected, though output’s not at an “optimum level,” Pratama said, without elaborating. Eric Kinneberg, a spokesman at Freeport’s head office in Phoenix, said Wednesday the company had no additional comment beyond a statement made on May 25. At that time, Freeport said roughly 4,000 workers, including a limited number of contractors, had not reported to work and had been deemed to have resigned. The strike at Grasberg in Papua that started on May 1 has hurt mining and milling rates, according to the company. The workers are protesting against layoffs and furloughs. The stoppage has hampered a ramp-up of production after the government granted a permit to export concentrate. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has called the challenges at Grasberg the biggest threat to global supply. “Production is not at an optimum level because there are a lot of absentees,” Pratama said. “We’re thinking of how” to replace the workers, he added. Freeport is locked in a protracted dispute with the government over the long-term conditions under which it operates in the country. The government wants the company to switch to a special mining license from a contract of work and divest a majority stake, while the producer is seeking fiscal and legal guarantees to secure its long-term future. The conflict led to a ban on concentrate exports in January, which only resumed in April. Copper for delivery in three months on the London Metal Exchange settled on Wednesday up 0.1% at $5,621 a metric ton. Prices have dropped about 10% from this year’s high in February. -- Bloomberg E-mail | Print |     From / email :     To :     E-mail (required) :     Message :     Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.  BREAKING NEWS Factory output growth eases in April Exports up 12% in April Unemployment rate drops in April ...more    MORE STORIES Freeport Indonesia fires 3,000 as strike drags on World’s most generous welfare state leaves 20% on the dole in Norway Jobhunter’s paradise in Russia complicates central bank’s work In The Workplace -- Rey Elbo: "The illusion of control" Small businesses behind rise of coworking space In The Workplace -- Rey Elbo: "How to handle same-sex office romance" Demand for digital-ready workers grows as BPO’s evolve -- LinkedIn Serious injuries at Tesla auto plant found to be double industry average -- report Making money out of Japan’s labor shortages In The Workplace -- Rey Elbo: "What to do with habitually absent workers"    MOST READ    MOST E-MAILED 1. Megaworld unveils P30-B township in Pampanga 2. PHL tagged among promising FDI sites 3. Profit taking ahead of holiday pulls stocks down 4. Spending data point to robust Q2 growth -- MB 5. PAGCOR mulls sanctions on Resorts World Manila 1. Income tax cut and the politics of envy 2. Asia United Bank gets credit upgrade from PhilRatings 3. DoF insists on original tax reform scheme as gov’t pushes infrastructure 4. Insurance firms likely to sustain double-digit premium growth 5. NIA’s Tarlac dam project could start construction soon © 2017 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation. All rights reserved. Read our privacy guidelines.    Home     About BusinessWorld     Wired     Jobs     Advertise     Subscribe     Contact Us     Site Map    
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 James Comey Cow Slaughter Exam results 2017 News Business News How Popular was caught off guard by Europe's abrupt takeover Shares0 Thu, 8 Jun 2017-08:41pm , Reuters When the 1,644 Spanish branches of Banco Popular opened their doors on Monday morning, the bank's chairman Emilio Saracho still hoped the 91-year-old lender, once the most efficient in Europe, could be saved. The previous Friday, shortly after Popular suffered another selloff on the stock market, he had sent an email to the bank's staff to tell them it was solvent and they should keep working hard to overcome the current situation. "We need to work together and believe in what we do," Saracho wrote. JP Morgan and Lazard, which had been advising Popular since early May on finding a merger partner or raising new capital, had spent the weekend working the phones with other Spanish lenders in a bid to find a last minute solution. And the bank had requested emergency central bank liquidity that it believed meant it had a whole week to review its options and try to draw a line under a deposit flight that had wiped a quarter of its deposits. What Saracho didn't appear to measure was that the fate of Spain's sixth-biggest bank would be sealed in hours, not days or months as in previous European banking meltdowns. The swift manoeuvring by Europe's bank regulators marks a sharp and brutal change in the way they deal with struggling banks, which could become a blueprint for handling other cases, especially in Italy where the rescue of troubled lenders has been under discussion for months. Previous bank rescues in the euro zone have involved protracted negotiations and government bailouts, even after new rules came in following the financial crisis, aimed at preventing taxpayer money being used in bank bailouts. However, the abruptness of the action by the authorities could raise questions about whether regulators and the Spanish government spent enough time exploring other options potentially less painful for shareholders or bondholders. That, in turn, could now pave the way for legal claims to be filed. The ECB, the Spanish government and Popular all declined to comment. TRIGGER On Saturday, the Single Resolution Board (SRB), a regulatory body responsible for dealing with the euro zone's banking crises, met in Brussels to discuss the risks posed by Popular for Spain's and Europe's financial stability. Based on an independent valuation by Spanish boutique investment firm Arcano which showed Popular had a capital shortfall of up to 8 billion euros, the SRB concluded the bank would likely fail to meet its financial obligations. It ordered an immediate fire sale, setting in motion the mechanism to take over the lender. "Saracho was left by the side of the road by the European resolution body," said one source, adding that JP Morgan's last-ditch attempt at the weekend to find a buyer was predicated on an understanding that the SRB would soon move on Popular. The SRB declined to comment. Sources familiar with SRB strategy say the initial objective was to intervene in Popular on Friday, June 9, ahead of the weekend, to give enough time for negotiations. But both the volume of deposit withdrawals on Monday and the determination of European authorities to use their new banking resolution powers would speed things up dramatically. In the early afternoon of Tuesday, Saracho picked up the phone to call Spain's Economy Minister Luis de Guindos and let him know Popular had run out of collateral to obtain new ECB liquidity. Branches might not open on Wednesday morning. "There was a bank run," the ECB's deputy governor Vitor Constancio said on Thursday in response to questions about why the authorities had not spent more time analysing other options to salvage the bank. It was no longer a question of making sure the bank had enough capital to meet its long term obligations, so much as ensuring it had cash on hand to stay open. "It was not a matter of assessing the developments of solvency as such, but the liquidity issue." Within six hours, the SRB had swooped, cancelling the investments of Popular's shareholders and junior bondholders with the stroke of a pen and selling the lender for a solitary euro to Spanish banking goliath Santander. (Additional reporting by Carlos Ruano, Francesco Canepa in Frankfurt, Francesco Guarascio in Brussels and Pamela Barbaglia in London; writing by Julien Toyer; editing by Peter Graff) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Analysis DNA Edit: RBI has opted for a status quo over growth Personal Finance Get the right home cover this monsoon Personal Finance Check MF's track record in bull market Business Dessert as main course, anyone? Business DNA Money Edit: GST-sparked gold rush may continue in long run Business Pepsico starts making Doritos in India to spice up snacks biz Live Cricket Score New Zealand vs Bangladesh Fri, 9 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Related IT layoffs: Opportunities reduced because of slowdown in growth rate, says Infosys co-founder Linde-Praxair deal to stir industrial gases space in India USD/INR should rally towards 64.8 Zee Business What happens with Brexit if there's no clear winner of UK election? RBI's new rules may make India Inc shun masala bonds GST to boost gold industry, demand to touch 950 tonne by 2020, World Gold Council says RBI says 83% currency remonetised but does it really matter? Video WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation View all Tags Europe SRB Spain Brussels Frankfurt Italy Lazard London Luis de Guindos ECB JP Morgan Banco Popular Julien Toyer Peter Graff Vitor Constancio SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Women activists demand action in Unnao gang rape matter Czech PM: Britain should form govt quickly to start Brexit talks Indo-Pak tensions a challenge for SCO: Chinese daily Mob lynches 'drug peddler' at Talwandi Sabo in Punjab PM Modi meets Uzbekistan President, discusses expansion of ties Sports Rugby-Hunt 'shocked' to receive long-awaited Wallabies jersey Tennis-Fitness key to Murray revival, says coach Lendl Rugby-Standing up to Crusaders pack vital ahead of tests - Rowntree Door for basketball in India is open, says NBA star Vince Carter Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, June 9 Entertainment Scoop: Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone to be neighbours soon? Sonam Kapoor's boyfriend Anand Ahuja plans the perfect birthday surprise for her! Jab Harry Met Sejal and Toilet CLASH averted: Why it's a master stroke from Shah Rukh Khan! Jab Harry Met Sejal posters OUT: Shah Rukh Khan - Anushka Sharma celebrate life and love! CBFC chief wants Akshay's 'Toilet: Ek Prem Katha' to be tax-free Business Centrica sells Canadian gas assets for 240 mln stg Salon services app Yes Madam begins operations in Noida Aston Martin calls for investment clarity after inconclusive UK election Guiddoo raises USD 300,000 in pre-series A funding Refined soya oil futures down 0.56% on subdued demand Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video How Popular was caught off guard by Europe's abrupt takeover Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Thu Jun 8, 2017 | 11:13am EDT How Popular was caught off guard by Europe's abrupt takeover A man uses a cash dispenser at a branch of Spain's biggest bank Santander next to a Banco Popular branch on the same day Santander announced that it would buy struggling rival Banco Popular for a nominal one euro after European authorities determined the lender was on the... REUTERS/Juan Medina By Jesús Aguado and Andrés González | MADRID MADRID When the 1,644 Spanish branches of Banco Popular (POP.MC) opened their doors on Monday morning, the bank's chairman Emilio Saracho still hoped the 91-year-old lender, once the most efficient in Europe, could be saved. The previous Friday, shortly after Popular suffered another selloff on the stock market, he had sent an email to the bank's staff to tell them it was solvent and they should keep working hard to overcome the current situation. "We need to work together and believe in what we do," Saracho wrote. JP Morgan and Lazard, which had been advising Popular since early May on finding a merger partner or raising new capital, had spent the weekend working the phones with other Spanish lenders in a bid to find a last minute solution. And the bank had requested emergency central bank liquidity that it believed meant it had a whole week to review its options and try to draw a line under a deposit flight that had wiped a quarter of its deposits. What Saracho didn't appear to measure was that the fate of Spain's sixth-biggest bank would be sealed in hours, not days or months as in previous European banking meltdowns. The swift maneuvering by Europe's bank regulators marks a sharp and brutal change in the way they deal with struggling banks, which could become a blueprint for handling other cases, especially in Italy where the rescue of troubled lenders has been under discussion for months. Previous bank rescues in the euro zone have involved protracted negotiations and government bailouts, even after new rules came in following the financial crisis, aimed at preventing taxpayer money being used in bank bailouts. However, the abruptness of the action by the authorities could raise questions about whether regulators and the Spanish government spent enough time exploring other options potentially less painful for shareholders or bondholders. That, in turn, could now pave the way for legal claims to be filed. The ECB, the Spanish government and Popular all declined to comment. TRIGGER On Saturday, the Single Resolution Board (SRB), a regulatory body responsible for dealing with the euro zone's banking crises, met in Brussels to discuss the risks posed by Popular for Spain's and Europe's financial stability. Based on an independent valuation by Spanish boutique investment firm Arcano which showed Popular had a capital shortfall of up to 8 billion euros, the SRB concluded the bank would likely fail to meet its financial obligations. It ordered an immediate fire sale, setting in motion the mechanism to take over the lender. "Saracho was left by the side of the road by the European resolution body," said one source, adding that JP Morgan's last-ditch attempt at the weekend to find a buyer was predicated on an understanding that the SRB would soon move on Popular. The SRB declined to comment. Sources familiar with SRB strategy say the initial objective was to intervene in Popular on Friday, June 9, ahead of the weekend, to give enough time for negotiations. But both the volume of deposit withdrawals on Monday and the determination of European authorities to use their new banking resolution powers would speed things up dramatically. In the early afternoon of Tuesday, Saracho picked up the phone to call Spain's Economy Minister Luis de Guindos and let him know Popular had run out of collateral to obtain new ECB liquidity. Branches might not open on Wednesday morning. "There was a bank run," the ECB's deputy governor Vitor Constancio said on Thursday in response to questions about why the authorities had not spent more time analyzing other options to salvage the bank. It was no longer a question of making sure the bank had enough capital to meet its long term obligations, so much as ensuring it had cash on hand to stay open. "It was not a matter of assessing the developments of solvency as such, but the liquidity issue." Within six hours, the SRB had swooped, cancelling the investments of Popular's shareholders and junior bondholders with the stroke of a pen and selling the lender for a solitary euro to Spanish banking goliath Santander (SAN.MC). (Additional reporting by Carlos Ruano, Francesco Canepa in Frankfurt, Francesco Guarascio in Brussels and Pamela Barbaglia in London; writing by Julien Toyer; editing by Peter Graff) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Deals Verizon plans to cut 2,000 jobs at Yahoo, AOL: source Verizon Communications Inc is expected to cut about 2,000 jobs when it completes its $4.48 billion acquisition of Yahoo Inc's core assets next week, a person briefed on the matter said. Exclusive: China's WH Group targets beef and poultry assets in U.S. and Europe CHICAGO/HONG KONG Smithfield Foods Inc's owner, China-based WH Group Ltd , is scouting for U.S. and European beef and poultry assets to buy, in a move that would sharpen its rivalry with global meat packers Tyson Foods Inc and JBS SA. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad How Popular was caught off guard by Europe's abrupt takeover By Reuters Published: 11:14 EDT, 8 June 2017 | Updated: 11:14 EDT, 8 June 2017 e-mail By Jesús Aguado and Andrés González MADRID, June 8 (Reuters) - When the 1,644 Spanish branches of Banco Popular opened their doors on Monday morning, the bank's chairman Emilio Saracho still hoped the 91-year-old lender, once the most efficient in Europe, could be saved. The previous Friday, shortly after Popular suffered another selloff on the stock market, he had sent an email to the bank's staff to tell them it was solvent and they should keep working hard to overcome the current situation. "We need to work together and believe in what we do," Saracho wrote. JP Morgan and Lazard, which had been advising Popular since early May on finding a merger partner or raising new capital, had spent the weekend working the phones with other Spanish lenders in a bid to find a last minute solution. And the bank had requested emergency central bank liquidity that it believed meant it had a whole week to review its options and try to draw a line under a deposit flight that had wiped a quarter of its deposits. What Saracho didn't appear to measure was that the fate of Spain's sixth-biggest bank would be sealed in hours, not days or months as in previous European banking meltdowns. The swift manoeuvring by Europe's bank regulators marks a sharp and brutal change in the way they deal with struggling banks, which could become a blueprint for handling other cases, especially in Italy where the rescue of troubled lenders has been under discussion for months. Previous bank rescues in the euro zone have involved protracted negotiations and government bailouts, even after new rules came in following the financial crisis, aimed at preventing taxpayer money being used in bank bailouts. However, the abruptness of the action by the authorities could raise questions about whether regulators and the Spanish government spent enough time exploring other options potentially less painful for shareholders or bondholders. That, in turn, could now pave the way for legal claims to be filed. The ECB, the Spanish government and Popular all declined to comment. TRIGGER On Saturday, the Single Resolution Board (SRB), a regulatory body responsible for dealing with the euro zone's banking crises, met in Brussels to discuss the risks posed by Popular for Spain's and Europe's financial stability. Based on an independent valuation by Spanish boutique investment firm Arcano which showed Popular had a capital shortfall of up to 8 billion euros, the SRB concluded the bank would likely fail to meet its financial obligations. It ordered an immediate fire sale, setting in motion the mechanism to take over the lender. "Saracho was left by the side of the road by the European resolution body," said one source, adding that JP Morgan's last-ditch attempt at the weekend to find a buyer was predicated on an understanding that the SRB would soon move on Popular. The SRB declined to comment. Sources familiar with SRB strategy say the initial objective was to intervene in Popular on Friday, June 9, ahead of the weekend, to give enough time for negotiations. But both the volume of deposit withdrawals on Monday and the determination of European authorities to use their new banking resolution powers would speed things up dramatically. In the early afternoon of Tuesday, Saracho picked up the phone to call Spain's Economy Minister Luis de Guindos and let him know Popular had run out of collateral to obtain new ECB liquidity. Branches might not open on Wednesday morning. "There was a bank run," the ECB's deputy governor Vitor Constancio said on Thursday in response to questions about why the authorities had not spent more time analysing other options to salvage the bank. It was no longer a question of making sure the bank had enough capital to meet its long term obligations, so much as ensuring it had cash on hand to stay open. "It was not a matter of assessing the developments of solvency as such, but the liquidity issue." Within six hours, the SRB had swooped, cancelling the investments of Popular's shareholders and junior bondholders with the stroke of a pen and selling the lender for a solitary euro to Spanish banking goliath Santander. (Additional reporting by Carlos Ruano, Francesco Canepa in Frankfurt, Francesco Guarascio in Brussels and Pamela Barbaglia in London; writing by Julien Toyer; editing by Peter Graff) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Buoy, does she look good! Emily Blunt dons a skimpy hot pink bikini as she leans in for a kiss with husband John Krasinski on a boat in Italy Wild side! Selena Gomez suffers wardrobe malfunction in edgy flank-baring white top while promoting her new song Put her bust on display Jamie Laing can't keep his hands off bikini-clad girlfriend Frankie Gaff as they soak up the sun with Made In Chelsea co-stars at boozy pool party in Ibiza Happily married! Miranda Kerr shows off her stunning wedding ring for the first time as she returns to the runway after marriage to Evan Spiegel Eagle-eyed viewers point out critical flaw in 'awkward' election day scene as Kathy and Jane discuss their election votes on EastEnders Taylor Swift releases entire back catalog of music on multiple streaming services... the same night rival Katy Perry's new album drops She's on fire! Hailey Baldwin flashes major cleavage in flame design bodysuit as she and Jasmine Tookes sizzle while walking the Moschino runway show Front-and-center fashionista! Kate Beckinsale beams at Moschino runway show as she sits alongside Sarah Hyland, Vanessa Hudgens, and Fergie Chip off the old block! Cindy Crawford's model children Kaia and Presley Gerber join fashion's elite at Moschino runway show in Los Angeles Love Island's Jessica Shears caught up in a shocking SEX TAPE scandal... just a week after naked photos of the glamour model emerged online So in love! Ariel Winter dons shimmery thigh-skimming dress as she kisses beau Levi Meaden at LA Dodgers gala Leggy lady  Braless Kendall Jenner flashes her nipples AGAIN in a semi-sheer top and skirt as she arrives in Los Angeles Bold display  Kovered up! Make-up free Kylie Jenner takes a break from her racy costumes as she wears baggy sweats for a smoothie run in LA Au natural  Hard to stomach! Bella Thorne takes shot at making Scott Disick jealous by flaunting her taut tummy in Hollywood Holly Willoughby's weight loss regime revealed... after This Morning star showcased her slimline figure at Glamour Awards The secret's out He's getting big! Heidi Montag shares 3D sonogram of her 'angel' son as she gets closer to her due date Baby love   'I fake-tried to get pregnant': Khloe Kardashian reveals she pretended to do fertility treatments during troubled marriage with Lamar Odom  Hats off to her! Bella Hadid steps out in edgy all-white outfit while rocking personalized red beanie Cream of the crop  I think aisle wear it again! Katie Piper makes an arrival to remember as she takes to the stage at the Ideal Home Show in wedding dress In bed with Sahara! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Ray poses TOPLESS as she reveals her G-string clad posterior in raunchy Instagram snap   'I've got no doubt it will happen': Olly Murs says he's STILL desperate to mend eight-year family rift... after his estranged brother said he'd 'moved on' 'It's not that bad': Amy Schumer dons denim mini-skirt and discusses split with Ben Hanisch at Hilarity for Charity Amicable exes  That's a Lottie drink! Bikini-clad mini-Moss sips from a HUGE pitcher of drink and smokes by the pool as she spends a very boozy day with MIC cast Devoted! Kristen Stewart supports Stella Maxwell backstage as she struts her stuff at Moschino Resort Collection show in LA Perfect pair  Who's bovvered? Ashley Graham pours curves into wet-look black pants and patterned jacket with platform boots at Moschino show in LA Playing with fire! Lily Collins dazzles in elegant red gown as she attends star-studded Okja premiere Red-dy for her close up! Awkward! Nicola Peltz keeps her eyes wide open as boyfriend Anwar Hadid passionately kisses her during shopping trip Golden girl! Mandy Moore sparkles in glittering embroidered frock as she attends Television Academy Honors alongside This Is Us co-stars Queen of the crop! Hailey Baldwin flashes steely abs and incredibly trim waist in cropped Supreme hoodie Ab-fab Soccer mom! Charlize Theron carries a checkered ball while arriving to Jimmy Kimmel EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa displays her toned arms on a food run... after showing off her fab abs ahead of Dan Osborne wedding International love! Britney Spears matches hunky beau Sam Asghari in pink as they enjoy break from world tour in Japan Pink to make him wink  Sam Thompson is joined by bikini-clad Emily Blackwell as they party in Ibiza... after announcing plans to split with Tiffany Watson for the summer Just the girls! Demi Moore stands out in bright red frock as she spends quality time with daughter Tallulah Willis at book launch Hollywood: The Next Generation! Emma Stone channels Star Trek android Data in black and gold gown at Diane Keaton gala Mamma mia! Jason Biggs' pregnant wife Jenny Mollen shares revealing nude selfie at 22 weeks along Thanks Annie Hall! Woody Allen pays homage to muse Diane Keaton as he presents actress with AFI's Lifetime Achievement Award in Hollywood Showing Carmelo what he's missing! La La Anthony vamps it up in fishnet frock at Power premiere in DC Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner put on united front for 8-year-old Seraphina's school graduation Friendly exes  EXCLUSIVE: Emma Willis 'had no idea' the new Big Brother line up included Ex On The Beach stars... as she addresses THAT awkward launch night chat with Lotan Carter Suits you! Brad Pitt cuts a dapper figure in gray blazer and trousers for NYC premiere of Netflix film Okja Suited and booted  New mom Irina Shayk shows off her flawless complexion as she goes make-up free for a day out in NYC Model moment  Reese Witherspoon dazzles in LBD as she honors Diane Keaton at lifetime achievement ceremony Chic and cheerful  Youthful Meg Ryan, 55, stuns in flirty pastel dress and metallic heels at AFI tribute to Diane Keaton Ageless beauty Rachel Weisz looks effortlessly stylish in a plunging ivory gown as she makes glamorous appearance on the Graham Norton Show Graced the red couch Name that tomb! The Mummy co-stars Tom Cruise and Annabelle Wallis dance up a storm on Spanish TV show... after critics PAN their film Elsa Pataky gives fans a sneak peek into the home she shares with Chris Hemsworth as she shows how she packs a suitcase... and it's not as organised as you would think! Isla Fisher pampers herself at LA hair salon... ahead of her appearance on ABC's The Gong Show Radiant redhead 'I do deserve it': Bethenny Frankel mulls $16.5 million townhouse on Million Dollar Listing New York Big Brother's Hannah almost comes to blows with Chanelle when the bubbly brunette throws a SLIPPER at her... as half the house is put up for eviction 'That's put me off my sausage sandwich!': Big Brother's Arthur Fullford shocks his fellow housemates by going full-frontal NAKED in the shower Zahida Allen and beau Sean Pratt have a blazing row on hotel balcony in Ibiza... as he admits he finds it hard to 'cut her off' despite cheating with Scotty T Luisa Zissman delightedly announces she is expecting her third child in sweet Instagram post... just 10 MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Indigo   Cheesy comedy! Anna Faris delivers pizzas on set of Overboard as her glamorous costar Eva Longoria shields herself from the rain in Vancouver 'He's a stuntman in training': Owen Wilson shares video of Jackie Chan fan son Ford leaping head first into pool   Chip off the old block. All grown up! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber graduates high school and celebrates with a big hug from sister Kaia Beauty and brains  Coy Nicole Kidman giggles like a schoolgirl when asked what husband Keith Urban whispered in her ear in THAT Cannes red carpet moment No need for Privacy? Chris Brown covers huge wall on LA house with colorful graffiti artwork Artistic  Take That the musical takes £10m! Show breaks record three months before nationwide tour starts  Rule The World. EXCLUSIVE: Love Island's Caroline Flack looks sensational as she poses in an array of form-fitting ensembles for new fashion magazine shoot Love Island's Chloe shares a steamy late-night kiss with womaniser Chris... after the newcomer tries it on with TWO other girls in one day Ibiza Weekender star Hayley Fanshaw sizzles in TINY scarlet swimsuit in Magaluf... after she was 'left raging when BFF Ellie Young ditched her for Big Brother Vicky Pattison puts on an eye-popping as she slips into tiny coral bikini while holding hands with shirtless beau John Noble on Magaluf beach Pretty in pink  Tom Hughes as Ireland's most gorgeous rat-catcher? The award for 2017's Most Ridiculous Thriller should go to Paula, by JIM SHELLEY Love-all! Lindsey Vonn and her beau Kenan Smith cuddle up at the French Tennis Open in Paris  Cute couple  Rebel Wilson defamation case twist: Hollywood actress now being SUED by a journalist she 'blasted on Twitter as total scum and a disgrace' A VERY special guest! Steve Irwin's son Robert, 13, helps Jimmy Fallon bottle-feed cute kangaroo joey on The Tonight Show Adorable  'We wish her a speedy recovery': Sheridan Smith withdraws from Bradford leg of touring musical Funny Girl after being struck down with mumps  Amanda Holden confirms teen who appeared in BGT's Missing People Choir appeal has been found... and admits to 'crying' upon learning the news No one is looking at the jewelry! Topless Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her chest while modeling new bling from Jacquie Aiche Brazilian bombshell Liam Payne puts on an animated display as he meets fans... after confessing he gets a full seven hours of sleep a night since welcoming baby Bear with Cheryl The girl who stole Captain America's heart: Actor Chris Evans on the bond with ten-year-old actress who plays his niece in new movie Gifted Leslie Ash cuts a low-key figure in rock chic ensemble as she makes rare public appearance with husband Lee Chapman at Ibiza Rocks bash Are The Killers set to play at the AFL Grand Final this year? Rock band rumoured to be returning to Australia after four-year hiatus for footy extravaganza SPOILER ALERT! 'It's an open game': Love Island's Amber moves onto man number THREE as suitors Kem and newbie Jonny vy for her affection Caroline Flack whips off her bikini top for a topless sunbathing session as she enjoys break from filming new series of Love Island in Mallorca 'She was chucking his clothes out': Jeremy McConnell escapes to Ireland after BLAZING row with on-off love Stephanie Davis Off again Hand in hand! Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell put on loving display as they take a casual stroll in LA Reportedly dating for five months Kady McDermott shows off her physique on Ibiza hen do... after BLASTING claims Love Island newbie is nabbing her 'pocket rocket' status Braless Ellie Goulding's fans label her 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade them to be politically engaged Controversial image  Diamonds are forever! Lily James exudes Old Hollywood glamour in a figure-hugging Bardot gown as she poses elegantly at jewellery opening Vogue Williams shows off her tanned legs in a flirty floral dress as she attends jewellery launch in London The Irish model plumped for a flirty frock It's Shoe Grant! British actor Hugh participates in an Australian drinking tradition as he downs alcohol from his footwear during a wild night out What a trailblazer! David Beckham looks incredibly dapper in a pinstripe navy suit as he makes a slick exit from The Late Late Show with James Corden Dynasty living! Joan Collins lists 'Hollywood glamour' condo for a cool $4.5million Isn't messing around with the price of her lavish home TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off every inch of her stunning frame in pink bikini as she joins buff beau James Lock on Marbella trip   'He's sweet talking her': Gaz Beadle is 'fighting to win back ex girlfriend Emma McVey as he gets bored of single life'... after she blasted him for cheating Bikini-clad Billie Faiers flaunts her taut post-baby frame as she snuggles with son Arthur in adorable selfie... three months after welcoming his birth SPOILER ALERT: Big Brother's Rebecca and Sukhvinder come to blows in a heated race row... as Kayleigh and Tom enjoy a VERY steamy shower WAG Toni Terry shows off her toned bikini body as she enjoys a spot of beach volleyball in Portugal with shirtless husband John  Fun in the sun Revealed: Taylor Swift and Beyonce BOTH  burst into tears backstage after Kanye West's infamous MTV VMA stage invasion Upsetting times  Leo, look at what you're missing! Nina Agdal looks stunning as she poses in a wedding dress for bridal ad campaign, weeks after splitting from DiCaprio The name's balls... Goldenballs! David Beckham emulates James Bond in forthcoming appearance on The Late Late Show with James Corden What a match! Christine Lampard and husband Frank sport complementing laidback looks as they enjoy a dog walk in London   Perfect pair  Boho babe Nikki Reed shows off growing baby bump in style while enjoying lunch with husband Ian Somerhalder Maternity style What a drag! Sofia Richie, 18, keeps it casual cool in pink checked coat while puffing cigarette on New York stroll Stepping out 'I thought you were blacking up to make me feel welcome!' Actor Don Gilet stuns Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby with controversial remark  Emily MacDonagh scolds Peter Andre in an innuendo-filled chat about vegetables... as couple present romantic sun-soaked segment from Santorini 'She is literally a Barbie!' Lucy Mecklenburgh's fans go wild as star shares sizzling photo of her little sister in a skimpy pink bikini Avert your eyes! Lizzie Cundy flashes her white lingerie in VERY revealing sheer gold dress as she attends charity bash in London Up to her old tricks again Smiling Louise Redknapp steps out in an all-black ensemble as she continues to insist her marriage with Jamie is 'great' following false claims of a rift 'He couldn't understand I didn't want to have sex with him': Janet Street-Porter, 70, was assaulted by a friend when she was in her twenties 'I love you so much': Kim Kardashian wishes husband Kanye West a happy 40th birthday as mother-in-law Kris Jenner calls him a 'beautiful soul' Family first Pretty in pink! Camila Cabello shows off flirty side in bright fuchsia crop top while promoting new single in NYC Looked gorgeous on Thursday morning  High five! Jennifer Lopez cheers on beau A-Rod's daughter Tashi, 12, as she sings for the pop star in sweet Instagram video Hit a high five Hot heiress! Paris Hilton dons leather pants and matching choker as she jets from LAX with beau Chris Zylka Smitten Michael Caine's $8.7million luxury apartment in Miami goes up for sale equipped with four bedrooms, media room and stunning beach views  EXCLUSIVE: Jessica Alba's Honest Company agrees to pay $1.55 million class action settlement after claims of 'dishonest' advertising Mary J Blige ordered to pay ex Martin Isaacs $30k per month in spousal support... $100k less than he wanted Will also have to pay retroactive support  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her baby bump in a teal two-piece as she posts throwback snap from her Thailand baby-moon  Yummy mummy-to-be Vanessa White shows off her curves in skimpy yellow snakeskin bikini as she frolics in the water in Ibiza... just two months after split from Gary Salter Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson shows off her cleavage in a white bikini top and a bohemian maxiskirt as she steps out in Mykonos 'You consistently lie... toxic!': Ariel Winter slams estranged mother Chrystal Workman who told her to 'grow up, dress properly' Took to Twitter 'I don't have a boyfriend... or any kids yet': Katy Perry says her puppy has become her closest 'companion' as she is interviewed by a seven-year-old Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Needed stitches for a severe gash on his head 'You're a vile disgrace to women and all mankind': Courtney Love attacks Palestinian women's rights activist in Twitter tirade calling her 'anti-American'  'We laughed about it!' Jerry Seinfeld says Kesha was nice after THAT awkward interaction... but he still didn't hug her Awkward  'Thinking of our angels': Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack 'I'm no pushover!' Katy Perry accuses Taylor Swift of 'character assassination' after writing hit single Bad Blood about their bitter feud Blondes unite! Kristen Stewart, Chelsea Handler and January Jones make a glamorous stand against gun violence at gala 'It's the greatest challenge of her life': Kris Jenner asks followers to pray for cancer-stricken cousin Cici Bussey ahead of stem cell transplant 'It's hard being over 25': Reese Witherspoon feels 'liberated' in her forties as she continues to fight for female importance and diversity in Hollywood  She's irresistible! Joanna Krupa dazzles in tiny low-cut LBD at dinner in LA... and beau Nico Santucci can't keep his lips off her Beautiful in black 'They're going to be doctors and lawyers': Nicole 'Snooki' Polizzi won't rule out Jersey Shore reboot... but says her kids won't be on TV Up for a return Making a splash! Pascal Craymer shows off her toned bikini body in a white fringed two-piece as she frolics on the beach in Marbella From Brentwood to Hollywood! Jessica Wright teases a glimpse of her flat stomach in a crop top and pineapple print skirt as she continues LA getaway Is that you A$AP? Bikini clad Kendall Jenner soaks up the sunshine poolside as she beams at her camera-shy mystery man  'The moment you realise you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as her hairdresser pal Ken Paves shows his moves The baby is here! Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte says he 'can't stop crying' after fiancée Kayla Rae Reid welcomes son Caiden Zane 'They are tramps': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson is slammed for shattering glass door in rage... before licking her COUSIN Sophie's bare chest in shock scenes Eleanor Tomlinson looks sensational as she steps out in a frilly Victorian-style top with skinny jeans... after teasing new season of Poldark at event Eleanor Tomlinson is chic in peplum-detail white shirt and smart trousers as she teases new series of Poldark at Build LDN event Magical in monochrome Michelle Williams is '70s chic in a sleeveless two-piece and brunette locks as she continues to shoot kidnap drama with Mark Wahlberg in Rome The look that says she's single! Olivia Munn wears leather mini-skirt with sexy split... two months after Aaron Rodgers breakup Looking good 'Never trust a big butt': Blac Chyna leaves curious message along with sultry snaps after Mehgan James is linked to Rob Kardashian Something to say?  Easy does it! Salma Hayek has help from a gentleman as she tries to navigate a NYC sidewalk in her $1,690 Gucci platform heels Steady on 'I just spat out my coffee!' Viewers' shock as Trinny Woodall blurts out that she 'wants to be black' while admiring a model's 'marble skin' on This Morning (before stroking her BREAST) Romee Strijd channels Britney Spears as she rocks crop top and messenger hat during cosy outing with boyfriend Laurens van Leeuwen 'A messy and muddled product': The Mummy panned in early reviews... with one critic calling it 'the worst movie Tom Cruise has ever made' Nicole Kidman and Russell Crowe are being courted for Joel Edgerton's new gay conversion therapy drama Boy Erased Possible roles Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows off her baby bump in Spain with her husband and their child Alaia... after F1 ace announced retirement to enjoy more family time Brazilian bombshell Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her sensational bronzed physique in a thigh-skimming blue floral playsuit in Ibiza Looking good Cheeky Lottie Moss flashes her peachy posterior in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a wild night out in Ibiza with the Made in Chelsea cast Celebrity fit club! Make-up free Nicola Roberts and famous pal Lisa Snowdon showcase their lithe physiques in gym gear as they hike at Ibiza bootcamp 'Brains, beauty, booty!' Love Island star Katie Salmon shows off blonde braids and peachy posterior in slogan thong swimsuit in Ibiza 'I got used to nos and knockbacks': Pixie Lott says she'll bring her experience of finding fame to The Voice Kids as she wows in tiny crop top on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: Larsa Pippen is being bankrolled by Kourtney Kardashian after her NBA star husband Scottie cut her off amid $120 million divorce Vanessa Hudgens flashes Britney Spears-style diamond belly piercing with help of Adidas crop top as she carries two coffee drinks Slam dunk! Kris Humphries sells Beverly Hills bachelor pad for $8.25M The 32-year-old NBA center has unloaded his California property 'It was daunting': Cindy Crawford says turning 50 'was really hard' as she shows off model physique in white swimsuit for DuJour Bit of all white 'Wearing the same Gucci suit I wore to his christening': Elle Macpherson looks proud at her 14-year-old son Aurelius Cy Busson's middle school graduation Hugh Jackman braves sub-zero temperatures for cryotherapy treatment after a host of stars promote the health trend Alex Rodriguez 'never cheated on J. Lo and former mistress's claims of her wild sex romps with the slugger in hopes of getting money' Coming out swinging! Jay Z's streaming service Tidal to offer boxing movie starring TWO Oscar winners Offering an original movie Camera ready! Kate Upton is fresh-faced as she heads to photo shoot in striped pants and tank top Looked flawless on Wednesday Mamma mia! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen keep casual in jeans and sneakers on the set of Little Italy Katy Perry to co-host Sunrise but will NOT appear on its rival show... despite being scheduled to perform on Channel Nine's The Voice Australia Stunning in scarlet! Princess Mary goes VERY glam in bright red stilettos and a Dolce & Gabbana dress after a whirlwind week of conference talks Late night? Hugh Grant, 56, stifles a yawn as he joins his girlfriend Anna Eberstein, 35, to watch the tennis at Roland Garros in Paris It's a hard life... One direction and it's down under! Harry Styles announces new dates for an intimate Australian arena tour ...but tickets are likely to sell out in minutes Stopping to smell the roses! Alec and Hilaria Baldwin enjoy morning stroll together The couple stepped out to smell the flowers and pick up their coffee On the town! Sober Brad Pitt is seen leaving LA concert with energy drink in hand after admitting he 'was boozing too much' Total abstinence  RHONY star Jules Wainstein's estranged husband facing jail time after failing to pay child support and expenses Ordered to appear in court Red hot! Minka Kelly looks ready for summer in bright patterned sundress while out for coffee in LA without rumored beau Jesse Williams 'Taking rest in the jungle': Kate Hudson shares a selfie from Cambodia as she explores country with boyfriend Danny Fujikawa PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Rhian Sugden slips her sizzling curves into a black bikini as she enjoys a smooch with fiance Oliver Mellor in sunny Turkey Cat Deeley looks effortlessly chic in a silk polka dot blouse and skinny jeans as she steps out in style in New York City Simple yet sophisticated The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison shows off her taut abs as she gets VERY hands-on with beau John Noble while hosting raucous Magaluf pool party 'Fat feminist lesbian' Beth Ditto slams critics who say models like Ashley Graham aren't 'fat enough', insisting people need to 'quit being mean' Pop Idol star Darius and the Funny Girl cast enjoy boozy night in Glasgow... but co-star party girl Sheridan Smith is nowhere to be seen 'I don't know who's in control': Naomi Watts shares girl-on-girl kiss as she lives double life in steamy trailer for new series Gypsy She plays a therapist  'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals the rage she felt after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes Naked shoulders! Lea Michele flashes one of her 14 tattoos as she displays cleavage in clever black top at TV event in Canada Fetching black outfit Jessica Alba and husband Cash Warren celebrate daughter Honor's birthday...as Honest Company agrees to pay $1.5M in lawsuit Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung trousers as she arrives in style at LAX airport Looking good  Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class Ab-fab 'Cute little Kady has WAY more class!' Love Island's McDermott lashes out at claims 'lookalike' newbie Amber has stolen her 'pocket rocket' crown Irish plus-size model shares the VERY revealing outtakes from her stunning shoot featured in Vogue Italia as she calls on women to 'love their cellulite' Make-up free Chloe Khan flashes her ample assets in a barely-there bikini as she whizzes through the waves on a jet ski in Barbados Beach babe  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins 'She is a delusional individual': Marnie Simpson hits back at Stephanie Davis as she's accused of faking her Celebrity Big Brother romance with Lewis Bloor Wine-ding down! Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas flaunts her enviable curves in skimpy two-piece while sipping on rosé during relaxing break in Mallorca Worse-for-wear Holly Hagan flashes her lingerie under sheer gown as she puffs on cigarette... before intentionally MISSING flight home for partying Kristina Rihanoff stuns in a royal-blue gown as she cosies up to boyfriend Ben Cohen at charity ball... after revealing her dream wedding plans Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty 'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Arise Sir Veg-alot! Camilla knights a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins acting great in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit 'Sex is one of the most wonderful things in life!' Lorraine Kelly and Niall Horan flirt up a storm as One Direction singer admits his solo material is 'very sexual' 'Many more dates to be added': Lorde announces Melodrama world tour shows in Australia and New Zealand ahead of album release 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary Poignant  'You're acting like the f**king queen!' Big Brother's Kayleigh and Sukhvinder SCREAM at one another over a hairbrush and have to be separated Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Amy Childs shows her post-baby body in stylish blouse and skintight denims as she celebrates 27th birthday with newborn daughter Polly and mother Julie Belle of the ballroom: Ola Jordan dazzles in a plunging gown as she enjoys a romantic night out with husband James at charity gala  Dancing queen  Anwar Hadid, 17, and girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cosy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Lovebirds  Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) Lavish  'Twice the blessing, twice the fun': The Bachelor's Vienna Girardi says she's expecting twins Took to Instagram on Thursday  'She's a blessing!' Heavily pregnant Laura Prepon reveals she and fiance Ben Foster are expecting a baby girl on Live With Kelly And Ryan Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit during Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in unfortunate wardrobe malfunction 'I ate cake for five months!' Mel Giedroyc is GLAD she's left Bake Off for her waistline... and admits Noel Fielding 'kept it very quiet' he was replacing her Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in LA Two of a kind  'We're just here for funsies!': Mike Myers is unrecognizable in first trailer for revived The Gong Show 'This summer, a legend returns'  Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead  Couple goals! Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut dapper figures at New York event after celebrating 21 years of marriage No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Fleeting trip  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
