24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States The Big Dividend-Paying Banks Have Been Mauled: 4 to Buy Now By Lee Jackson March 29, 2017 10:00 am EDT Print Email Tweet There’s an old saying on Wall Street and it still rings true today: “Stocks go up like an escalator, and down like an elevator.” Boy has that ever been the case for the top banks. While the Trump rally lifted them fast, they had been rising prior, and momentum players started getting involved, so when the sector turned down, it was a nosedive. The Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE: XLF) dropped a stunning 10% this month in three short weeks. So where do they go now? Given that consumer confidence is the highest in 16 years and the Federal Reserve will continue to raise interest rates, the outlook for the sector seems positive. We screened the Merrill Lynch research database for bank stocks rated Buy that pay a solid dividend. We found four that look attractive now. Citigroup This top bank is trading at the same level it was in the summer of 2015. Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C) has approximately 200 million customer accounts and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. It provides consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit, corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services and wealth management. Trading at a very cheap 10.7 times estimated 2016 earnings, this stock looks very reasonable in what is becoming a pricey stock market. A continuing stock buyback program at the bank is a positive. The company’s institutional clients group appeared to be holding its ground last quarter, and while guidance when they released the quarter in January was conservative and somewhat disappointing, the stock still appears cheap at this level. Citigroup investors receive a 1.08% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target for the stock is $64. The Wall Street consensus price objective is $64.11. Shares closed Tuesday at $59.42. [nativounit] JPMorgan This stock trades at a reasonable 13.4 times estimated 2017 forward earnings and could respond good in a rising rate scenario. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is one of the leading global financial services firms, and one of the largest banking institutions in the United States, with about $2.5 trillion in assets. The company as it is today formed through the merger of retail bank Chase Manhattan and investment bank JPMorgan. The firm has many operating divisions, including investment and corporate banking, asset management, retail financial services, commercial banking, credit cards and financial transaction services. The company reported strong fourth-quarter results, and the Merrill Lynch feels that the company will continue to be able to take advantage of revenue opportunities while staying on a path of improved efficiency. Shareholders receive a 2.26% dividend. Merrill Lynch has a $98 price objective, and the consensus target price is $90.78. The shares closed Tuesday at $88.60. PNC Financial Services This top regional bank was down almost 10% in March but has started to rebound. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. (NYSE: PNC) is one of the country’s largest diversified financial services organizations. It provides retail and business banking; residential mortgage banking; specialized services for corporations and government entities, including corporate banking, real estate finance and asset-based lending; and wealth management and asset management. With consistent earnings growth and a very positive and growing loan portfolio, the company is a premiere super-regional bank stock to own. Wall Street analysts point to numerous positives, including the bank implementing huge cost savings plans. The bank is working on up to $100 million of new savings announced last year, and it is also applauded for outstanding credit/risk management and the limited exposure to the capital markets related areas, while focusing on traditional banking. The stock is on Merrill Lynch’s US 1 list, which represents the company’s highest conviction stock ideas. Shareholders receive a 1.85% dividend. The $132 Merrill Lynch price target compares with the consensus target of $127.81. Shares closed Tuesday at $120.23. Wells Fargo This large cap bank is another stock for investors to look at now for safety, dividends and solid upside potential. Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC) is a nationwide, diversified, community-based financial services company with $1.8 trillion in assets. The company provides banking, insurance, investments, mortgage and consumer and commercial finance through 8,700 locations, 12,800 ATMs, the Internet and mobile banking. It also has offices in 36 countries to support customers who conduct business in the global economy. Wells Fargo serves one in three households in the United States. Wells Fargo has slowly, but surely, become one of the biggest mortgage lending companies in the United States, in addition to its normal banking and brokerage businesses. A continued increase in commercial real estate lending could really boost the bank’s bottom line and overall revenue. The stock also remains a top Warren Buffett holding, and he raised his holdings in the bank to 10% on the stock’s weakness last year. With the headline risk from the bank’s very bad account scandal pretty much in the rear-view mirror, investors are once again focusing on the core strengths as continued interest rate increases are a big positive. Shareholders receive a 2.71% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target is a whopping $65. The consensus target is $58.48, and shares closed on Tuesday at $55.96. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   While the big drops appear to be over, with earnings reporting right around the corner, investors may want to buy partial positions and see how the banks report first-quarter numbers. By Lee Jackson « Android to Overtake Apple iOS in App Sales This Year Tuesday’s Top Biopharma Movers » Read more: Banking & Finance, Dividends and Buybacks, featured, Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), PNC Financial Services (NYSE:PNC), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning Retailers Closing the Most Stores 9 Countries That Control the World's Nuclear Weapons The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The Richest Town in Every State Recent The 5 Worst Performing Dow Stocks in Q1 The 5 Best Performing DJIA Stocks for Q1 The 5 Worst Performing S&P 500 Stocks in Q1 Huge Retail Trade Highlights Slowing Insider Selling: Costco, Pool, Ulta Beauty, Isle of Capri, Vector Group and More Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple Makes a Smart Move to Expand in This Huge Market The 3 States With the Least Active Housing Markets May Surprise You Can NVIDIA Take the Lead in This Potentially Huge Market? North Carolina to face Gonzaga in NCAA men's basketball championship Monday night Rare 1804 silver dollar fetches nearly $3.3M in record-breaking coin collection auction: AP Ford recalls 53,000 2017 F-250 trucks because they can roll even when parked: AP New Breakout Stocks Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Can Raymond James Financial (RJF) Stock Continue to Grow Earnings? Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for March 31st Ford recalls F-250 pickups that could roll while in park Beyond jobs, car sales to give insight on consumer health German prosecutors expect rulings in VW scandal this year: report Apple Makes a Smart Move to Expand in This Huge Market The 3 States With the Least Active Housing Markets May Surprise You Can NVIDIA Take the Lead in This Potentially Huge Market? Billionaire Mark Cuban: Trump Too Clueless To Collude With The Russians Ivanka Trump Keeping Stake In D.C. Hotel Despite White House Role, Filings Show Japan Returns With 333 Minke Whale Carcasses After 'Scientific Expedition' Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Emerging Markets EM Debt Lures Income Hunters Income hunters overcame postelection worries to become big buyers. Returns as high as 7% were possible. By Dimitra DeFotis Biography April 1, 2017 Emerging Markets The opening quarter of 2017 was a pleasant surprise to emerging-market bond investors. Following a late 2016 nosedive after Donald Trump’s election, dollar-denominated emerging-market debt provided a total return of about... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Under Armour Stock Is Ready to Rebound Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Dear T-Mobile: You’re Not That Funny Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 8 Energy Picks That Can Rise Even With Cheap Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Dr. Doom’s Diagnosis Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 2 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 3 Why You Should Get Life Insurance Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments City to drop credit card processing fees for paying parking tickets online CWD Calder Plaza redesign47 Grand Rapids City Hall and the Kent County administration building in the background, as seen Friday, Oct. 7, 2016. (File photo | MLive.com) Print Email Amy Biolchini | amy_biolchini@mlive.com By Amy Biolchini | amy_biolchini@mlive.com The Grand Rapids Press on April 01, 2017 at 11:05 AM, updated April 01, 2017 at 11:06 AM comments GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- City officials will soon be dropping processing fees for online credit card payments for certain bills and parking tickets. As Grand Rapids redesigns its website this year to be more transparent and user-friendly, it will be switching from using JP Morgan Chase to PayIt LLC to administer online bill payments. The PayIt function will allow users to pay bills online or from their smartphones -- and will consolidate all of the various bills people may have to pay into one payment system. The City Commission agreed to spend up to $825,000 on a one-year contract with PayIt, according to city documents. Treasurer John Globensky said the city will be spending $375,000 more to use the PayIt system than it would have spent, had it stayed with JP Morgan Chase. In 2016, $16.7 million in online credit card payments were made to the city for bills including water, refuse and parking tickets, among others. As the system exists now, customers don't have to pay a credit card fee when they pay their water bill online. But for parking tickets, trash bills, sidewalk repairs, fire department services and code enforcement violations, the city has a fee schedule for credit card payments that ranges from $1 for sums under $40 to $122 for sums under $5,000. City of Grand Rapids online payment services When the new PayIt portal launches, people won't have to pay a transaction fee for credit card payments for those public service bills like trash and for parking tickets. The city has chosen to pay the cost of that transaction fee itself in order to promote the use of the system, as the city looks to move more of its services online, Globensky said. He's budgeting for a 20 percent increase in online bill payment in 2017. Last year, the city processed 265,000 physical checks and had 70,000 customers pay bills in person -- numbers the city wants to reduce by 20 percent. However, the city will be continuing to charge people transaction fees for using a credit card to pay property and income taxes online. Globensky said he wasn't interested in paying into someone's airline miles on their Capital One or other branded credit card for the larger scale tax payments. Those that pay their property and income taxes online with direct transfers from their bank accounts won't be charged processing fees. Grand Rapids spending $625K to make city website user-friendly Countdown to Tigers' opener April 3 Moya clears waivers, as Tigers' 25-man roster is set (probably) Zimmermann, feeling healthy, unworried by spring numbers JaCoby Jones named center fielder, but he'll share job Mud Hens set roster: See who's next up for Detroit Complete coverage » Michigan's Best What say you? Vote for Michigan's Best sub sandwich The best of the best of Michigan's Best Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc (LTRPA) Shares Sold by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Volkswagen AG (VLKAY) Receives $36.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Tullow Oil Plc (TUWOY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Cheniere Energy, Inc. (LNG) Receives $49.71 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Acquires New Stake in Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (ABG) Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Takes Position in Sealed Air Corp (SEE) 5,000 Shares in Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Acquired by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Perigon Wealth Management LLC Acquires Shares of 9,269 Rexnord Corp (RXN) Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Stake Held by Perigon Wealth Management LLC Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 40,443 Shares of Intuit Inc. (INTU) Anthem Inc (ANTM) Stake Reduced by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Lowers Position in Phillips 66 (PSX) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $125,818,000 Stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Invests $3,044,000 in Lennar Co. (LEN) Bank of America Corp (BAC) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Analysts Set Stillwater Mining Company (SWC) Price Target at $18.33 Ford Motor Company (F) Position Maintained by Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Invests $1,225,000 in Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. Acquires Shares of 80 Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc (LTRPA) Shares Sold by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP April 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hudson Bay Capital Management LP reduced its stake in Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:LTRPA) by 98.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 10,709 shares of the company’s stock after selling 618,281 shares during the period. Hudson Bay Capital Management LP’s holdings in Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings were worth $161,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of LTRPA. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings by 0.6% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 38,536 shares of the company’s stock valued at $842,000 after buying an additional 222 shares in the last quarter. Markston International LLC raised its stake in shares of Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings by 0.7% in the third quarter. Markston International LLC now owns 52,697 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,151,000 after buying an additional 341 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in shares of Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings by 5.1% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 47,076 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,029,000 after buying an additional 2,303 shares during the last quarter. Sei Investments Co. raised its stake in shares of Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings by 38.3% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 621,932 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,590,000 after buying an additional 172,215 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings by 16.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 690,148 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,079,000 after buying an additional 96,824 shares during the last quarter. 94.45% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:LTRPA) opened at 14.10 on Friday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $14.38 and a 200 day moving average price of $17.52. The company has a market capitalization of $1.06 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 50.36 and a beta of 2.67. Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc has a 52 week low of $12.98 and a 52 week high of $24.64. WARNING: “Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc (LTRPA) Shares Sold by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/01/liberty-tripadvisor-holdings-inc-ltrpa-shares-sold-by-hudson-bay-capital-management-lp.html. Separately, Miller Tabak began coverage on Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. They issued a “hold” rating on the stock. In related news, insider Richard N. Baer sold 9,301 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.53, for a total transaction of $172,347.53. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 19,544 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $362,150.32. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Richard N. Baer sold 19,544 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.45, for a total value of $360,586.80. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 19,544 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $360,586.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.49% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Company Profile Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc is a holding company. Through its interests in subsidiaries and other companies, the Company is primarily engaged in the online travel research and online commerce industries. The Company’s subsidiaries include TripAdvisor, Inc (TripAdvisor), which owns and operates a portfolio of online travel brands, and BuySeasons, Inc, which owns and operates BuyCostumes.com and the Celebrate Express (BuySeasons) family of Websites. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LTRPA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:LTRPA). Receive News & Ratings for Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Capital One Financial Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Perigon Wealth Management LLC Acquires Shares of 9,269 Rexnord Corp (RXN) Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Stake Held by Perigon Wealth Management LLC Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 40,443 Shares of Intuit Inc. (INTU) Anthem Inc (ANTM) Stake Reduced by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Lowers Position in Phillips 66 (PSX) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $125,818,000 Stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Invests $3,044,000 in Lennar Co. (LEN) Bank of America Corp (BAC) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Analysts Set Stillwater Mining Company (SWC) Price Target at $18.33 Ford Motor Company (F) Position Maintained by Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Brookfield Asset Management Inc. Invests $1,225,000 in Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. Acquires Shares of 80 Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. Purchases New Stake in China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (CHU) Migdal Insurance & Financial Holdings Ltd. Takes Position in PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) Wealthfront Inc. Has $1,612,000 Stake in Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Wealthfront Inc. Sells 19,774 Shares of Medtronic plc. (MDT) RMB Capital Management LLC Buys 1,335 Shares of Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Stake Raised by RMB Capital Management LLC RMB Capital Management LLC Has $1,875,000 Stake in Atlantic Power Corp (AT) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $125,818,000 Stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) April 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. lowered its stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) by 6.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 1,442,218 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 99,053 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. owned approximately 0.30% of Capital One Financial Corp. worth $125,818,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Dodge & Cox acquired a new position in Capital One Financial Corp. during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,944,247,000. FMR LLC boosted its position in Capital One Financial Corp. by 22.2% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 29,667,288 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,588,175,000 after buying an additional 5,394,359 shares in the last quarter. Capital World Investors boosted its position in Capital One Financial Corp. by 27.5% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 27,456,008 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,972,165,000 after buying an additional 5,914,808 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in Capital One Financial Corp. by 4.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 21,706,949 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,893,717,000 after buying an additional 952,537 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Capital One Financial Corp. by 34.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,546,669 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,260,376,000 after buying an additional 4,511,539 shares in the last quarter. 88.38% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) opened at 86.66 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $89.83 and its 200 day moving average price is $83.37. Capital One Financial Corp. has a 1-year low of $58.03 and a 1-year high of $96.92. The stock has a market capitalization of $41.61 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.57 and a beta of 1.24. Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The financial services provider reported $1.45 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.61 by $0.16. The business had revenue of $6.57 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.66 billion. Capital One Financial Corp. had a net margin of 13.63% and a return on equity of 8.06%. The firm’s revenue was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.58 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Capital One Financial Corp. will post $7.90 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $125,818,000 Stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/01/ubs-asset-management-americas-inc-has-125818000-stake-in-capital-one-financial-corp-cof.html. COF has been the subject of several analyst reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised Capital One Financial Corp. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $106.00 to $110.00 in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Rafferty Capital Markets raised Capital One Financial Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $109.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Nomura raised Capital One Financial Corp. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from $97.00 to $105.00 in a research report on Wednesday. DA Davidson reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Capital One Financial Corp. in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus cut Capital One Financial Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $87.89. In related news, CEO Richard D. Fairbank sold 600,000 shares of Capital One Financial Corp. stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $89.12, for a total value of $53,472,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Christopher T. Newkirk sold 5,238 shares of Capital One Financial Corp. stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $90.46, for a total value of $473,829.48. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 26,364 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,384,887.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 833,201 shares of company stock valued at $74,349,136 over the last 90 days. Insiders own 1.94% of the company’s stock. About Capital One Financial Corp. Capital One Financial Corporation is a diversified financial services holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients through branches, the Internet and other distribution channels. The Company’s segments include Credit Card, Consumer Banking, Commercial Banking and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding COF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF). Receive News & Ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Trustmark Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trustmark Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Norges Bank Acquires Shares of 2,332,400 ACCO Brands Co. (ACCO) 26,038 Shares in Autoliv Inc. (ALV) Acquired by Quadrature Capital Ltd Norges Bank Buys Shares of 849,040 Trustmark Corp (TRMK) Analysts Set Enel S.p.A. (ENEL) PT at $4.72 Brokerages Set Sienna Senior Living Inc (SIA) Target Price at $18.59 Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc (SBGI) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $478,000 Position in EnPro Industries, Inc. (NPO) United Capital Financial Advisers LLC Raises Position in Starbucks Co. (SBUX) DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main Invests $25,112,000 in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Decreases Position in Insperity Inc (NSP) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $486,000 Position in Korn/Ferry International (KFY) UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Stake Boosted by Cypress Wealth Advisors LLC Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Increases Stake in Cardinal Financial Co. (CFNL) Citigroup Inc (C) Stake Cut by Maltese Capital Management LLC Capital Guardian Trust Co. Decreases Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Corelogic Inc (CLGX) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts AQR Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in China Petroleum & Chemical Corp (SNP) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $472,000 Position in AutoNation, Inc. (AN) L & S Advisors Inc Invests $414,000 in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Government Properties Income Trust (GOV) Stake Boosted by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Norges Bank Buys Shares of 849,040 Trustmark Corp (TRMK) April 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Norges Bank bought a new stake in Trustmark Corp (NASDAQ:TRMK) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor bought 849,040 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $30,268,000. Norges Bank owned approximately 1.25% of Trustmark Corp as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of TRMK. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of Trustmark Corp by 263.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,961,544 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $54,061,000 after buying an additional 1,422,443 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Trustmark Corp by 18.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 3,059,705 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $109,080,000 after buying an additional 485,964 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of Trustmark Corp by 4.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 7,154,870 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $197,188,000 after buying an additional 332,853 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Trustmark Corp by 20.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 944,852 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $26,040,000 after buying an additional 157,630 shares during the period. Finally, Acadian Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Trustmark Corp during the third quarter valued at approximately $2,748,000. 63.48% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Trustmark Corp (NASDAQ:TRMK) opened at 31.79 on Friday. Trustmark Corp has a one year low of $21.93 and a one year high of $36.79. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $32.63 and its 200-day moving average price is $31.70. The company has a market capitalization of $2.15 billion, a PE ratio of 19.88 and a beta of 1.07. Trustmark Corp (NASDAQ:TRMK) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The financial services provider reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.43. Trustmark Corp had a return on equity of 7.54% and a net margin of 17.94%. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.41 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Trustmark Corp will post $1.78 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 1st were issued a dividend of $0.23 per share. This represents a $0.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.89%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 27th. Trustmark Corp’s payout ratio is presently 57.14%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Norges Bank Buys Shares of 849,040 Trustmark Corp (TRMK)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/01/norges-bank-buys-shares-of-849040-trustmark-corp-trmk.html. TRMK has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Trustmark Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Hovde Group raised Trustmark Corp from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $36.00 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $30.40. About Trustmark Corp Trustmark Corporation is a bank holding company. The Company’s principal subsidiary is Trustmark National Bank (TNB). Through TNB and its subsidiaries, the Company operates as a financial services company providing banking and other financial solutions. It operates through three segments: General Banking, Wealth Management and Insurance. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TRMK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Trustmark Corp (NASDAQ:TRMK). Receive News & Ratings for Trustmark Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trustmark Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Business Sunday, April 2, 2017    Last update: 9:51 p.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Wall Street’s rock-solid quarter ends with a loss Print Email Share Tweet By Noel Randewich, Reuters Posted April 01, 2017, at 7:58 a.m. Wall Street fell on Friday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market’s lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit multiple record highs since the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending Friday, the S&P 500 gained 5.5 percent, its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015. Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. “Valuations are as stretched as they ever get,” said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W. Baird & Co in Nashville. “Certainly that’s cause for concern if earnings don’t grow the way they are anticipated to grow.” Over 40 strategists polled this week on average expected the S&P 500 to rise another 2 percent by the end of the year. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.31 percent to end at 20,663.22 points, while the S&P 500 lost 0.23 percent to 2,362.72. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 0.04 percent to 5,911.74. So far in 2017, technology has been the top-performing S&P sector, up 12.2 percent. The weakest has been energy, down 7.3 percent. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors fell on Friday, with the financial index down 0.72 percent. JPMorgan Chase fell 1.34 percent and Wells Fargo & Co lost 1.03 percent. Also weighing on the S&P 500 and Dow, Exxon Mobil fell 2.02 percent. FMC Corp rallied 13.15 percent after it agreed to buy DuPont’s crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont fell 1.60 percent Amazon.com rose 1.16 percent to a record high. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.48-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 100 new highs and 17 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, below the 6.8 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions and among the lightest volume days in 2017.   SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Eternal unrest: A heartbroken father died never knowing what happened to his missing son New facility helps prepare women inmates for release Transient charged with possession of child pornography April Fools’ storm dumps more than foot of snow in parts of Portland Trooper assists with crash, helps bring Lombardi trophy to Bangor Trump’s climate change order sends message to the world that the US is no longer a responsible actor Monday, April 3, 2017: Clean energy economy booming, Medicaid not just for the poor, reduce military spending April Fools’ Day Trump gets civics lessons from failed health care reform Reading Maine MPA adopts new ‘AA’ basketball format, eyes better tourney experience 41 years of stars: BDN All-Maine Schoolgirl Basketball teams, 1977 to 2017 UMass Lowell sweeps UMaine baseball team; Black Bears drop ninth straight BDN All-Maine Schoolgirl Basketball Team stats; honorable mention list Red Sox season preview: Life after Big Papi DEAR LIZ In a custody battle can kids choose where they live? Truck loses 10 tree-length logs on way south on Route 161 into Caribou| SLOWER TRAFFIC Are we Driving Ourselves to the Poorhouse? BDN PORTLAND Council strikes compromise on school renovations PETER PETER PORTLAND EATER AT BDN Pub wins with tempting specials and remarkable consistency Energy-efficiency systems, tiny houses big hits at 47th annual Bangor Home Show In a custody battle can kids choose where they live? New federal produce safety rules focus of public talk Pub wins with tempting specials and remarkable consistency ‘It’ trailer sets record for most online views in single day Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Stirring the Pot Reading Maine Reading Maine Widgets and Digits Not in my backyard: Lawmakers from all over Maine often decide key local issues Not in my backyard: Lawmakers from all over Maine often decide key local issues Maine Broadband Coalition Maine Broadband Coalition Regional Broadband Approaches: Achieving Scale with Community Networks The Day Job The Five-Minute Chase The Five-Minute Chase Concerning Consumers Maine's amazingly useful law that lets you turn gift cards into cash Maine's amazingly useful law that lets you turn gift cards into cash Top Stories Eternal unrest: A heartbroken father died never knowing what happened to his missing son New facility helps prepare women inmates for release April Fools’ storm dumps more than foot of snow in parts of Portland New opioid rules largely silent on veterinarian concerns Trooper assists with crash, helps bring Lombardi trophy to Bangor Similar Articles 11.30.2012 DuPont 'fraud' in Monsanto seed case unsealed by U.S. judge 1.2.2013 World’s richest 100 got $241 billion richer in 2012 1.22.2013 Banks, commodity stocks lift S&P 500 to 5-year high 4.16.2013 Wall Street lifted by gold, earnings and data 4.8.2013 Wall Street closes higher, Alcoa volatile after results More in Business   Ford recalls F-250 pickups that could roll while in park   King, Collins support bill to reform H-2B visa process for seasonal help from abroad   Wall Street’s rock-solid quarter ends with a loss   Power company scooping up land for new Chester-Pittsfield line   Island residents’ break on power bills gets better in Emera deal Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RLJ Lodging Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RLJ Lodging Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Chemical Financial Co. (CHFC) Position Maintained by New York State Teachers Retirement System Central Garden & Pet Co (CENT) Shares Bought by New York State Teachers Retirement System New York State Teachers Retirement System Raises Position in RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) 177,250 Shares in Facebook Inc (FB) Acquired by Vantis Investment Advisers L.P. Echo Global Logistics, Inc. (ECHO) Stake Held by New York State Teachers Retirement System Darsana Capital Partners LP Acquires Shares of 75,000 Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Shares Bought by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. New York State Teachers Retirement System Has $313,000 Stake in Resources Connection, Inc. (RECN) Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Stake Increased by New York State Teachers Retirement System MannKind Co. (MNKD) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Kraton Corp Decreased by SunTrust Banks (KRA) Zacks: VirnetX Holding Co. (VHC) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Brokerages QuickLogic Co. (QUIK) Given $4.00 Consensus Price Target by Analysts Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Omega Protein Co. (OME) Position Boosted by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $6,242,000 Stake in Cabot Corp (CBT) Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys 68,600 Shares of Zhaopin Ltd (ZPIN) 6,847 Shares in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Acquired by Total Investment Management Inc. Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stake Held by Stone Run Capital LLC McCormick & Company, Incorporated to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.47 (mkc.v) New York State Teachers Retirement System Raises Position in RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) April 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet New York State Teachers Retirement System raised its position in shares of RLJ Lodging Trust (NYSE:RLJ) by 0.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 10,700 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. New York State Teachers Retirement System’s holdings in RLJ Lodging Trust were worth $262,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in RLJ. Amica Mutual Insurance Co. acquired a new stake in shares of RLJ Lodging Trust during the third quarter worth approximately $305,000. Ngam Advisors L.P. boosted its stake in shares of RLJ Lodging Trust by 1.6% in the third quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. now owns 111,717 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $2,349,000 after buying an additional 1,803 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of RLJ Lodging Trust by 14.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,050,668 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $106,216,000 after buying an additional 623,251 shares in the last quarter. Sei Investments Co. boosted its stake in shares of RLJ Lodging Trust by 8.5% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 355,003 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $7,466,000 after buying an additional 27,672 shares in the last quarter. Finally, M&T Bank Corp boosted its stake in shares of RLJ Lodging Trust by 11.1% in the third quarter. M&T Bank Corp now owns 11,317 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $238,000 after buying an additional 1,131 shares in the last quarter. Shares of RLJ Lodging Trust (NYSE:RLJ) opened at 23.51 on Friday. RLJ Lodging Trust has a 52 week low of $18.86 and a 52 week high of $25.10. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $22.96 and a 200-day moving average of $22.55. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.91 billion, a PE ratio of 14.60 and a beta of 1.14. RLJ Lodging Trust (NYSE:RLJ) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.60 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.40. RLJ Lodging Trust had a net margin of 17.07% and a return on equity of 9.15%. The business earned $271.45 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $268.79 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.60 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that RLJ Lodging Trust will post $1.04 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 14th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a dividend of $0.33 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $1.32 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 5.61%. RLJ Lodging Trust’s payout ratio is 83.02%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/01/new-york-state-teachers-retirement-system-raises-position-in-rlj-lodging-trust-rlj.html. A number of analysts have commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of RLJ Lodging Trust from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $23.00 target price on shares of RLJ Lodging Trust in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $27.00 target price on shares of RLJ Lodging Trust in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Nomura assumed coverage on shares of RLJ Lodging Trust in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. They set a “buy” rating and a $28.00 target price for the company. Finally, Instinet assumed coverage on shares of RLJ Lodging Trust in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. They set a “buy” rating and a $28.00 target price for the company. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. RLJ Lodging Trust currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $24.50. RLJ Lodging Trust Company Profile RLJ Lodging Trust is a real estate investment trust. The Company is engaged in the acquisition of focused-service and compact full-service hotels. The Company owns approximately 130 hotels with over 20,900 rooms, located in approximately 20 states and the District of Columbia, and an interest in a mortgage loan secured by a hotel. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RLJ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for RLJ Lodging Trust (NYSE:RLJ). Receive News & Ratings for RLJ Lodging Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RLJ Lodging Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American Equity Investment Life Holding - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Equity Investment Life Holding with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News American Equity Investment Life Holding (AEL) Receives $23.86 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Receives $81.09 Consensus Target Price from Analysts XO Group Inc (XOXO) Receives $20.33 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Short Interest in Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) Drops By 4.0% Ricoh Co Ltd (RICOY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Gogo Inc to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.53) Per Share, Dougherty & Co Forecasts (GOGO) Roth Capital Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) William Blair Weighs in on Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (FIS) Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Sees Significant Drop in Short Interest Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Short Interest Down 9.2% in March Aggreko PLC (ARGKF) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Aberdeen Smaller Coms High Incm Trst PLC (ASCI) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.75 on April 28th Schroder Asian Totl Retrn Invstmt Co PLC (ATR) Increases Dividend to GBX 4.50 Per Share Snap Inc (SNAP) Short Interest Update Brokers Set Expectations for Black Diamond Group Ltd’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BDI) Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc (NSM) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.30 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts Mirna Therapeutics Inc (MIRN) Receives $1.83 Consensus PT from Analysts Goldcorp Inc. (G) Receives C$23.50 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set Omeros Co. (OMER) PT at $32.61 Wingstop Inc (WING) Receives $32.67 Average Target Price from Analysts American Equity Investment Life Holding (AEL) Receives $23.86 Consensus Target Price from Analysts April 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet American Equity Investment Life Holding (NYSE:AEL) has been assigned an average recommendation of “Buy” from the ten research firms that are currently covering the stock. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and six have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month price target among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $23.86. AEL has been the topic of several recent research reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $24.00 target price on shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding in a research report on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $20.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. FBR & Co lifted their target price on shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding from $25.00 to $30.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Citigroup Inc initiated coverage on shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $25.00 target price on the stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “American Equity Investment Life Holding (AEL) Receives $23.86 Consensus Target Price from Analysts” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/01/american-equity-investment-life-holding-ael-receives-23-86-consensus-target-price-from-analysts.html. American Equity Investment Life Holding (NYSE:AEL) opened at 23.63 on Wednesday. American Equity Investment Life Holding has a 1-year low of $12.77 and a 1-year high of $28.00. The company’s 50 day moving average is $25.80 and its 200-day moving average is $21.92. The firm has a market cap of $2.09 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.36 and a beta of 2.36. American Equity Investment Life Holding (NYSE:AEL) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.63 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.57 by $0.06. American Equity Investment Life Holding had a net margin of 3.75% and a return on equity of 4.79%. The business had revenue of $622.82 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $478.45 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.60 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 14.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that American Equity Investment Life Holding will post $2.39 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other American Equity Investment Life Holding news, Director Alexander Meeker Clark sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.67, for a total value of $113,350.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 10,500 shares in the company, valued at $238,035. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Director David J. Noble sold 100,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $27.53, for a total transaction of $2,753,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 1,538,765 shares in the company, valued at $42,362,200.45. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 4.43% of the stock is owned by insiders. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding by 1.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 837,382 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,847,000 after buying an additional 8,702 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding by 11.1% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 81,609 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,447,000 after buying an additional 8,146 shares during the period. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. raised its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding by 72.6% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 30,715 shares of the company’s stock worth $544,000 after buying an additional 12,924 shares during the period. Aperio Group LLC raised its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding by 23.4% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 41,048 shares of the company’s stock worth $728,000 after buying an additional 7,790 shares during the period. Finally, Arizona State Retirement System raised its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding by 6.6% in the third quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 45,516 shares of the company’s stock worth $807,000 after buying an additional 2,800 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 90.77% of the company’s stock. American Equity Investment Life Holding Company Profile American Equity Investment Life Holding Company is engaged in the development and sale of fixed index and fixed rate annuity products. The Company issues fixed annuity and life insurance products through its life insurance subsidiaries, American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company, American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company of New York and Eagle Life Insurance Company. Receive News & Ratings for American Equity Investment Life Holding Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Equity Investment Life Holding and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business» European Business A Goldman Sachs sign is seen above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in this file photo. In a voice-mail on March 29, the bank sought to reassure London-based staff over the potential disruption to its business as Britain prepares to leave the European Union. (© Lucas Jackson / Reuters) A Goldman Sachs sign is seen above the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in this file photo. In a voice-mail on March 29, the bank sought to reassure London-based staff over the potential disruption to its business as Britain prepares to leave the European Union. (© Lucas Jackson / Reuters) Banks reassure London staff as Britain launches Brexit proceedings Add to ... Anjuli Davies and Andrew MacAskill LONDON — Reuters Published Wednesday, Mar. 29, 2017 5:49AM EDT Last updated Wednesday, Mar. 29, 2017 1:56PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Banks in Britain have tried to reassure their London staff over possible Brexit disruption, including a shift in jobs to continental Europe, as Prime Minister Theresa May triggered formal EU divorce proceedings on Wednesday. Investment banks Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase and Nomura were among those who sent messages to employees in London, Europe’s biggest financial center, as they work out how to keep serving clients across the European Union after Britain leaves the bloc. Morgan Stanley also informed employees in Europe that no decisions had yet been made on changes for when Britain departs, leaving the EU with 27 member states. But Rob Rooney, CEO of Morgan Stanley International, was blunter in updating them on the work of a committee comprising senior leaders at the bank which has been making Brexit contingency plans for over a year. “As prudence would dictate, we have been preparing for a worst case scenario, in which we would need to establish a more significant entity within the EU 27,” Rooney said in a memo to staff on Wednesday seen by Reuters. “We continue to monitor the situation closely and, when appropriate, will take the necessary decisions and begin to execute on our plans.” JPMorgan Chase said in an internal memo that it has spent the last few months reviewing its options. “While our objective in the short term is to limit the number of staff moves, there will inevitably be some staff who will be asked to consider relocation,” the bank said. Richard Gnodde, CEO of the European arm of Goldman Sachs, stressed that no big changes were imminent even though he said last week that the Wall Street bank would begin by moving hundreds of staff as part of its “contingency plans” for Brexit. “All of this work leads us to conclude that although Brexit may well bring some changes to our footprint, a lot will continue to operate as it does today,” he said in a voicemail sent to all London employees’ phones last Friday. May’s formal notification of Britain’s intention to leave the EU starts two years of negotiations allowed under the bloc’s treaty that will shape the future of the country and Europe, as well as London’s place as a global financial center. Gnodde said Goldman Sachs could make long-term decisions only after those negotiations were complete. “We also understand that you will have many questions regarding the implications of Brexit,” he said. “We are sensitive to those concerns, and want you to know that we will share any information on changes that will impact our European footprint as quickly as we can.” May has said Britain will not try to remain in the EU’s single market, meaning London-based financial services companies would not be able to sell to clients in the remaining 27 member states in practical terms, unless a special deal were struck. Fearing they could lose top-performing staff, banks are treading carefully as they contemplate moving London-based workers to continental centers such as Frankfurt, Paris and Luxembourg, or paying them off and hiring employees locally. Nomura of Japan said in a message to staff on Wednesday that although it had been actively planning for Brexit, no final decision had been made on either location or timing of any new European entity, according to a source familiar with the matter. TWO-STAGE PLAN Banks are enacting two-stage contingency plans for Brexit. The first involves relatively small numbers of jobs to make sure the requisite licenses, technology and infrastructure are in place, while the next requires longer-term thinking on what their European business will look like in the future. This is when bigger moves might take place. The British Bankers’ Association and the City of London Corporation, which runs the financial district, said in statements it is crucial that after the conclusion of the talks banks retain as much access to the single market as possible. They both also said that Britain should announce a staggered departure from the EU that would allow British-based banks to prevent market disruption. Regulatory and banking experts working for the City of London and lobby group TheCityUK are drawing up proposals for a ‘mutual recognition’ system. Under this, the EU and Britain would broadly accept firms in each other’s financial markets because their home regulatory systems apply similar standards. The aim is for London-based banks to keep serving continental clients, although skeptics say mutual recognition is largely untested globally and would struggle to win approval within the EU. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail EU's Tusk expresses sorrow after receiving Brexit notice (Reuters)   GS-NGoldman Sachs Group Inc Latest Price$229.72 -1.50 (-0.65%) Updated March 31 4:01 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story How European crises put long-standing pacts in peril The Brexit ahead: A guide to the issues and people involved British economy sends mixed signals as Brexit divorce begins Topics United Kingdom Banking Europe Theresa May London The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. European Union Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Five Eyes: The spy network that can track nearly any communication you make News Pollution in deep Pacific devastating Earth: study Sports Scott Moir on skating with Tessa Virtue for 20 years Report on Business Video: Carrick Talks Money: Three ways retirees can defend their savings against a stock market crash News Video: The Battle for Hill 70: Canada's forgotten combat of the First World War Report on Business Two U.S. dividend ETFs that offer low costs and good diversification News New trade orders set stage for manufacturing revival, Trump says Life Squished owl recovering after truck accident News Brexit: Here's how the next two years could play out now that Britain has filed for divorce from the EU News Opinion: 'I have three degrees. Why am I delivering your lunch?' Sports What's next for Tessa Virtue and Scott Moir? News Explore the 1930s system that directs trains through Toronto’s Union Station ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Drive With increased computerization comes growing fear of hacking into cars Report on Business Female entrepreneurs tread into male-dominated world of tech startups More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business CRA targets tax-avoiding merchants using Square payment system Arts McMichael Collection names British art historian as new director Most popular The immunity dilemma: Michael Flynn, Congress and the lessons of Iran-Contra April 2: Your lookahead horoscope The investors who bet on a real estate boom – and lost Tim Hortons bosses apologize, vow changes amid revolt CRA targets tax-avoiding merchants using Square payment system X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Sunday, April 02, 2017 2:47 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 30°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wall Street’s rock-solid quarter ends with a loss Saturday April 1, 2017 10:06 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Are Pamela Anderson and Julian Assange dating? Science Cafe KL: Demystifying science, one drink at a time The Edit: Meet the folks at APW Bangsar’s Paper Plates Konta beats Wozniacki in straight sets to claim Miami WTA title Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A specialist trader works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange March 30, 2017. — Reuters picNEW YORK, April 1 — Wall Street fell yesterday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market's lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit multiple record highs since the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending yesterday, the S&P 500 gained 5.5 per cent, its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015. Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 per cent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. “Valuations are as stretched as they ever get,” said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W Baird & Co in Nashville. “Certainly that's cause for concern if earnings don't grow the way they are anticipated to grow.” Over 40 strategists polled this week on average expected the S&P 500 to rise another 2 per cent by the end of the year. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.31 per cent to end at 20,663.22 points, while the S&P 500 lost 0.23 per cent to 2,362.72. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 0.04 per cent to 5,911.74. So far in 2017, technology has been the top-performing S&P sector, up 12.2 per cent. The weakest has been energy, down 7.3 per cent. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors fell yesterday, with the financial index down 0.72 per cent. JPMorgan Chase fell 1.34 per cent and Wells Fargo & Co lost 1.03 per cent. Also weighing on the S&P 500 and Dow, Exxon Mobil fell 2.02 per cent. FMC Corp rallied 13.15 per cent after it agreed to buy DuPont's crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont fell 1.60 per cent Amazon.com rose 1.16 per cent to a record high. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.48-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 100 new highs and 17 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, below the 6.8 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions and among the lightest volume days in 2017.                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Activist targets GM share structure, board Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Oil retreats, set to become worst-performing asset in Q1 2016 Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Activist targets GM share structure, board Nothing in this region comes close to Pengerang Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Star-studded lineup in 'War Machine' Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Yes, gents. You can wear horizontal stripes to work and here’s how Wall Street slips as investors lock in gains of strong quarter US stocks fluctuate as dollar erases gain on Trump Wall Street set to open slightly lower over Trump’s policy stumble US stocks slump as market digests Trump health setback Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Northrop Grumman Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 58,673 Shares in Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) Acquired by TrueNorth Inc. Macquarie Group Ltd. Sells 579,340 Shares of Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Macquarie Group Ltd. Boosts Stake in Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Stake Lowered by Macquarie Group Ltd. New Century Investment Management Inc. Cuts Stake in EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. New Century Investment Management Inc. Invests $1,352,000 in Lincoln National Co. (LNC) New Century Investment Management Inc. Has $1,352,000 Stake in Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) New Century Investment Management Inc. Sells 21,948 Shares of TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Halliburton Company (HAL) Position Cut by Macquarie Group Ltd. Traders Sell Shares of Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) on Strength After Insider Selling Touchstone Exploration Inc (TXP) Director Purchases C$15,000.00 in Stock Ezra Gardner Buys 1,900 Shares of Fortress Paper Ltd. (FTP) Stock AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Major Shareholder Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Toro Co (TTC) Director Sells 3,048 Shares of Stock Paul M. Silva Sells 1,688 Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Stock Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Director Ruth Ann Marshall Sells 6,046 Shares Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Dow Chemical (DOW) Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Stake Lowered by Macquarie Group Ltd. March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Macquarie Group Ltd. decreased its position in Northrop Grumman Co. (NYSE:NOC) by 3.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 3,226,082 shares of the company’s stock after selling 128,108 shares during the period. Northrop Grumman makes up 1.4% of Macquarie Group Ltd.’s portfolio, making the stock its 24th largest position. Macquarie Group Ltd.’s holdings in Northrop Grumman were worth $750,323,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in NOC. State Street Corp increased its stake in Northrop Grumman by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 19,928,687 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,635,011,000 after buying an additional 98,951 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its stake in Northrop Grumman by 42.1% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 7,786,442 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,810,970,000 after buying an additional 2,307,519 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Northrop Grumman by 12.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,938,953 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,057,262,000 after buying an additional 533,364 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in Northrop Grumman by 0.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 4,832,167 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,033,842,000 after buying an additional 20,139 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Northrop Grumman by 4.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,506,803 shares of the company’s stock valued at $536,331,000 after buying an additional 112,394 shares during the last quarter. 81.81% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Northrop Grumman Co. (NYSE:NOC) traded down 0.51% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $237.84. The company had a trading volume of 964,883 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $41.53 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.51 and a beta of 0.69. Northrop Grumman Co. has a 12-month low of $198.75 and a 12-month high of $253.80. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $241.96 and its 200 day moving average is $232.86. Northrop Grumman (NYSE:NOC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $2.96 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.49 by $0.47. The firm earned $6.40 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $5.92 billion. Northrop Grumman had a return on equity of 35.74% and a net margin of 8.98%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 12.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $2.49 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Northrop Grumman Co. will post $11.87 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 22nd. Stockholders of record on Monday, March 6th were issued a dividend of $0.90 per share. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a $3.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.51%. Northrop Grumman’s dividend payout ratio is 29.53%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/northrop-grumman-co-noc-stake-lowered-by-macquarie-group-ltd.html. NOC has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Robert W. Baird reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $260.00 price objective on shares of Northrop Grumman in a report on Friday, January 20th. Vetr raised Northrop Grumman from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $253.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Citigroup Inc downgraded Northrop Grumman from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $253.80 to $185.08 in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Wolfe Research raised Northrop Grumman from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $243.00 price objective on shares of Northrop Grumman in a report on Thursday, January 12th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Northrop Grumman has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $242.76. In other news, VP Christopher T. Jones sold 240 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $234.38, for a total transaction of $56,251.20. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 46,820 shares in the company, valued at $10,973,671.60. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CFO Kenneth L. Bedingfield sold 125 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $234.38, for a total value of $29,297.50. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 18,126 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,248,371.88. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 940 shares of company stock valued at $219,834. Corporate insiders own 0.90% of the company’s stock. About Northrop Grumman Northrop Grumman Corporation is a global security company. The Company provides products, systems and solutions in autonomous systems; cyber; command, control, communications and computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR); strike, and logistics and modernization. The Company’s segments include Aerospace Systems, Mission Systems and Technology Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NOC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Northrop Grumman Co. (NYSE:NOC). Receive News & Ratings for Northrop Grumman Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Hot Topics: Pearl Street Mall turnover Neil Gorsuch Newton Running store closes Boulder considers Xcel settlement SUV vs. house News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Boulder area commercial deals: April 3, 2017 Posted:   04/01/2017 03:15:52 PM MDT Updated:   04/01/2017 03:17:47 PM MDT REAL ESTATE, COMMERCIAL DEALSTrust deedsThis list includes trust deeds (to secure repayment of A. loan) of $750,000 or more. Information includes the borrower, lender, address or legal description of the property, date the trust deed was filed and amount. 3865 Walnut LLC, W. W Reynolds Foundation Inc., 3865 Walnut St., Boulder, 03/24/2017, $1,036,400.00 505 Thunderbird Drive LLC, Protective Life Insurance Co., 505 Thunderbird Court E, Boulder, 03/23/2017, $4,100,000.00 Bb 2ckpk Adventures Trust, Wells Fargo Bank, 3193 Eighth St., Boulder, 03/21/2017, $1,603,000.00 Boulder City Housing Authority, Firstbank, Boulder City Housing Authority, Firstbank, 03/22/2017, $23,460,000.00 Carol Morehouse, Catalyst Lending Inc., 1445 Judson Drive, Boulder, 03/20/2017, $954,225.00 Carol Morehouse, HUD, 1445 Judson Drive, Boulder, 03/20/2017, $954,225.00 Christina Cheatham, Cherry Creek Mortgage Co. Inc., 4323 Apple Way, Boulder, 03/24/2017, $760,000.00 Dale and Amy Hubbard, Guaranteed Rate Inc., 833 Kalmia Ave., Boulder, 03/23/2017, $1,350,000.00 Ellen D. Corman, HUD, 3229 Fourth St., Boulder, 03/23/2017, $938,250.00 Ellen D. Corman, American Advisors Group, 3229 Fourth St., Boulder, 03/23/2017, $938,250.00 Grant S. and Susan L. Arends, US Bank NA, 640 Poplar Ave., Boulder, 03/22/2017, $750,000.00 Advertisement Jacuqeline and Nicholas Vansomeren, First Republic Bk, 645 Highland Ave., Boulder, 03/23/2017, $960,000.00 Jason M. and Jennifer Carey, Guaranteed Rate Inc., 3660 Paonia St., Boulder, 03/24/2017, $964,000.00 John T. and Bridget J. Winsor, First Western Trust Bank, 511 Marine St., Boulder, 03/20/2017, $750,000.00 Jon F. Kayyem Paige Gateskayyem Family Trust, HSBC Bank USA, 8925 Mountain View Lane, Boulder, 03/17/2017, $2,500,000.00 Miles E. Kunkel, JPMorgan Chase Bank, 990 Seventh St., Boulder, 03/20/2017, $1,000,000.00 South Longmont Development Inc., First National Bank Omaha, First National Bank Omaha, Vl, 03/24/2017, $2,386,000.00 South Longmont Devl Inc., QR Invest LLC, QR Invest LLC, Vl, 03/24/2017, $1,500,000.00 Valmont Holdings LLC, First Citizens Bank Trust Co., 2830 Valmont Road, Boulder, 03/20/2017, $1,191,983.00 VCG Properties III LLC, Firstbank, 12544 Eliot St., Broomfield, 03/21/2017, $3,539,000.00 VCG Properties II LLC, Firstbank, 4322 Broemel Ave., Broomfield, 03/21/2017, $3,539,000.00 VCG Properties II LLC, Firstbank, 12650 Yates St., Broomfield, 03/21/2017, $3,539,000.00 VCG Properties I. LLC, Firstbank, 12542 Bryant St., Broomfield, 03/21/2017, $3,539,000.00 Wendy S. Lea Revocable Trust, Tolleson Private Bank, 340 Dewey Ave., Boulder, 03/23/2017, $2,138,885.00 William H. Kolbe, HUD, 2800 Fifth St., Boulder, 03/22/2017, $954,225.00 William H. Kolbe, American Advisors Group, 2800 Fifth St., Boulder, 03/22/2017, $954,225.00 William Louis Nack, Firstbank, 1430 Lodge Lane, Boulder, 03/17/2017, $800,000.00 DeedsThis list includes deeds (conveying title to A. property) of $350,000 or more. Information includes the seller, buyer, address or legal description of the property, date the deed was filed and amount. 4 G. Realty LLC, Todd and Laura Fessenden, 230 Iris St., Broomfield, 03/23/2017, $396,000.00 Aaron and Pamela Anain, Christopher R. Rinaldo, 1205 Cavan St., Boulder, 03/20/2017, $540,000.00 Ahmed A. White, Galen and Kristin G. Burrell, 219 S. Cleveland Ave., Louisville, 03/17/2017, $551,000.00 Amanda C. Lenz, Isla R. Simpson, 3303 Oneal Parkway, Apt. 10, Boulder, 03/17/2017, $360,000.00 Betty J. and Sigvard J. Stenlund, Diane R. Macdonald, 6611 Lakeview Drive, Boulder, 03/17/2017, $610,000.00 Bolder Investments LLC, 505 Thunderbird Drive LLC, 505 Thunderbird Court E, Boulder, 03/23/2017, $8,050,000.00 Boulder Creek Lanterns LLC, Andrew M. Johanos, 1118 Summit View Drive, Louisville, 03/21/2017, $700,000.00 Bradley Victor Varmo, Steven Lee Allen, 2550 Winding River Drive, Unit G1, Broomfield, 03/22/2017, $392,000.00 Calatlantic Group Inc. Sbm, Kevin T. and Shalayn C. Moran, 16603 Compass Way, Broomfield, 03/23/2017, $550,300.00 Calatlantic Group Inc. Sbm, Jonathan Bei Shing Young, 16663 Compass Way, Broomfield, 03/20/2017, $491,700.00 Casey and Lori Byers, Dustin and Emily Ramey, 13415 Falls Drive, Broomfield, 03/22/2017, $408,000.00 Charelyn Farms LLC, Bb 2ckpk Adventures Trust, 3193 Eighth St., Boulder, 03/21/2017, $2,290,000.00 Christina A. and Stephen C. Warner, Prasanna Madhusudhanan, 2800 Sundown Lane, Apt. 305, Boulder, 03/21/2017, $445,000.00 Christopher Eugene and Cara Nichole Riggle, Steve Lam, 933 Laramie Lane, Erie, 03/17/2017, $550,000.00 Christy N. and Jesse G. McConnell, Benjamin Stubbings, 552 Starline Ave., Lafayette, 03/21/2017, $538,000.00 Coal Creek Crossing by Remington Homes Inc., James G. and Sandy H. Curfman, 109 Eighth Ave., Superior, 03/24/2017, $566,000.00 Coast to Coast Residential Development Inc., Jason M. and Jennifer Carey, 3660 Paonia St., Boulder, 03/24/2017, $1,389,900.00 Craig and Natalie A. Lord, Norman Thomas and Marian Louise Boll, 8451 Peak Peak Hwy 7, Allenspark, 03/17/2017, $805,000.00 Dale D. Roy, Robert B. and Rebekah Jayne, 1102 Eldorado Drive, Superior, 03/20/2017, $670,000.00 Dana Jay and Deborah J. Blakeslee, Fred III Schluter, Fred III Schluter, Mult Prop, 03/21/2017, $510,000.00 Daniel J. and Barbara Jo Slattery, Larry A. and Judy Reifschneider, 4747 Longs Court, Broomfield, 03/21/2017, $575,000.00 Dean L. McMurry, Lee Adam and Marcela Blanco Shainis, 4784 Mckinley Drive, Boulder, 03/23/2017, $640,000.00 Debbie K. Deidrick, Christopher and Joy Larson, 4877 Raven Run, Broomfield, 03/22/2017, $426,100.00 Debra T. Thomas, Gail Bridges, 1806 Yaupon Ave., Boulder, 03/21/2017, $835,000.00 Dianne M. McMichael, Lori and Matthew Atchley, 1027 E. 6th Circle, Broomfield, 03/20/2017, $367,500.00 Ej Louisville Land LLC, Lands 2 Lllp, Lands 2 Lllp, Mult Prop, 03/22/2017, $1,868,300.00 Erick R. and Kim A. Finnestead, Monica M. and Jack P. Waldorf, 629 Mathews Way, Erie, 03/22/2017, $466,000.00 Flanagan Johnson Trust, Matthew and Kirk Johnston, 13514 via Varra, Broomfield, 03/22/2017, $357,500.00 Frank L. and Monica A. Marics, Nuevo Capital Partners LP, 1566 Sunset Blvd, Boulder, 03/20/2017, $2,350,000.00 Ft 1125 Erie Village LLC, John R. and Rose P. Murphy, 1125 Village Circle, Erie, 03/21/2017, $379,000.00 Gene Dilworth, Christopher Ho, 5596 Pennsylvania Ave., Boulder, 03/22/2017, $464,000.00 Gregory G. and Juliana K. Sturr, Benjamin H. Anderson, 3961 Broadway St., Boulder, 03/17/2017, $1,000,000.00 Gretchen Florescue, Robert H. and Shirley G. Davis, 3950 Colorado Ave., Apt. L, Boulder, 03/20/2017, $560,000.00 Indian Peaks South 3 LLC, Sawato Aizeki, 2874 Cascade Creek Drive, Lafayette, 03/17/2017, $750,900.00 Indian Peaks South 3 LLC, John F. Keating, 2861 Cascade Creek Drive, Lafayette, 03/20/2017, $656,100.00 James D. Gilbert, William G. Cutler, 2954 Kalmia Ave., Apt. 42, Boulder, 03/20/2017, $648,500.00 Jennifer Clurman, Damon Lange, 621 Emerson Gulch Road, Boulder, 03/17/2017, $435,000.00 Joan Elaine Muller, Susan H. Ellison, 248 W. Sycamore Lane, Louisville, 03/21/2017, $532,000.00 Joan E. Rieger, Hugh Gyetvai, 823 Beauprez Ave., Lafayette, 03/20/2017, $355,000.00 John Edward and Diane Roberta Warner, Darren J. and Lisa D. Warner, 1915 Keota Lane, Superior, 03/23/2017, $525,000.00 Josef B. Cohen Trust, Rj Properties LLC, Rj Properties LLC, Mult Prop, 03/17/2017, $404,000.00 Julia P. Herring Trust, Jason and Sara Burch, 1127 Ridglea Way, Boulder, 03/22/2017, $665,300.00 Justin Thomas, Colin B. and Brandi M. Baldwin, 2779 Decatur Drive, Broomfield, 03/20/2017, $390,000.00 KB home Colorado Inc., Barbara Kentner, 2345 W. 164th Place, Broomfield, 03/22/2017, $372,000.00 KB home Colorado Inc., Amy L. Henry, 2341 W. 164th Place, Broomfield, 03/22/2017, $399,500.00 Kelvin Properties LLC, Fatina and Forest Cannon, 1100 W. 8th Avenue Drive, Broomfield, 03/22/2017, $380,000.00 Lacy LLC, Peter Fitzgerald, 1580 Cress Court, Boulder, 03/22/2017, $1,625,000.00 Laura F. Ziady Survivors Trust, Robert and Terry L. Prince, 13852 Legend Way, Unit 101, Broomfield, 03/23/2017, $395,000.00 Lazy Fox Farm LLC, Dt Partnerships LLC, 8918 Arapahoe Road, Boulder, 03/20/2017, $900,000.00 Leslie Vangrobe, Lea Kelly Day, 3240 15th St., Boulder, 03/23/2017, $872,000.00 Lynne Rakestraw Kidder Living Trust, Bradford Douglas Seaman, 3970 Colorado Ave., Apt. G, Boulder, 03/17/2017, $565,000.00 Mahmood Sadafi, Tye Burroughs Rogers, 3275 Gold Run Road, Boulder, 03/17/2017, $510,000.00 Mandy Mclane, Yujui Huang, 3860 Colorado Ave., Apt. E, Boulder, 03/22/2017, $610,000.00 Margaret M. Patten, Colin Mcnichols, 2310 Waneka Lake Trail, Lafayette, 03/24/2017, $530,000.00 Melody Homes Inc., Natalie A. Lord, 1249 W. 171st Place, Broomfield, 03/20/2017, $605,000.00 Meritage Homes Colorado Inc., Ryan and Brittany Brome, 1747 Dusty Boot Drive, Lafayette, 03/22/2017, $618,700.00 Meritage Homes Colorado Inc., James P. and Tiffany M. Asbury, 2042 Red Tail Hawk Drive, Lafayette, 03/22/2017, $604,600.00 Michel A. and Wayne E. Beck, Debra and Robert Greenberger, 4640 Kirkwood St., Boulder, 03/23/2017, $595,000.00 Michelle and Richard G. Dehaven, Christina Cheatham, 4323 Apple Way, Boulder, 03/24/2017, $1,350,000.00 Nancy G. Harrison, Bonnie Foster, 2800 Kalmia Ave., Apt. C318, Boulder, 03/21/2017, $359,800.00 Nei Global Relocation Co., Cara Bufkin, 2841 Silver Place, Superior, 03/24/2017, $680,000.00 NP Development Inc., Pra Building Corp., 16651 Alcott Way, Broomfield, 03/22/2017, $1,439,000.00 Peter and Brenda Krenitsky, 3184 Ninth St. LLC, 3184 Ninth St., Boulder, 03/23/2017, $775,000.00 Purnima Oza, Bruce E. Hildenbrand Living Trust, 3837 Paseo Del Prado, Boulder, 03/20/2017, $515,700.00 QR Invest LLC, South Longmont Devl Inc., South Longmont Devl Inc., Vl, 03/24/2017, $2,000,000.00 Ralph L. and Susan T. Brown, Joseph E. and Tiffany A. Angell, 3808 Animas Way, Superior, 03/22/2017, $735,000.00 RC Superior LLC, Wadsworth Capital II LLC, RC Superior LLC, Wadsworth Capital II LLC, 03/20/2017, $1,750,000.00 RC Superior LLC, Wadsworth Capital LLC, RC Superior LLC, Wadsworth Capital LLC, 03/20/2017, $3,915,000.00 Ricardo J. Trustee and Elissa G. Trustee Bracho, William Louis Nack, 1430 Lodge Lane, Boulder, 03/17/2017, $1,000,000.00 Robert A. and Julie A. Render, Lynden Krister Shalm, 1110 Monroe Drive, Apt. A, Boulder, 03/23/2017, $475,000.00 Robert J. Jr. Landgraf, Kathleen Ann Sharpe, 11235 Colony Row, Broomfield, 03/23/2017, $371,000.00 Robert M. Carol Ann Whitler June 5 1992 Trust, Patricia M. and Sheryl A. Hain, 3513 Princeton Place, Broomfield, 03/23/2017, $615,000.00 Ryan Kramer, Timothy G. Ene, 1289 Harrison Court, Boulder, 03/24/2017, $623,500.00 Samantha Carol Rice, Carolyn Gillen, 1402 Athene Drive, Lafayette, 03/21/2017, $430,000.00 Sandra Marie Starkweather, L. Cinnamon Bidwellkovalev, 1184 Juniper Ave., Boulder, 03/24/2017, $500,000.00 Standard Pacific Colorado Inc., Kymberly Suzzane and Scott Vincent Calvo, 515 Grenville Circle, Erie, 03/21/2017, $420,700.00 Standard Pacific Colorado Inc., William and Ashley Cartun, 1891 Wright Drive, Erie, 03/20/2017, $458,400.00 Stephen and Julie Rodda, Sergio A. and Brianna C. Santander, 1597 Zinnia Circle, Lafayette, 03/21/2017, $649,000.00 Stephen P. Dickson, Julia Pancoe, 711 Pleasant St., Boulder, 03/23/2017, $879,000.00 Taylor Morrison Colorado Inc., Courtney Alexandra Schultz, 651 W. 170th Place, Broomfield, 03/20/2017, $418,900.00 Thomas Glenn and Misty Jo Walker, Darla Phillipsmezzacapo, 950 Bean Court, Erie, 03/23/2017, $442,000.00 Toll Co. II LP, Leo James Michael and Kimberly Ann Baird, 15738 Bison Run, Broomfield, 03/23/2017, $827,500.00 Wellington 2660 LLC, Keith Daniel Harvey, 751 S. Hendricks St., Nederland, 03/21/2017, $435,000.00 Whipple Real Estate LLC, Richard D. Mandel, 3941 75th St., Boulder, 03/23/2017, $500,000.00 Ww Reynolds Foundation Inc., 3865 Walnut LLC, 3865 Walnut St., Boulder, 03/24/2017, $1,036,400.00 Zachariah T. and Joanna E. Curtis, Erin K. and Derek G. Reiger, 1729 Maccullen Drive, Erie, 03/24/2017, $541,000.00 Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Boulder Chamber, citizens' groups weigh in on Xcel settlement proposal Boulder looks to shake bonds of county control on future development Once a niche, Boulder's creative services industry sees boom times   BOCOPREPS (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Girls soccer: Fairview pours it on against GJ Central Knights notch five goals in first half BOULDER — After playing just three games in March, the Fairview girls soccer team is finally hitting the meat of their schedule and the Knights are eager to begin building some momentum for the 2017 season. Full Story Baseball: Collegians continue to expand brand in community Track and field: Locals break several records at Lyons Invitational Girls golf: Holy Family freshman Schalk off to blistering start Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor The Gold Sector's Greatest Comeback Tale Canadian heavyweight Goldcorp Inc. (NYSE: GG) has consistently been one of the most innovative “thinkers” in the global mining business. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Dow Jones News Today: Dow Falls 45 Points as Investors Worry Taxes Won't Be Cut in 2017 Message: URL: https://mney.co/2novqBy 2  ×   =  10 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Dow Jones News Today: Dow Falls 45 Points as Investors Worry Taxes Won't Be Cut in 2017 Message: URL: https://mney.co/2novqBy 2  −   =  one Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Follow topicFollow After Market Roundupno responses Dow Jones Dow Jones News Today: Dow Falls 45 Points as Investors Worry Taxes Won't Be Cut in 2017 By Garrett Baldwin, Economist, Money Morning • March 27, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  ×  3  =  6 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter In Dow Jones news Monday, investors weighed the Trump administration's plans for financial and regulatory reforms in the wake of its failed healthcare reform push last week. Global markets were also in the red as investors worry the Trump rally could be coming to an end. Despite the downturn, volatility remained mute. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) – commonly referred to as the markets' fear gauge – was slightly down on the day. Let's look at the numbers from Monday for the Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq: Dow Jones: 20,550.98; -45.74; -0.22% S&P 500: 2,341.59; -2.39; -0.10% Nasdaq: 5,840.37; +11.64; +0.19% Now, here's a look at today's most important market events and stocks, plus a preview of Tuesday's economic calendar. Dow Jones News: Market Slumps as Investors Doubt the Trump Agenda Friday's defeat of healthcare reform could have a profound impact on President Trump's other pressing priorities. President Trump's team wants to engage in corporate tax reform by August. However, economists anticipate that a lack of healthcare reform – and the expected fiscal savings that would accompany it – would make it harder for President Trump to fulfill his campaign promise to reduce the U.S. corporate tax rate down to the 15% he promised. Want to Make Money? Here's how to make over $100,000 starting with a small amount of money… rolling stocks over and over again. Click here for this proven investing method… The news hammered banking stocks. Shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) fell more than 1% and were a large drag on the Dow Jones. Meanwhile, shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) and Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC) were both down on the day. In addition, investors are having doubts about the timing of a potential infrastructure program to "rebuild America." Steel stocks were hit the hardest due to increased pessimism. Shares of AK Steel Corp. (NYSE: AKS) were slightly down, and shares of United States Steel Corp. (NYSE: X) dropped 1.62%. Gold prices hit a one-month high thanks to a downturn in the dollar and a shift by investors from equities to safety. The U.S. dollar hit its lowest level since November and set off alarms over the stability of the U.S. economic recovery. Trending: Top Marijuana Stocks to Watch This Week Investors will continue to listen to statements from members of the U.S. Federal Reserve this week in order to find clues about the timing of the next interest rate hike. Chicago Federal Reserve President Charles Evans and Dallas Fed Bank President Robert Kaplan spoke this afternoon. But markets seemed more interested in the statements planned by Fed Chair Janet Yellen at a conference tomorrow. Oil prices were falling again as markets grow increasingly concerned that OPEC may not extend its deal to cap excessive production. The rumors come at a time that markets are deeply concerned about rising U.S. production levels and increased inventories. The WTI crude oil price today dipped 0.4%, while Brent crude oil prices were flat. Video Should I Invest Like Carl Icahn? But the big story no one talked about in the mainstream press was the Saudi Aramco IPO. If you're following the Saudi Aramco IPO, you know that this will be the largest IPO of all time and that the Saudi state-owned energy giant will immediately become the largest publicly traded company by market capitalization overnight. Some are expecting the market cap to surpass $2 trillion. Which stock exchange will receive the rights to bring this massive firm public, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) or the Nasdaq? We answer that question (and more), right here. Stock Market News and Top Stocks to Watch Today: March 27, 2017 United Continental Holdings Inc. (NYSE: UAL) is generating some interesting headlines, and this time they have nothing to do with grounded flights. The company is under hot water after refusing to allow two women to board a plane who were wearing leggings. Though the airline has said it can refuse entry on a flight to individuals who are "not properly clothed," the incident set off a social media storm and calls for apologies. UAL stock was up 0.6% on the day despite the news. Shares of Best Buy Co. (NYSE: BBY) climbed over 3% after the company received a stock upgrade from investment firm Piper Jaffray. But the upgrade had less to do with the company's outlook or potential sales than it did with news about its competitors' flaws. Piper cited store closures of HHGregg and Sears Holding Corp. (Nasdaq: SHLD) as a reason for optimism for the big-box electronics retailer. In earnings news, shares of Cal-Maine Foods Inc. (Nasdaq: CALM) were flat after the egg producer posted net sales of $306.5 million for the quarter. That is almost 32% lower than the same quarter a year prior. Shares of Snap Inc. (NYSE: SNAP) added close to 5% after the company received a bullish report on its revenue outlook. According to eMarketer, the social media firm could see its advertising revenue top $3 billion by 2019. Shares of Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL) added 0.17% on news that the stock received a price target upgrade from investment bank JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM). According to a recent research note, JPM anticipated increased demand for Apple gadgets ahead of the firm's 10th anniversary of the iPhone launch. JPM raised its price target for AAPL stock from $142.00 per share to $165.00. After the bell, look for earnings reports from Red Hat Inc. (NYSE: RHT) and SYNNEX Corp. (NYSE: SNX). Tuesday's U.S. Economic Calendar (all times EDT) International Trade in Goods at 8:30 a.m. Redbook at 8:55 a.m. S&P Corelogic Case-Shiller HPI at 9 a.m. Consumer Confidence at 10 a.m. Richmond Fed Manufacturing Index at 10 a.m. State Street Investor Confidence Index at 10 a.m. Four-Week Bill Auction at 11:30 a.m. 52-Week Bill Auction at 11:30 a.m. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George speaks at 12:45 p.m. Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Dennis Kaplan speaks at 1 p.m. Five-Year Note Auction at 1 p.m. Must Know: Seven Ways to Tell If Your Gold Is Real Follow Money Morning on Facebook and Twitter. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Dow Jones News Today Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 4  +  5  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT The Gold Sector's Greatest Comeback Tale Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. After Market Roundup (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News April 1, 2017 By Money Morning News Team Leave a Comment Will the Stock Market Crash as the Fed Hikes Rates? March 31, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News Today: Index Falls 65 Points as Q1 Comes to a Close March 31, 2017 By Alex McGuire Leave a Comment Invest in Silver Today for a 31.5% Profit in 2017 Trending Posts 8756 Reads 26 Likes Price of Gold Today Continues 2017 Rate Hike Rally The price of gold today continues the recent rate hike rally. But the surging dollar this week has worried investors. Here's why gold will still rally in 2017... 4892 Reads 161 Likes An Old Rival Is a Dangerous New Player in the South China Sea Energy Crisis It's hardly a mystery that the Kremlin has shown an interest in South China Sea developments. Today's Markets DJIA -65.27 (0.31%) 20,663.22 NASDAQ -2.60 (0.04%) 5,911.74 S&P -5.34 (0.23%) 2,362.72 GS -1.50 (0.65%) 229.72 JPM -1.19 (-1.34%) 87.84 BAC 0.28 (-1.17%) 23.59 AKS 0.04 (0.55%) 7.19 X 0.06 (0.18%) 33.81 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. After Market Roundup (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price CSX Is on the Right Track: How Investors Can Profit With respected rail veteran Hunter Harrison now at the helm, things should move in the right direction. By Steven M. Sears Biography March 30, 2017 2:43 p.m. ET When E. Hunter Harrison was a student at Memphis State University he worked as a carman-oiler for a railroad. The oil clearly got into his blood. He has since risen through the ranks, turned around three railroads, and earned a reputation as a hard-charging, self-made man who tames old businesses. Now, Harrison has his sights on CSX (ticker: CSX), a railroad company that operates in 23 states and two Canadian provinces. In January, Harrison said he was joining Mantle Ridge to shake up CSX. The stock surged 23% the... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Under Armour Stock Is Ready to Rebound Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Dear T-Mobile: You’re Not That Funny Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 8 Energy Picks That Can Rise Even With Cheap Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Dr. Doom’s Diagnosis Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. 6 Industrial Stocks With Generous Yields Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 2 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 3 Why You Should Get Life Insurance Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Take Intel, With a 3% Yield, Can Rise By Over 30% Macquarie analyst Srini Pajjuri starts coverage with an Outperform rating. Wells Fargo says shares can hit $50. By Teresa Rivas Biography March 31, 2017 3:19 p.m. ET Intel (ticker: INTC) investors are hoping that upcoming quarters will be better than the one ending today. Concerns about competitive pressures, future growth drivers and Intel’s $15.3 billion acquisition of Mobileye (MBLY) have pushed shares slightly lower this year. The rest of the year, however, should prove chipper for the chip giant. ... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Under Armour Stock Is Ready to Rebound Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Dear T-Mobile: You’re Not That Funny Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 8 Energy Picks That Can Rise Even With Cheap Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Dr. Doom’s Diagnosis Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 2 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 3 Why You Should Get Life Insurance Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synchronoss Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: VirnetX Holding Co. (VHC) Given Consensus Rating of “” by Brokerages QuickLogic Co. (QUIK) Given $4.00 Consensus Price Target by Analysts Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Omega Protein Co. (OME) Position Boosted by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $6,242,000 Stake in Cabot Corp (CBT) Renaissance Technologies LLC Buys 68,600 Shares of Zhaopin Ltd (ZPIN) 6,847 Shares in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Acquired by Total Investment Management Inc. Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Stake Held by Stone Run Capital LLC McCormick & Company, Incorporated to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.47 (mkc.v) Companhia de Saneamento Basico Declares Dividend of $0.38 (SBS) Photo-Me International plc (PHTM) to Issue Dividend of GBX 3.09 on May 11th Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) Bond Prices Rise 2.1% Community Health Systems (CYH) Bond Prices Fall 0.8% Fmr LLC Has $20,006,000 Stake in Liberty Global plc – Class C (LILAK) Convergys Corp (CVG) Position Reduced by Fmr LLC Cray Inc. (CRAY) Position Increased by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Acquires 78,500 Shares of Life Storage Inc (LSI) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Shares Sold by Keybank National Association OH Altavista Wealth Management Inc. Acquires 1,040 Shares of Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Stake Lowered by Frontier Wealth Management LLC Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” April 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNCR) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Saturday morning. According to Zacks, “SYNCHRONOSS TECHNOLOGIES is the premier provider of on-demand transaction management software to Tier One communications service providers. Synchronoss enables service providers to drive growth in new and existing markets while delivering an improved customer experience at lower costs. The company’s flagship ActivationNow and ConvergenceNow software platforms automate, synchronize and simplify electronic service creation and management of advanced wireline, wireless and IP services across existing networks. “ Several other research analysts have also recently issued reports on the stock. Stifel Nicolaus reduced their target price on shares of Synchronoss Technologies from $40.00 to $32.00 and set a hold rating for the company in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Deutsche Bank AG lowered shares of Synchronoss Technologies from a buy rating to a hold rating and dropped their target price for the company from $50.00 to $35.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Synchronoss Technologies in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. They issued an overweight rating and a $65.00 target price on the stock. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $46.50. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) opened at 24.40 on Friday. Synchronoss Technologies has a 52 week low of $24.38 and a 52 week high of $49.94. The company has a market cap of $1.07 billion, a P/E ratio of 54.22 and a beta of 2.28. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $27.90 and its 200-day moving average is $37.60. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.02. Synchronoss Technologies had a return on equity of 11.20% and a net margin of 3.38%. The business had revenue of $147.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $149.11 million. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.61 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 6.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts predict that Synchronoss Technologies will post $2.55 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/01/synchronoss-technologies-inc-sncr-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. In other news, EVP David Schuette sold 1,081 shares of Synchronoss Technologies stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.25, for a total value of $28,376.25. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 49,093 shares in the company, valued at $1,288,691.25. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director William J. Cadogan sold 7,500 shares of Synchronoss Technologies stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.39, for a total transaction of $295,425.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 241,515 shares in the company, valued at approximately $9,513,275.85. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 69,878 shares of company stock worth $2,607,652. Company insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Peregrine Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Synchronoss Technologies during the third quarter worth $15,745,000. Norges Bank purchased a new position in Synchronoss Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at $11,971,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in Synchronoss Technologies by 10.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,925,438 shares of the company’s stock valued at $120,470,000 after buying an additional 275,479 shares during the last quarter. Fiera Capital Corp purchased a new position in Synchronoss Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at $9,082,000. Finally, Matarin Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in Synchronoss Technologies during the third quarter valued at $8,811,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 84.24% of the company’s stock. About Synchronoss Technologies Synchronoss Technologies, Inc (Synchronoss) offers cloud solutions and software-based activation for mobile carriers, enterprises, retailers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). The Company operates in providing cloud solutions and software-based activation for connected devices segment. Its software provides consumer and enterprise solutions for transactions on a range of connected devices across the world’s networks. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Mutual Fund Profile What the Largest Active Bond Fund Is Buying Now Move over, Bill Gross and Jeff Gundlach. Make way for Tad Rivelle, of MetWest Total Return Bond fund. By Lewis Braham Biography April 1, 2017 While two fund autocrats—the erstwhile Pimco superstar Bill Gross and his rival, DoubleLine’s Jeff Gundlach—have long vied for the title of bond king, a democratic insurgency is quietly stealing their thunder. A self-effacing team of four managers—Stephen Kane, Laird Landmann, Tad Rivelle, and Bryan Whalen—now run the largest actively managed bond fund, the $78.6 billion Metropolitan West Total Return Bond (ticker: MWTRX). That compares with Pimco Total Return’s (PTTAX) $74.2 billion; DoubleLine Total Return Bond’s... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Under Armour Stock Is Ready to Rebound Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Dear T-Mobile: You’re Not That Funny Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 8 Energy Picks That Can Rise Even With Cheap Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Dr. Doom’s Diagnosis Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. 6 Industrial Stocks With Generous Yields Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 2 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 3 Why You Should Get Life Insurance Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Selecta Biosciences Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Selecta Biosciences Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Selecta Biosciences Inc (SELB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Unit Co. (UNT) Receives $22.00 Average Target Price from Brokerages AA PLC (AA) Receives GBX 354 Consensus Target Price from Analysts American Equity Investment Life Holding (AEL) Receives $23.86 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Receives $81.09 Consensus Target Price from Analysts XO Group Inc (XOXO) Receives $20.33 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Short Interest in Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) Drops By 4.0% Ricoh Co Ltd (RICOY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Gogo Inc to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.53) Per Share, Dougherty & Co Forecasts (GOGO) Roth Capital Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) William Blair Weighs in on Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (FIS) Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Sees Significant Drop in Short Interest Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Short Interest Down 9.2% in March Aggreko PLC (ARGKF) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Aberdeen Smaller Coms High Incm Trst PLC (ASCI) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.75 on April 28th Schroder Asian Totl Retrn Invstmt Co PLC (ATR) Increases Dividend to GBX 4.50 Per Share Snap Inc (SNAP) Short Interest Update Brokers Set Expectations for Black Diamond Group Ltd’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BDI) Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc (NSM) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.30 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts Mirna Therapeutics Inc (MIRN) Receives $1.83 Consensus PT from Analysts Selecta Biosciences Inc (SELB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research April 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Selecta Biosciences Inc (NASDAQ:SELB) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report published on Saturday morning. According to Zacks, “Selecta Biosciences, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company which develops targeted immunotherapies and vaccines. Its product pipelineincludes gene therapy, food allergy, malaria; SEL-212, which is a therapeutic enzyme indicated for refractory gout; SEL-070, which is indicated for smoking cessation and relapse prevention; SEL-701, which is indicated for the treatment of human papillomavirus associated cancer and SEL-212 consists of SVP-Rapamycin co-administered with pegsiticase, its pegylated uricase. Selecta Biosciences, Inc. is based in Watertown, United States. “ A number of other equities analysts have also issued reports on the company. Needham & Company LLC reissued a buy rating and set a $28.00 price target on shares of Selecta Biosciences in a report on Tuesday. Stifel Nicolaus reissued a buy rating and set a $32.00 price target (up previously from $23.00) on shares of Selecta Biosciences in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity set a $25.00 price target on Selecta Biosciences and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Shares of Selecta Biosciences (NASDAQ:SELB) opened at 14.32 on Friday. Selecta Biosciences has a 52-week low of $10.26 and a 52-week high of $28.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $13.28 and a 200-day moving average price of $16.51. Selecta Biosciences (NASDAQ:SELB) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, March 27th. The company reported ($0.77) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.25) by $0.52. Equities analysts forecast that Selecta Biosciences will post ($2.04) EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/01/selecta-biosciences-inc-selb-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research.html. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in SELB. Deerfield Management Co. acquired a new stake in shares of Selecta Biosciences during the fourth quarter worth $14,632,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Selecta Biosciences by 2.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 307,893 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,387,000 after buying an additional 6,593 shares in the last quarter. Sphera Funds Management LTD. acquired a new stake in shares of Selecta Biosciences during the third quarter worth $3,989,000. Baker BROS. Advisors LP acquired a new stake in shares of Selecta Biosciences during the third quarter worth $2,550,000. Finally, Perceptive Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Selecta Biosciences during the fourth quarter worth $2,433,000. 41.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Selecta Biosciences Selecta Biosciences, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company using its synthetic vaccine particle (SVP) technology to discover and develop targeted therapies that are designed to modulate the immune system to treat rare and serious diseases. The Company is engaged in the research and development of nanoparticle immunomodulatory drugs for the treatment and prevention of human diseases. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Selecta Biosciences (SELB) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Selecta Biosciences Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Selecta Biosciences Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Minerals Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Short Interest Update Landec Co. (LNDC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Intuit Inc. (INTU) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.34 on April 18th Investors Sell Celgene Co. (CELG) on Strength After Insider Selling Gevo, Inc. (GEVO) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Analysts Set Expectations for Sonoco Products Co’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SON) Short Interest in Piper Jaffray Companies (PJC) Drops By 33.3% The GEO Group Inc (GEO) Short Interest Update Madison Square Garden Co (MSG) Short Interest Down 38.4% in March Alamos Gold Inc (US) (AGI) Short Interest Update Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Reaches New 1-Year Low Following Weak Earnings Traders Sell Shares of Comcast Co. (CMCSA) on Strength on Insider Selling Insider Selling: Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Director Sells 1,693 Shares of Stock eMagin Co. (EMAN) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research NCI Inc (NCIT) Releases Q4 Earnings Guidance 12,461 Shares in Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Acquired by New Century Investment Management Inc. Traders Sell Shares of Red Hat Inc (RHT) on Strength After Insider Selling TrueNorth Inc. Acquires New Position in Dollar General Corp. (DG) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Shares Sold by TrueNorth Inc. Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Saturday morning. According to Zacks, “Minerals Technologies Inc. is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets worldwide a broad range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and related systems and services. The Company has five reportable segments: Specialty Minerals, Refractories, Performance Materials, Construction Technologies and Energy Services. “ Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Minerals Technologies from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $76.00 price target for the company. in a research report on Friday, December 2nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) opened at 76.60 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $2.68 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.21 and a beta of 2.04. Minerals Technologies has a 12 month low of $51.29 and a 12 month high of $83.85. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $76.22 and a 200 day moving average price of $74.88. Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.05 by $0.03. The company earned $401.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $393.05 million. Minerals Technologies had a return on equity of 15.57% and a net margin of 8.14%. The firm’s revenue was down 6.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $1.00 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Minerals Technologies will post $4.75 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/minerals-technologies-inc-mtx-raised-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 9th. Investors of record on Friday, February 17th were given a $0.05 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, February 15th. This represents a $0.20 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.26%. Minerals Technologies’s dividend payout ratio is currently 5.28%. In related news, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 790 shares of Minerals Technologies stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.08, for a total value of $62,473.20. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 31,554 shares in the company, valued at $2,495,290.32. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 7,373 shares of Minerals Technologies stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.18, for a total value of $576,421.14. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 31,355 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,451,333.90. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 3.70% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in MTX. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund raised its position in Minerals Technologies by 4.3% in the third quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund now owns 12,046 shares of the company’s stock valued at $852,000 after buying an additional 492 shares in the last quarter. Westwood Management Corp IL acquired a new position in shares of Minerals Technologies during the third quarter valued at about $226,000. Meeder Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Minerals Technologies by 10.0% in the third quarter. Meeder Asset Management Inc. now owns 11,139 shares of the company’s stock valued at $788,000 after buying an additional 1,016 shares during the period. 1st Global Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Minerals Technologies during the third quarter valued at about $214,000. Finally, Wright Investors Service Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Minerals Technologies during the third quarter valued at about $330,000. Institutional investors own 96.28% of the company’s stock. Minerals Technologies Company Profile Minerals Technologies Inc is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets a range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and supporting systems and services around the world. It operates through five segments. The Specialty Minerals produces and sells the synthetic mineral product precipitated calcium carbonate (PCC) and processed mineral product quicklime (lime). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Minerals Technologies (MTX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #GNRC2017 #TravelCafe News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessMarkets-business Apr 01, 2017 08:23 AM IST | Source: Reuters Wall Street's rock-solid quarter ends with a loss The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.31 percent to end at 20,663.22 points, while the S&P 500 lost 0.23 percent to 2,362.72. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 0.04 percent to 5,911.74. Wall Street fell on Friday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market's lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit multiple record highs since the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending Friday, the S&P 500 gained 5.5 percent, its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015. Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. "Valuations are as stretched as they ever get," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W. Baird & Co in Nashville. "Certainly that's cause for concern if earnings don't grow the way they are anticipated to grow." Over 40 strategists polled this week on average expected the S&P 500 to rise another 2 percent by the end of the year. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.31 percent to end at 20,663.22 points, while the S&P 500 lost 0.23 percent to 2,362.72. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 0.04 percent to 5,911.74. So far in 2017, technology has been the top-performing S&P sector, up 12.2 percent. The weakest has been energy , down 7.3 percent. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors fell on Friday, with the financial index down 0.72 percent. JPMorgan Chase fell 1.34 percent and Wells Fargo & Co lost 1.03 percent. Also weighing on the S&P 500 and Dow, Exxon Mobil fell 2.02 percent. FMC Corp rallied 13.15 percent after it agreed to buy DuPont's crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont fell 1.60 percent Amazon.com rose 1.16 percent to a record high. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.48-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 100 new highs and 17 new lows.About 6.4 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, below the 6.8 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions and among the lightest volume days in 2017. tags #Dow Jones industrial average #Exxon #International Markets #JPMorgan Chase #Nasdaq Composite #Standard & Poor's 500 #US markets #Wall Street Related news Business World stocks lock in bumper Q1, dollar eyes best week of year Mar 31, 2017 09:15 PM Business What changed for the market while you were sleeping? 10 things to know BY kshitij Mar 31, 2017 07:50 AM Business Wall Street rises, aided by U.S. growth data; Nasdaq ends at record Mar 31, 2017 07:15 AM Business What changed for market while you were sleeping: 10 things you should know BY kshitij Mar 30, 2017 07:59 AM Business S&P, Dow weighed down by financial stocks; Nasdaq up Mar 30, 2017 07:38 AM Business What changed for the market while you were sleeping? 10 things to know BY kshitij Mar 29, 2017 07:55 AM Business Wall Street posts sharp gains, fuelled by strong consumer data Mar 29, 2017 07:33 AM Business What changed for market while you were sleeping? 10 things you must know BY kshitij Mar 28, 2017 07:51 AM Business Wall Street off as Trump agenda weighed; Dow down for 8th day Mar 28, 2017 07:31 AM News Most Popular Top News Maybe it's time for hostile takeovers; govt must back honest risks: Uday Kotak D-Mart bumper listing: Should you buy, book profits or hold shares? Govt wants to ban cash transactions above Rs 2 lakh Will auction Aamby Valley if Rs 5,000 cr not paid: SC to Sahara Market Week Ahead: Top 11 factors that investors will focus on as FY18 kicks off Jio extends Prime offer to April 15: Here are membership benefits you can still avail MOSL sees over a dozen stocks turning multibaggers in next 2-3 years Arun Jaitley says India will grow at 7.2% in 2017 and 7.7% in 2018 see more Video of the day See opportunity in future M&As; like PSU banks, but be choosy: Sundaram MF Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Gamechanger Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch Power your Ttade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » Power Your Trade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Breaking News Flynn did not disclose income from Russian companies: White House Venezuela seeks to cool outrage over court power grab Islamic State second-in-command killed in airstrike, Iraqi intelligence says Wealthy White House staffers' finances detailed in new disclosures Protester dies, minister sacked after Paraguay re-election vote Philippines' Duterte invites EU critics, wants to 'slap them' Colombia mudslide, flooding kill 254 in midnight deluge Third body found in aftermath of damaging Australian cyclone Ex-punk rocker challenges Ted Cruz for Senate Seeking Kurdish support, Turkey’s Erdogan calls himself ‘guardian of peace’ Sun 2 Apr 2017 - 4 Rajab 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Vacancies Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → US consumer spending slows, but inflation is rising US consumer spending slows, but inflation is rising Saturday 01st, April 2017 / 18:51 Written by Oman Observer in Business WASHINGTON: US consumer spending barely rose in February amid delays in the payment of income tax refunds, but the biggest annual increase in inflation in nearly five years supported expectations of further interest rate hikes this year. The slowdown in consumer spending reported by the Commerce Department on Friday is, however, likely to be temporary with consumer confidence at a more than 16-year high and a tightening labour market pushing up wage growth. “Given the weather-related weakness in utilities spending as well as some delays in tax refunds for low-and middle-income earners in February, we expect consumer spending to strengthen in the quarters ahead,” said Eugenio Aleman, a senior economist at Wells Fargo Securities in Charlotte, North Carolina. The Commerce Department said consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of US economic activity, edged up 0.1 per cent. That was the smallest gain since August and followed an unrevised 0.2 per cent rise in January. Economists had expected a 0.2 per cent increase. The government delayed the issuing of tax refunds this year as part of efforts to combat fraud. Spending last month was held back by a 0.1 per cent dip in purchases of big-ticket items like automobiles. While unseasonably warm weather lowered households’ heating bills, it restricted spending growth last month. Weak consumer spending resulted in the Atlanta Federal Reserve trimming its first-quarter economic growth estimate by one-tenth of a percentage point to a 0.9 per cent annualized rate. Gross domestic product increased at a 2.1 per cent rate in the fourth quarter, stepping down from the July-September quarter’s brisk 3.5 per cent pace. Despite signs of moderate growth, economists expect the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at least twice more this year. The US central bank raised its benchmark overnight interest rates by a quarter of a percentage point this month. Other data on Friday showed the University of Michigan’s consumer sentiment index slipping to a reading of 96.9 in March from 97.6 earlier in the month. The final reading was a touch higher than February’s 96.3. A report from the Conference Board this week showed its consumer confidence index surging in March to its highest reading since December 2000. The dollar was trading slightly higher against a basket of currencies, while US stocks fell on Friday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market’s lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit multiple record highs since the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending on Friday, the S&P 500 gained 5.5 per cent, its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015. Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 per cent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. INFLATION PRESSURES BUILDING:  Even with economic growth slowing at the start of the year, inflation is rising. The personal consumption expenditures (PCE) price index gained 0.1 per cent last month after jumping 0.4 per cent in January. That lifted the year-on-year rate of increase in the PCE price index to 2.1 per cent, the biggest gain since April 2012. The PCE price index rose 1.9 per cent in January. Excluding food and energy, the so-called core PCE price index increased 0.2 per cent last month after rising 0.3 per cent in January. In the 12 months through February, the core PCE price index increased 1.8 per cent after a similar gain in January. The core PCE is the Federal Reserve’s preferred inflation measure and is running below its 2 per cent target. Inflation is now in the upper end of the range that Fed officials in March felt would be reached this year. “There is nothing in this report that suggests the Fed should pause in June in its gradual renormalization of monetary policy but the Fed will look closely at the evolution of core inflation over the next two months in making that decision,” said John Ryding, Chief Economist at RDQ Economics in New York. Rising price pressures are also eating into consumer spending. When adjusted for inflation, consumer spending fell 0.1 per cent in February after declining 0.2 per cent in January. That was the first back-to-back monthly decline in real consumer spending since April 2009. Personal income rose 0.4 per cent last month after advancing 0.5 per cent in January. Wages increased 0.5 per cent, the biggest gain in five months. Income at the disposal of households after accounting for inflation increased 0.2 per cent after dipping 0.1 per cent in January. Savings rose to a five-month high of $808.0 billion from $770.9 billion in January.  Rising incomes and higher savings bode well for future consumer spending. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Never underestimate the power of cool design Warning signs abound for UK economy following strong Q4 → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Singer Haitham wins Indian reality show Follow rules to ensure safety of building Sultanate hosts Olympic Solidarity and OCA forum First phase of Sur City Walk project opens Read More ... Facebook Twitter 2 hours ago@PACDAOman said its team was able to put out fire in an apartment for workers in Ruwi @MctMunicipality /t.co/pwn6c9u5nM 3 hours agoDays of low airfares from region are over, will only go up this year /t.co/FPPTeoE52T @omanair @IATA /t.co/oV96taninU 4 hours agoThe first phase of Sur City Walk commercial — entertainment project inaugurated /t.co/fhXUQYyMuh @MOCI_OMAN… /t.co/wKjjQoNotx Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Exxon, DuPont Weigh on DJIA Friday By Paul Ausick March 31, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet March 31, 2017: Markets opened lower Friday following a report from the Commerce Department that personal consumption expenditures (PCE) inflation came in at 2.1% for February. The best performing sectors Friday included real estate and utilities stocks. Financials and energy sectors lagged. WTI crude oil for May delivery settled at $50.60 a barrel, up 0.5% on the day, but closed the month down 5.8%. June gold added 0.3% on the day to settle at $1,251.20 and closed down 0.2% for the month. Equities were headed for a mixed close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.09% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.03%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.20%. The DJIA traded very near the break-even line just minutes before the closing bell. The closing tally could finish with either a small gain or a small loss for any or all of the indexes. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Friday was Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) which traded down 1.74% at $82.24. The stock’s 52-week range is $80.31 to $95.55. Volume was about 20% above the daily average of around 12.8 million. The company had no specific news. E.I. du Pont de Nemours Inc. (NYSE: DD) traded down 1.16% at $80.69. The stock’s 52-week range is $61.12 to $82.37. Volume was less than 10% below the daily average of around 2.8 million shares. The company said this morning that it is extending the merger closing date for its deal with Dow Chemical and selling some of its crop protection assets to FMC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) traded down 0.93% at $88.20. The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 15.9 million shares. The company had no specific news Friday. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded down 0.48% at $177.13. The stock’s 52-week range is $122.35 to $185.71. Volume was about 65 below the daily average of around 3.4 million shares. The company on Friday completed the first test flight of its 787-10, but orders are few for the $313 million aircraft. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 12 are on track to close higher Friday and 18 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Nearly 400 2017 Data Breaches Have Exposed More Than 7 Million Records Cenovus, Rite Aid Slide into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Comp... (NYSE:DD), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning Retailers Closing the Most Stores 9 Countries That Control the World's Nuclear Weapons The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The Richest Town in Every State Recent The 5 Worst Performing Dow Stocks in Q1 The 5 Best Performing DJIA Stocks for Q1 The 5 Worst Performing S&P 500 Stocks in Q1 Huge Retail Trade Highlights Slowing Insider Selling: Costco, Pool, Ulta Beauty, Isle of Capri, Vector Group and More Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple Makes a Smart Move to Expand in This Huge Market The 3 States With the Least Active Housing Markets May Surprise You Can NVIDIA Take the Lead in This Potentially Huge Market? North Carolina to face Gonzaga in NCAA men's basketball championship Monday night Rare 1804 silver dollar fetches nearly $3.3M in record-breaking coin collection auction: AP Ford recalls 53,000 2017 F-250 trucks because they can roll even when parked: AP New Breakout Stocks Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Can Raymond James Financial (RJF) Stock Continue to Grow Earnings? Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for March 31st Ford recalls F-250 pickups that could roll while in park Beyond jobs, car sales to give insight on consumer health German prosecutors expect rulings in VW scandal this year: report Apple Makes a Smart Move to Expand in This Huge Market The 3 States With the Least Active Housing Markets May Surprise You Can NVIDIA Take the Lead in This Potentially Huge Market? Billionaire Mark Cuban: Trump Too Clueless To Collude With The Russians Ivanka Trump Keeping Stake In D.C. Hotel Despite White House Role, Filings Show Japan Returns With 333 Minke Whale Carcasses After 'Scientific Expedition' Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Aerojet Rocketdyne, Alcoa, Amazon, ArcelorMittal, Corning, Intel, Vale, AMD and More By Jon C. Ogg March 31, 2017 8:50 am EDT Print Email Tweet Stocks were indicated marginally lower on Friday ahead of several economic reports. This was the last day of the quarter, and the Dow was up 5.4% and the S&P 500 was up 6.1% so far in 2017. Investors have continued to prove for more than five years that they want to buy market pullbacks, even now the bull market is more than eight years old. Investors are also still looking for new trading and investing ideas. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each day of the week in an effort to find new ideas for our readers. Some analyst reports cover stocks to buy, and some cover stocks to sell or to avoid. Color has been added on many of the following calls, and the consensus analyst price targets referenced are from Thomson Reuters. These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Friday, March 31, 2017. Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc. (NYSE: AJRD) was started as Buy and assigned a $28 price target (versus a $21.50 prior close) at Jefferies. This is a very lightly followed defense and rocket play, and Jefferies feels that Aerojet Rocketdyne is a unique enterprise, with sole source positions on key missile defense systems, tactical munitions and human space exploration programs. The firm believes that the core technologies can be leveraged to win new space and defense programs for double-digit earnings growth ahead. Alcoa Corp. (NYSE: AA) was upgraded to Outperform from Market Perform and the price target was raised to $45 from $35 (versus a $33.49 close) at BMO Capital Markets. Alcoa has a 52-week trading range of $20.00 to $39.78 and a consensus analyst price target of $42.40. Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) was started with a Buy rating and assigned a $1,100 price target at Loop Capital. It was given a similar upside target at Barclays this week as well. Shares closed at $876.34, in a 52-week range of $585.25 to $877.06. The consensus target price is $948.61. ArcelorMittal S.A. (NYSE: MT) was raised to Overweight from Neutral at JPMorgan in an overseas call. Its American depositary shares (ADSs) closed at $8.40 on Thursday and were indicated up 0.5% at $8.44 on Friday. The 52-week range is $4.18 to $9.37, and the consensus price target is $10.47. Corning Inc. (NYSE: GLW) was downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup. The stock closed up 0.3% at $27.56 on Thursday but was indicated down 0.6% at $27.39 on Friday. Corning’s consensus target price is $26.93 and its 52-week range is $18.21 to $28.36. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) was started with an Outperform rating and assigned a $40 price target (versus a $35.75 close) at Macquarie. Intel has a 52-week range of $29.50 to $38.45 and a consensus analyst target of $40.03. Vale S.A. (NYSE: VALE) was raised to Market Perform from Underperform and the price target was raised to $10 from $7 (versus a $9.54 close) at BMO Capital Markets. Vale’s ADSs have a 52-week range of $3.85 to $11.70, and the consensus target price is $10.30. Follow @Jonogg on Twitter to get analyst calls and research summaries posted directly to your feed. Other top analyst calls were seen in the following: Pages: 1/2 « Infrastructure Build-Out and Energy Recovery Huge for 5 Top Steel Stocks IBM Begins Firings at North Carolina Site » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, Alcoa, Inc. (NYSE:AA), Alkermes, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALKS), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NYSE:AMD), Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Avago Technologies (NASDAQ:AVGO), Corning (NYSE:GLW), HUBS, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:MRVL), ArcelorMittal (NYSE:MT), NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), Owens Corning (NYSE:OC), Quintiles Transitional Holding... (NYSE:Q), Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), Texas Instruments, Inc. (NASDAQ:TXN), Companhia Vale Ads (NYSE:VALE), Xilinx, Inc. (NASDAQ:XLNX) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning Retailers Closing the Most Stores 9 Countries That Control the World's Nuclear Weapons The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The Richest Town in Every State Recent The 5 Worst Performing Dow Stocks in Q1 The 5 Best Performing DJIA Stocks for Q1 The 5 Worst Performing S&P 500 Stocks in Q1 Huge Retail Trade Highlights Slowing Insider Selling: Costco, Pool, Ulta Beauty, Isle of Capri, Vector Group and More Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple Makes a Smart Move to Expand in This Huge Market The 3 States With the Least Active Housing Markets May Surprise You Can NVIDIA Take the Lead in This Potentially Huge Market? North Carolina to face Gonzaga in NCAA men's basketball championship Monday night Rare 1804 silver dollar fetches nearly $3.3M in record-breaking coin collection auction: AP Ford recalls 53,000 2017 F-250 trucks because they can roll even when parked: AP New Breakout Stocks Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Can Raymond James Financial (RJF) Stock Continue to Grow Earnings? Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for March 31st Ford recalls F-250 pickups that could roll while in park Beyond jobs, car sales to give insight on consumer health German prosecutors expect rulings in VW scandal this year: report Apple Makes a Smart Move to Expand in This Huge Market The 3 States With the Least Active Housing Markets May Surprise You Can NVIDIA Take the Lead in This Potentially Huge Market? Billionaire Mark Cuban: Trump Too Clueless To Collude With The Russians Ivanka Trump Keeping Stake In D.C. Hotel Despite White House Role, Filings Show Japan Returns With 333 Minke Whale Carcasses After 'Scientific Expedition' Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad Advertising agencies and Google could face multi-million pound legal claims from major companies over scandal which has seen their brands linked to extremist websites By Jon Rees, Financial Mail on Sunday Published: 16:53 EDT, 1 April 2017 | Updated: 16:53 EDT, 1 April 2017 e-mail 1 View comments Advertising agencies and Google could face multi-million- pound legal claims from major companies over the scandal which has seen their brands linked to extremist websites, a top media lawyer has warned. Household names – including Volkswagen, Aviva and Heinz – have suspended or are reviewing their advertising with Google, which owns YouTube. This comes after learning that their brands have been promoted on YouTube videos posted by extremists showing scenes of terrorism. Claims: Big brands such as Coca-Cola and Heinz may take action against Google Now lawyer Sarah MacDonald, senior associate at leading media law specialists Wiggin LLP, has said advertisers could be entitled to compensation from Google or advertising agencies if their brands appeared on inappropriate websites. She said: ‘Advertisers could have a potential claim for contractual damages if their content appeared alongside inappropriate content.’ Around 250 companies are thought to have suspended advertising with the internet giant. They include L’Oreal, ITV, McDonald’s, Marks & Spencer, and Coca-Cola. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next ALEX BRUMMER: We shouldn't be surprised Sir Martin Sorrell... 'I've never shouted at my staff - no matter how irritating I... Britons would prefer to buy an autonomous car from... Share this article Share The dispute has spread to America where investment bank JP Morgan Chase has slashed its advertising exposure online – reducing the number of websites it uses from 400,000 to 5,000 – after reports that other US firms had seen their brands appearing on sites promoting terrorism. Google and leading advertising agencies declined to comment on the possibility of legal action. In the wake of last month’s Westminster attack, Google, Twitter, Facebook and Microsoft met Home Secretary Amber Rudd last week and agreed to create ‘new technical tools’ to remove terrorist propaganda. Share or comment on this article e-mail What would you choose - £24,000 a year from 65...or... Minimum wage goes up today but young workers get a 'raw... Now Sir Philip Green has £1BILLION pension deficit at... Virgin Money expected to make initial bid for troubled... 'We saved £11,255 in fees on our flat sale': Home sellers... 'For the price of a couple of potato bags costing less... How the new Lifetime Isa launching this week can help you... SIMON WATKINS: Theresa May must show her steel - as much... TONY HETHERINGTON: Why was my windfall used to pay off debt? Some of Britain’s top tourist destinations want power to... Marks & Spencer counting cost of Gallic adventure as... Advertising agencies and Google could face multi-million... JEFF PRESTRIDGE: This month marks start of main AGM... As firms begin contingency plans, CBI chief’s demand to... European boss of Ford confident Britain will secure... I asked George Michael to split our book money 50/50 and... MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RPS builds bridges as infrastructure... Five funds to fill up your new £20k Isa: With the... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 1 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: Asset allocation - how to make sure all your eggs are not in one basket Emerging markets manager who returned 60% in a year: We meet Templeton's Carlos Hardenberg Investing Show: Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends Investing Show: How to profit from property in the world's best cities Investing Show: Should investors worry about political upheaval? Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?             DON'T MISS Consumers keep on spending Household savings rate drops to record UK low of 3.3% of disposable income When's the best time to shop around for cheaper car insurance? We reveal the switching sweet spot that could save you £349 The question that's too easy to overlook when investing for the future Are you investing in the things that will help make the future that you want possible, asks RACHEL RICKARD STRAUS The top 50 investing opportunities as Article 50 is triggered Ways to make money in a post-Brexit world Strong consumer spending and exports boosted UK's GDP growth by 0.7% during fourth quarter Sky is giving mobile customers a new handset every 12 months with no hidden fees.... - so what's the catch? BT bosses hid £530m Italian fraud scandal for a year after three employees raised alarm Want to invest in an Isa and don't know where to start? Just do this... Our distilled guide to getting started. Could we finally see a battle in the easy-access savings tables? YBS launches a new best-buy rate (but with a number of catches) Rolls-Royce reveals four unique Wraiths designed by British music legends including Roger Daltrey and Sir Ray Davies One-hit wonders. Should you open a Lifetime Isa? How they work, and what's on offer to young savers hoping to get on the housing ladder Santander fraud victims reveal how their lives have been shattered 'When I found my £180,000 life savings had gone I sat on the floor and howled' Can you help a masonic lodge find a lost charity bank account opened by a member who died? ASK TONY. Why the perfect bottle of wine will cost you a tenner Former Waitrose boss says amount is where quality and price best meet. Cancer sufferer Eileen cut her £3,000 travel insurance bill to £134 - thanks to a fellow survivor who set up her own specialist firm Latest reports from News European boss of Ford confident Britain will secure tariff-free trade deal with EU - but says motor giant is making contingency plans in case talks fail As firms begin contingency plans, CBI chief’s demand to guarantee rights of workforce: Our No. 1 issue is tell all 3.5m EU workers they can STAY Virgin Money expected to make initial bid for troubled Co-op Bank in attempt to dramatically expand its modest current account business Now Sir Philip Green has £1BILLION pension deficit at Arcadia: After BHS scandal, tycoon’s Topshop group reveals even bigger black hole Marks & Spencer counting cost of Gallic adventure as group’s operation reports loss for fifth year in a row since returning to France Advertising agencies and Google could face multi-million pound legal claims from major companies over scandal which has seen their brands linked to extremist websites Some of Britain’s top tourist destinations want power to impose hotel ‘room tax’ to capitalise on expected flood of tourists cashing in on weak pound Brexit builder bringing grit to top bosses' club: Northern construction chief as surprised as anyone that he now leads UK's directors Chancellor Philip Hammond facing pressure in both Houses of Parliament to reveal how many special tax deals UK authorities have struck in last two years with large corporations Mortgages worth £11bn from failed lender Bradford & Bingley sold in bid reimburse the taxpayer Minimum wage goes up today but young workers get a 'raw deal' as their pay is 'worth less than in 2008' Household savings rate drops to record UK low of 3.3% of disposable income as consumers keep on spending Strong consumer spending and exports boosted UK's GDP growth by 0.7% during fourth quarter Hammond to raise £11.8bn through selling off Bradford & Bingley loans to Prudential and Blackstone MORE HEADLINES     SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Why Analysts Are Staying Positive on Financials Despite the Pullback By Chris Lange April 1, 2017 9:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet The Trump rally has lifted stocks across the board, but it seems that the ride is stalling out now, or at least settling down. Financial stocks have perhaps seen the biggest boom since this rally started in late November. But is it safe to keep buying into these stocks now that the rally is seemingly subsiding? First we have to understand that analysts still see quite a few tailwinds for this industry. Fed Chair Yellen had made a compelling case for bank stocks just by hiking interest rates, with seemingly more hikes on the horizon. Consumer confidence is also the highest that it has been in 16 years. Also many of the major banks are trading on a relatively cheap basis when compared to the broad markets. Most analysts have taken a positive stance on the financial sector as a result of these trends. Even David Tepper who called the bottom amidst the financial crisis in 2009, thinks that stocks still have a lot of room to run from here. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each day of the week, which is hundreds of analyst calls reviewed each week. In this case, we have picked out some of the best ideas from analysts on the financial sector. Merrill Lynch recently commented that it still wants clients buying Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) and Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC). Although, in the prior week, Deutsche Bank issued its top finance picks, which were not the major banks. Separately, 24/7 Wall St. featured seven stocks that have over 50% to 100% upside, but these don’t fall under the financial sector. Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE: COF) was raised to Buy from Neutral and the price target was raised to $105 from $97 (versus an $84.17 prior close) at Instinet on March 29. Capital One’s 52-week range is $58.03 to $96.92 and its consensus target price is $99.32. The stock most recently closed at $86.66. Morgan Stanley (NYSE: MS) was raised to Buy from Hold with a $47 price target (compared with a $42.49 prior close) at Deutsche Bank on March 29. The upgrade included positive notes about trading and fixed income. The 52-week range is $23.11 to $47.33, and the consensus analyst target is $47.08. Shares closed Friday at $42.84. PrivateBancorp Inc. (NASDAQ: PVTB) was raised to Outperform from Market Perform with a $63 price target (versus a $55.51 close) at Keefe Bruyette & Woods on March 27. Shares ended the week at $59.37, with a consensus price target of $57.49 and a 52-week trading range of $34.00 to $60.43. Synchrony Financial (NYSE: SYF) was initiated as Outperform at Wells Fargo on March 29. The stock closed most recently at $34.30, with a consensus analyst price target of $42.57 and a 52-week trading range of $23.25 to $38.06. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Major Technology Analyst Upgrades Seen This Week (Amazon, Apple, Broadcom, Intel, Snap and More) Huge Retail Trade Highlights Slowing Insider Selling: Costco, Pool, Ulta Beauty, Isle of Capri, Vector Group and More » Read more: Banking & Finance, Analyst Upgrades, featured, Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS), PrivateBancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:PVTB), SYF, Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning Retailers Closing the Most Stores 9 Countries That Control the World's Nuclear Weapons The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The Richest Town in Every State Recent The 5 Worst Performing Dow Stocks in Q1 The 5 Best Performing DJIA Stocks for Q1 The 5 Worst Performing S&P 500 Stocks in Q1 Huge Retail Trade Highlights Slowing Insider Selling: Costco, Pool, Ulta Beauty, Isle of Capri, Vector Group and More Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Apple Makes a Smart Move to Expand in This Huge Market The 3 States With the Least Active Housing Markets May Surprise You Can NVIDIA Take the Lead in This Potentially Huge Market? North Carolina to face Gonzaga in NCAA men's basketball championship Monday night Rare 1804 silver dollar fetches nearly $3.3M in record-breaking coin collection auction: AP Ford recalls 53,000 2017 F-250 trucks because they can roll even when parked: AP New Breakout Stocks Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) Can Raymond James Financial (RJF) Stock Continue to Grow Earnings? Top Ranked Income Stocks to Buy for March 31st Ford recalls F-250 pickups that could roll while in park Beyond jobs, car sales to give insight on consumer health German prosecutors expect rulings in VW scandal this year: report Apple Makes a Smart Move to Expand in This Huge Market The 3 States With the Least Active Housing Markets May Surprise You Can NVIDIA Take the Lead in This Potentially Huge Market? Billionaire Mark Cuban: Trump Too Clueless To Collude With The Russians Ivanka Trump Keeping Stake In D.C. Hotel Despite White House Role, Filings Show Japan Returns With 333 Minke Whale Carcasses After 'Scientific Expedition' Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Stuart Black/Getty Images/Robert Harding World Imagery Argentina's Biggest Brokerage Weighs Local IPO Before Year End by Andres R Martinez @Amartinez28R More stories by Andres R Martinez March 31, 2017, 6:55 PM EDT April 1, 2017, 9:00 AM EDT Puente Hnos plans to double money managers this year to 200 Brokerage aims to boost assets under management to $5 billion Puente Hnos SA, the largest local brokerage in Argentina, is weighing selling shares of its U.K. holding company in Buenos Aires before the end of the year. The company is still considering an initial public offering in New York or London, Federico Tomasevich, Puente’s global chairman, said in an interview on Friday. Selling the securities in Argentina is preferred because a U.S. offering may prove too expensive and there’s limited appetite for Latin American companies in the U.K., he said. “We would be a much bigger force in the Argentina stock market,” Tomasevich said in Asuncion, the capital of Paraguay. “But we are analyzing whether we can list our holding company in Buenos Aires. The Argentine bourse is booming, it’s about to enter the MSCI and there isn’t enough paper available.” The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Puente is betting that the recent tax amnesty in Argentina, which may have attracted as much as $115 billion in undeclared assets, will fuel a boom in money management for Argentines who have hidden their savings in cash or foreign assets for decades. The amnesty ends Friday. Argentina may see as much as $1 billion in inflows if MSCI Inc. adds the nation to its emerging-market indexes, JPMorgan Chase & Co. said in February. “We are going to have a disruptive advantage in Argentina with all the money that is coming in from the tax amnesty,” he said. Local IPOs IPOs in the local Argentinean market are expected to get a lift from a new capital markets bill that President Mauricio Macri has sent for approval in Congress. The legislation includes benefits for companies and tax exemptions for investors in connection with new stock market listings. The Buenos Aires-based brokerage has hired banks to advise on the acquisition of wealth and asset managers in Argentina and Uruguay and hopes to buy one this year that manages $100 million to $1 billion. In Paraguay, Puente hired four people from Citigroup Inc.’s wealth management unit. Puente plans to double to 200 the number of wealth managers it has by the end of the year. The IPO would be for 20 percent to 25 percent of the company’s shares, Tomasevich said. The partners hold about 20 percent of the company and he holds the remaining shares. They are in the process of hiring a chief executive officer for Argentina in the next two to three months, Tomasevich said. By February, the company should have about $5 billion in assets under management in its wealth management unit, up from approximately $3.6 billion now, he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jack Ma's Latest U.S. Expansion Plan Threatened by Trump Agenda What Caused the Downfall of New York City’s Glitziest Restaurant? Wall Street’s New Favorite Way to Swap Secrets Is Against the Rules Airlines Make More Money Selling Miles Than Seats Donald Trump’s Ferrari Disappoints at Florida Auction Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Sign in Join Home Campus News Business Sports Opinion Variety Columns Greek Corner Mass Communications Study Abroad More Submit an Article Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 36.6 F Smithfield, Rhode Island Sunday, April 2, 2017 Sign in / Join Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Create an account Create an account Welcome! Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Home Campus Campus Students and Professors Compete for Bragging Rights Campus Joe DiMauro’s Discussion Panel Campus Two Decades of the Women’s Summit Celebrated this Month Campus CEO Shines with Standout Conference Campus Letter to Sue Zarnowski News News Quieting NATO; Affirming Commitment Campus Students and Professors Compete for Bragging Rights News Big Step Backward for Online Privacy News European Elections are Heating up News Islamic State’s Horrific attack on an Afghani Hospital Leaves at Least… Business Business Facebook’s Resilience Business Trump’s new Laptop ban Business How do the 1% Invest? Business Salesforce Valuation Business Snap’s Opening Performance Sports Sports Can Bryant Baseball Continue Their Success in the NEC Despite Early… Sports Red Sox Set to Begin 2017 Season Strong Sports Western Conference Stars Lead NBA MVP Race Sports The Life of a Minor League Hockey Player Sports Bill Belichick Returns to the Bryant Campus Opinion Opinion Why Tim Tebow Still Matters Opinion “Is It Worth the Price?” Opinion “Fake News”, but from a Different Source Opinion The Value of Diversity to the Ways and Means Committee Opinion Collegiate Athletes Deserve Pay Variety Variety Alpha Omicron Pi’s Fourth Annual Spaghetti for Scleroderma Variety 5 Reasons Why Everyone Needs to Watch “This Is Us” Variety The Bryant Players Present ‘Footloose’ Variety Astronomical Events Determine Easter Observance Variety Top 5 Songs of the Week Columns AllGreek CornerMass CommunicationsStudy Abroad Greek Corner What Greek Life Has to Offer Greek Corner AOII Lights the Night to Support Blood Cancer Research Mass Communications Sharing is Caring? Greek Corner Tri Sigma: Rebranded More Submit an Article Bryant Archway Home Business How do the 1% Invest? Business How do the 1% Invest? By Shayan Ushani - April 1, 2017 80 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Generally speaking, finance is about wealth utilization. This means bringing in many clients and using cash, debt, and other instruments to grow that wealth. In popular indices, hot tech companies, booming private equities, and even just regular equities we see people in the magnitude of thousands or millions coming together to invest. The Walton family had asked neighbors and friends to help funding at the inception of Walmart. What if a single family, like the present day Walton’s, accumulates wealth to such a massive amount that a firm is needed to manage the wealth of ultra-high net worth investors? We get a family office. The Walton’s operate under Walton Enterprise LLC, but other whales are known within the financial community; Icahn, Soros Fund Management (starting as a hedge fund), Marcuard, and Matter. Although HSBC as a company manages the most by numbers, as McNeill, Ph.D. University of California, Berkeley has noted is just shy of $150 billion. There are plenty of benefits to setting up a family office given the multitude of resources. In fact Ascent offers such as a wide array of services that they keep historians and scientists at all times to research genetic vulnerabilities of the family. Other benefits are financial planning, which can be burdensome when the amounts are nine digits and above, budgeting, and governance. JPMorgan and the World Economic Forum have surveyed respondents (75% worth a minimum of $1 billion) to examine the inner workings of these offices. Their data suggests strong correlations   between different offices from Zurich to Los Angeles. Their first data points suggest their focus and the discrepancy between the actual family members and the executive of the office. We see that the biggest spread is with wealth advisory, which is taken primarily by the executive. Additionally, we see that both groups are interested in managing financial assets of the family, and the family members are more interested in concierge and lifestyle services (as is expected). Social impact investing and philanthropy only make 15% and 11% of the family member and the office executive’s focus, the least of all the categories. How they invest may be the most valuable piece of finding JPM produced, showing that the financial elite aim to invest heavily in private equity & real estate. Direct active trading accounts for only 1% of a sole strategy being used. Outsourcing was also rare, although I suspect that will increase. Different family offices differ in size. Most are generally a small amount of employees, we’re not talking 10,000 employees, but rather 1-15. The family office executive is generally rigorously headhunted for, and are usually extremely qualified private bankers or top senior directors at bulge bracket banks, especially at UBS. We see differences in family offices covering one household, versus two-five, and six and more. Generally speaking the greater the number of households the great diversity in services offered. There is an exception to this, that being concierge and lifestyle actually goes down. The biggest increases in services in correlation with the households covered is legal which jumps from 20% to 64% (disputes over family matters may be exasperating this number, as well as the general help of legal counsel for larger families). SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleQuieting NATO; Affirming Commitment Next articleTrump’s new Laptop ban Shayan Ushani RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business Facebook’s Resilience Business Trump’s new Laptop ban Business Salesforce Valuation LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Recent Posts Facebook’s Resilience Business Contributing Author - April 1, 2017 0 Trump’s new Laptop ban Business Contributing Author - April 1, 2017 0 How do the 1% Invest? Business Shayan Ushani - April 1, 2017 0 Quieting NATO; Affirming Commitment News Contributing Author - April 1, 2017 0 The Archway is your one stop location for campus news at Bryant University. Since 1946 we have provided students, faculty, parents and alumni the opportunity to speak out and stay connected. If you are interested in joining the staff please contact Will Tondo (wtondo@bryant.edu) for a list of open opportunities. For help submitting an article, please contact Tim Levene (tlevene@bryant.edu) Contact us: archway@bryant.edu POPULAR POSTS Congressman Cicilline visits Bryant to discuss lowering college debt Campus October 13, 2016 Drake’s Giving Us “More Life” This February Variety February 17, 2017 Five Things to Know About Studying Abroad Study Abroad September 21, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORY Variety72 Opinion63 Sports50 News47 Campus47 Business45 Greek Corner4 Mass Communications3 Study Abroad1 About Us Advertising Submit an Article © The Archway. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Traffic alert Hwy. 520 bridge is closed until 5 a.m. Monday for construction. Business Japanese giant has a taste for Seattle firm Eltana’s bagels Originally published April 1, 2017 at 8:00 am Updated March 31, 2017 at 5:12 pm A variety of wood-fired bagels are displayed at the counter of Eltana’s Capitol Hill location. (Aaron Leitz/Eltanas) Seattle’s Eltana bagel chain has a powerful new ally in Japan. Also, some United 777s are ‘seatless in Seattle’ as Boeing supplier Zodiac lags on delivering luxury seating. And, Starbucks helps an MBA student whose website brings together people of different political views. Share story By Seattle Times staff Seattle Times business staff Eltana, a small chain of four wood-fired bagel shops in Seattle, was thinking of expanding locally and along the West Coast. But apparently, fate had other ideas. Now the Eltana concept is set to make an appearance in Japan, of all places. “It’s curious,” said Stephen Brown, co-founder and president of Seattle-based Eltana. As far as he knows, “there’s no bagel culture in Japan, let alone much of a bread-eating population.” It wasn’t something Eltana sought out. Most Read Stories UW professor: The information war is real, and we’re losing it | Danny Westneat The end is near for Bertha: After nearly 2 miles in 4 years, tunnel machine about to break through The mysterious end of McCormick's in Seattle, plus 13 more restaurant and bar closures Watch: Largest model of Boeing's 787 Dreamliner completes its first flight  WATCH AG sues Tim Eyman for $2M, says he profited from campaigns3-course dinners for $32 starting April 2. But about seven months ago, the company received an email out of the blue, saying that the president of Osaka-based Fujio Food System — which operates about 700 restaurants in Japan and elsewhere — had eaten at an Eltana store while visiting Seattle and had very much enjoyed both the bagels and the ambience, Brown said. Masahira Fujio, president of Fujio, likes bagels and also enjoys trying the local fare when he travels for his business, Natsuko Tokaji, of Fujio’s overseas business-planning division, said in an email. “Always, he enjoys food with (his) five senses and happened to visit Eltana and was fully impressed. He never had such a tasty bagel!” Tokaji said. Fujio wanted to know if Eltana had thought of expanding into Japan. “I said we had never considered that. But thank you,” Brown said. Fujio persisted. The publicly traded company, with more than $300 million in sales, eventually had five representatives visit Seattle to spend time with the Eltana team. Eltana eventually granted Fujio a license — another thing the bagel chain hadn’t thought of doing so early in its development. Now, the plan is to build the first Eltana stores in Osaka and/or Tokyo, possibly by the end of this year. If it’s well-received, Fujio intends to expand Eltana throughout Japan. While Fujio Food System intends to keep Eltana’s core bagel concept, it plans to make some modifications to better suit Japanese tastes, Tokaji said. Launched in 2010 by Brown and Daniel Levin, Eltana has stores on Capitol Hill, in South Lake Union, on Stone Way between Wallingford and Fremont, and in the Seattle Center Armory. Brown declined to disclose sales and profit figures for the privately owned company but said its revenues are a few million dollars a year and that it is “moderately profitable.” Eltana plans to expand along the West Coast in the U.S. In the Puget Sound area, it hopes to open 15 stores, including in Ballard and the Eastside. It’s also exploring opening a site in Los Angeles. — Janet I. Tu: jtu@seattletimes.com Luxury-seat snafus slow United 777s United Airlines faces a new setback in its bid to win back business customers as a supplier’s production snags hinder deliveries of Boeing jetliners outfitted with new luxury seats, Bloomberg News reports. “Short delays” are affecting two 777-300ER aircraft with United’s Polaris luxury interiors, said Megan McCar­thy, a spokeswoman for the airline. United and the plane maker are working with French seatmaker Zodiac Aerospace to expedite shipments, said McCarthy and Doug Alder, a spokesman for Boeing. The stumbles will slow United’s efforts to woo international travelers with a rebranding campaign centered on the Polaris cabins, which offer pod-style suites with Zodiac’s lie-flat berths. Zodiac, which agreed to be acquired by European aerospace firm Safran, has also held back production of Airbus Group’s marquee A350 with delays of seats and lavatories. “It’s not just seatless in Seattle, it’s seatless in Toulouse,” said aviation consultant Robert Mann, referring to the plane makers’ manufacturing hubs and a Tom Hanks movie. “It’s a serious problem and it’s been building.” Even delays of a month or two could hurt Chicago-based United if, after a year of marketing buildup, the airline misses a chance to deploy the brand-new 777s on high-profile routes to Asia during the peak summer travel season, Mann said by phone. “You can only make the most money when you have a product in the market at the right time,” Mann said. “You are talking consequential damages.” Boeing may have to park additional United planes if Zodiac can’t provide the complex seats on schedule. For Boeing and Airbus, receiving lie-flat seats at the right time is crucial because the products can require extensive rewiring, ductwork changes and reinforced cabin floors. When deliveries run late, plane makers may be forced to remove fittings such as galleys and lavatories so the berths can be installed. It’s the latest in a series of production stumbles for Plaisir, France-based Zodiac, which warned last month that fiscal 2017 operating profit would plunge 10 percent. Delays also slowed deliveries of Boeing 787 Dreamliners to customers such as American Airlines over the past two years. At United, Zodiac seats are being installed first on the 777-300ER fleet, then on the carrier’s 787-10 and Airbus A350-1000 jets. Existing 767-300 and 777-200 aircraft also will be retrofitted with the cabins. “We’re not happy, period,” United Chief Executive Officer Oscar Munoz told investors at a JPMorgan Chase event in March. “But rather than just be unhappy, we’ve got people on site with the folks there to make sure that we can expedite and accelerate as much as we can.” Zodiac on March 14 revealed bottlenecks at the Cwmbran, Wales, plant where the Polaris seats are manufactured, as well as problems at U.S. factories that make lavatories for Airbus. The latest production meltdown prompted TCI Fund Management to urge Paris-based Safran to abandon its acquisition of the seatmaker. Zodiac declined to comment on United, a spokeswoman said this past week. The company said in the March 14 statement that the snags in Wales were “generating significant disruptions and delays that are currently being addressed.” The production issues plaguing Zodiac are “probably the worst that the seat-supplier sector has seen in a decade,” said Gary Weissel, managing officer with Tronos Aviation Consulting. The French company has lost market share and sales, and been sued by American for fouling up 787 deliveries — a cost typically borne by the carrier, not the plane maker. Zodiac has struggled to integrate acquisitions and hire an adequate engineering force to design its seats. “Most people don’t understand the complexity of the products, which must also meet rigorous safety and certification standards for federal aviation regulators,” Weissel said. “It’s a combination of engineering, design and artistry all coming together.” — Bloomberg News App seeks to bridge political chasm After the presidential election, it became abundantly clear to Henry Tsai, an MBA student at Harvard Business School, that he and others lived in an echo chamber where they didn’t hear from people with different political perspectives — or, when they did, they ended up fighting. Within a few days, he launched an app designed to address that chasm: Hi From The Other Side, where people who sign up are matched with others holding different political views, in order to have conversations and find common ground. And currently, as an incentive to get people to sign up and converse, Hi From The Other Side is offering a Starbucks gift card for each pair of conversationalists to be matched. Starbucks donated 300 $10 e-gift cards — something it does with many nonprofits — after Tsai contacted the coffee company. “If two strangers are having a conversation and they want to meet up in public, one of the first places they think about is Starbucks,” Tsai said. “Having conversation over a cup of coffee — it make things more friendly.” Tsai’s project, built with technical lead Yasyf Mohamedali, a senior in computer science at MIT, has about 4,500 people signed up and there’s a waiting list. When people join, they say whom they supported in the last election and whom they would like to talk to (for example, an independent might want to talk to a Hillary Clinton supporter, or a Clinton supporter might want to talk to a Donald Trump supporter, and vice versa). They also disclose a little more about themselves, such as what their hopes and dreams were when they were young — details that help make sure those who sign up want to have civil discussions and to help find existing common ground to make better matches, Tsai said. Matches are made using an algorithm. If matches can’t be found locally, the app will try to find someone elsewhere in the country, with participants free to connect by phone or video chats. Hi From The Other Side also provides a conversation guide to get the talks flowing. The feedback has been positive so far, Tsai said. A pair of women in the Bay Area video chatted, and then invited each other to their homes, he said. Others have said that after the initial chat, they agreed to keep emailing and calling each other. To make sure both sides of a matched pair show up to redeem their free Starbucks drinks, the app gives each of the two participants half of the code to redeem the card. Working together to get their free coffee, Tsai said, is also a good way “to just get people to work together, even before having a conversation.” — Janet I. Tu: jtu@seattletimes.com Seattle Times staff Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story LA-Munich flight stops in Iceland to ditch unruly passenger Previous Story Ford recalling 53,000 trucks that can roll away while parked Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Canada April 1, 2017 10:00 am Fake news: How ads for mainstream brands end up in the Web’s dark corners By Patrick Cain National Online Journalist, News  Global News ; A Mississauga-based electronics recycling organization's ads appeared on Breitbart, unbeknownst to them. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Before he murdered nine people at a historically black church in Charleston, S.C. in June of 2015, Dylann Roof posed with a gun in one hand and the Confederate flag in the other. Story continues below Related Fake news: No, strangers can’t find you on Facebook by taking pictures of you on the street Fake news: Why does this simple Google search autosuggest a neo-Nazi site? Ms. World beauty queen says ‘fake news’ site stole her image to create right-wing persona Exciting? Sure. Staged? Maybe. What a grainy video’s murky origins tell us about fake news Fake news: Not just for conservatives any more It wasn’t the only image of Roof with the flag. And in the aftermath of the killings, it seemed to many in the South (and elsewhere) that a symbol of white supremacy, carried first by men who were fighting to defend slavery, then as a symbol of the white backlash against the civil rights movement, then by a white-supremacist mass murderer, shouldn’t be flown by government institutions — or ideally by anybody. Then-president Barack Obama agreed, saying that the Stars and Bars “belongs in a museum.” The flag had flown at South Carolina’s state house since 1961, when the civil rights movement and its opponents were battling over voting rights and segregation. READ: Fake news: Why does this simple Google search autosuggest a neo-Nazi site? Legislators at the time were very clear that it was an unapologetic symbol of white supremacy. “It has been revealed time and time again that advocacy by Communists of social equality among diverse races… is the surest method for the destruction of free governments,” segregationist Sen. Strom Thurmond said at a ceremony at the time. Nowhere in the U.S. Constitution, he added, “does it hint a purpose to ensure equality of man or things.” Ten days after the shootings, activist Bree Newsome, tired of the slow debate about what to do about the flag, scaled the pole and took it down herself:   A few days later, Breitbart News (at the time still run by Steve Bannon, now chief strategist in Donald Trump’s White House) published an angry defence of the Confederate flag and what it stood for — except for that whole awkward slavery business. “The liberals feel they are on a roll, having trashed states’ rights by railroading compulsory acceptance of homosexual marriage through the Supreme Court,” Gerald Warner wrote. “Now, they feel, is the time to airbrush out of history every tradition that is an obstacle to their new, rootless, alien society based on intolerant political correctness. The epitome of everything they detest and fear is the Confederate flag, so that is now the target of a hate campaign so fanatical and irrational as to seem barely sane.” READ: Ms. World beauty queen says ‘fake news’ site stole her image to create right-wing persona It goes on in much the same vein. You can read the piece now if you like — along with an ad for Ontario Electronic Stewardship, a Mississauga, Ont.-based organization that helps recycle used electronics. As you might have guessed, they had no idea where their ads were appearing until we called them. “It’s not a place where we would advertise, if it has any kind of degrading information,” said spokesperson Amy Victoria. “We attempt to put parameters in place to make sure that doesn’t happen. We don’t want to support anything that puts down anyone at all.” “I’d like to be on the phone in a couple of minutes to make some changes.” Victoria said it seemed to be a ‘retargeting ad,’ which follows you from a site you’ve clicked on to appear in other contexts. READ: Exciting? Sure. Staged? Maybe. What a grainy video’s murky origins tell us about fake news “If you’ve been on a site where you were shopping, that shopping site would show up on something else you were reading — maybe Facebook.” Brietbart’s front page, at the time we viewed it, also had a prominent ad for the Royal Botanical Gardens in Burlington, Ont.: “We haven’t encountered that issue,” said RBG spokesperson Nick Kondrat.  “Obviously you don’t want your brand associated with something that doesn’t share the same values as your organization.” In a subsequent e-mail, Kondrat wrote, “We don’t see this as a major issue as reflecting poorly on the RBG brand.” In a 21st-century online ad market based on automated ad-buying, brands often have no idea where they’re advertising. Mostly that’s fine, but often it’s not. The activist group Sleeping Giants has had some success in contacting companies that unwittingly advertise on Breitbart and asking them to boycott the site. (Recently it’s emerged that ads appear regardless on sites that companies meant to boycott — turns out that making a boycott stick is more complex than ad agencies realized.) READ: Fake news: No, strangers can’t find you on Facebook by taking pictures of you on the street On the other hand, U.S. bank JPMorgan Chase, weary of having its ads appear on fake-news sites, cut the number of sites it advertises on from 400,000 to 5,000 that the bank pre-approved after having a thorough look at them first. The bank saw no difference to either the cost of advertising or its results. READ: Fake news: Not just for conservatives any more In fake-news news Fake news has ruined a lot of things, including April Fools — newspapers in Sweden and Norway are skipping it this year, concerned it will damage their credibility. Jim Dowson, a pro-Russian millionaire who has backed far-right causes in Britain for years, says he will turn his Eastern Europe-based online media empire to the cause of Scottish independence. (Confusingly, Dowson is a strong supporter of Northern Ireland staying in the U.K.) “This is a global network that I believed helped elect Donald Trump and backed Brexit to win,” he told The Guardian. “The [Scottish National Party] will hate it that I am involved, but I am not interested in what the SNP says.” Democratic Sen. Mark Warner cited reports this week that 1,000 Russian trolls worked full-time on influencing the U.S. presidential election, focusing on swing states. Warner claimed that the trolls focused on Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania, states Trump won by a small margin. © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error bree newsome Breitbart News Breitbart.com Confederate Flag Fake News Ontario Electronic Stewardship Royal Botanical Gardens Editor's Picks Canada Seeking Asylum: Canada a 'dreamland' for Somalis in Minneapolis Entertainment Watching TV in virtual reality: 5 things you can expect Health Will teens smoke more pot when it's legal? They didn't in this U.S. state Canada Federal budget 2017: Lack of defence spending draws fire Politics How the budget will affect your pocketbook Politics Federal budget 2017 is a plan to train, but not retain, Canadian brains Money U.S. sues Vancouver dual citizen for over $1M for not reporting accounts FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now Best of April Fool’s Day 2017 15697 Canada's cheapest and most expensive cities to rent in 11909 Canada's doors are 'wide open' for criminals to launder money in real estate: report 9818 Deadly measles outbreak spreads in Europe as vaccinations fall 4237 Fox News backs Bill O'Reilly amid reports of $13 million in sexual harassment settlements 2779 Sponsored content Popular Videos Saskatoon cab driver verbally attacked by passenger over his race WATCH NOW Notorious bikers establish new B.C. chapter WATCH NOW Fundraiser for Alberta boy whose body ages faster than normal WATCH NOW Verbal attack by passenger at Saskatoon cab driver over his race WATCH NOW 3-year-old boy gets a speeding ticket in Fort McMurray WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Marathon Petroleum Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Marathon Petroleum Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Takes Position in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Buys Shares of 11,922 Allstate Corp (ALL) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Invests $882,000 in Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Takes Position in Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) Teachers Advisors LLC Purchases 397,746 Shares of Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Teachers Advisors LLC Has $83,367,000 Position in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Kentucky Retirement Systems Buys Shares of 16,273 Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Kentucky Retirement Systems Takes Position in Allstate Corp (ALL) Kentucky Retirement Systems Takes Position in SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Stake Held by High Point Bank & Trust Co. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Has $553,000 Position in Aramark (ARMK) Washington Federal Inc. (WAFD) Position Lowered by USA Financial Portformulas Corp Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc (LTRPA) Shares Sold by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Volkswagen AG (VLKAY) Receives $36.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Tullow Oil Plc (TUWOY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Cheniere Energy, Inc. (LNG) Receives $49.71 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Acquires New Stake in Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (ABG) Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Takes Position in Sealed Air Corp (SEE) 5,000 Shares in Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Acquired by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Perigon Wealth Management LLC Acquires Shares of 9,269 Rexnord Corp (RXN) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Takes Position in Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) April 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund bought a new position in Marathon Petroleum Corp (NYSE:MPC) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm bought 17,089 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $860,000. A number of other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in MPC. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp by 25.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 1,638,730 shares of the company’s stock worth $66,516,000 after buying an additional 329,098 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in Marathon Petroleum Corp by 9.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 16,250,746 shares of the company’s stock worth $659,618,000 after buying an additional 1,456,438 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley raised its position in Marathon Petroleum Corp by 270.2% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 11,984,895 shares of the company’s stock worth $486,467,000 after buying an additional 8,747,283 shares in the last quarter. Cornercap Investment Counsel Inc. purchased a new position in Marathon Petroleum Corp during the fourth quarter worth $3,174,000. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in Marathon Petroleum Corp by 2.0% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 867,934 shares of the company’s stock worth $35,229,000 after buying an additional 17,252 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 78.16% of the company’s stock. Marathon Petroleum Corp (NYSE:MPC) opened at 50.54 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $50.23 and a 200 day moving average of $47.05. Marathon Petroleum Corp has a 52 week low of $32.02 and a 52 week high of $54.59. The stock has a market capitalization of $26.67 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.87 and a beta of 1.74. Marathon Petroleum Corp (NYSE:MPC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.43 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.26 by $0.17. The business earned $17.28 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $14.54 billion. Marathon Petroleum Corp had a net margin of 1.85% and a return on equity of 5.74%. The firm’s revenue was up 10.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.79 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts predict that Marathon Petroleum Corp will post $2.96 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 10th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, February 16th were given a $0.36 dividend. This represents a $1.44 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.85%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, February 14th. Marathon Petroleum Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 65.16%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/01/kentucky-retirement-systems-insurance-trust-fund-takes-position-in-marathon-petroleum-corp-mpc.html. A number of equities analysts have recently weighed in on MPC shares. Jefferies Group LLC cut their price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp from $62.00 to $61.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $46.00 to $57.00 in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $63.00 price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Scotiabank set a $54.00 price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Barclays PLC cut their price objective on shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp from $68.00 to $62.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and three have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $55.54. In related news, Director Charles E. Bunch purchased 2,000 shares of Marathon Petroleum Corp stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 9th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $49.94 per share, with a total value of $99,880.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 8,776 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $438,273.44. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 1.03% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Marathon Petroleum Corp Marathon Petroleum Corporation is engaged in refining, marketing, retail and transportation businesses in the United States and the largest east of the Mississippi. The Company operates through three segments: Refining & Marketing; Speedway; and Midstream. The Refining & Marketing segment refines crude oil and other feedstocks at the Company’s seven refineries in the Gulf Coast and Midwest regions of the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MPC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Marathon Petroleum Corp (NYSE:MPC). Receive News & Ratings for Marathon Petroleum Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Marathon Petroleum Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Takes Position in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Buys Shares of 11,922 Allstate Corp (ALL) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Invests $882,000 in Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Takes Position in Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) Teachers Advisors LLC Purchases 397,746 Shares of Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Teachers Advisors LLC Has $83,367,000 Position in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Kentucky Retirement Systems Buys Shares of 16,273 Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Kentucky Retirement Systems Takes Position in Allstate Corp (ALL) Kentucky Retirement Systems Takes Position in SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Stake Held by High Point Bank & Trust Co. HighPoint Advisor Group LLC Has $553,000 Position in Aramark (ARMK) Washington Federal Inc. (WAFD) Position Lowered by USA Financial Portformulas Corp Liberty Tripadvisor Holdings Inc (LTRPA) Shares Sold by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Volkswagen AG (VLKAY) Receives $36.00 Consensus PT from Analysts Tullow Oil Plc (TUWOY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Cheniere Energy, Inc. (LNG) Receives $49.71 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Acquires New Stake in Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. (ABG) Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Takes Position in Sealed Air Corp (SEE) 5,000 Shares in Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) Acquired by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Perigon Wealth Management LLC Acquires Shares of 9,269 Rexnord Corp (RXN) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Takes Position in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) April 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund acquired a new stake in AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund acquired 13,213 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $920,000. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Lbmc Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of AFLAC by 0.4% in the third quarter. Lbmc Investment Advisors LLC now owns 3,041 shares of the company’s stock worth $219,000 after buying an additional 11 shares in the last quarter. ETRADE Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of AFLAC by 0.5% in the third quarter. ETRADE Capital Management LLC now owns 3,840 shares of the company’s stock worth $276,000 after buying an additional 18 shares in the last quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of AFLAC by 0.5% in the third quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 4,841 shares of the company’s stock worth $345,000 after buying an additional 26 shares in the last quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC increased its position in shares of AFLAC by 0.5% in the third quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC now owns 11,285 shares of the company’s stock worth $811,000 after buying an additional 56 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Sawtooth Solutions LLC increased its position in shares of AFLAC by 1.6% in the third quarter. Sawtooth Solutions LLC now owns 3,665 shares of the company’s stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 56 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 62.45% of the company’s stock. Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) opened at 72.42 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $29.07 billion, a PE ratio of 11.28 and a beta of 1.01. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $71.84 and its 200 day moving average price is $70.81. AFLAC Incorporated has a 52-week low of $62.59 and a 52-week high of $74.50. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $1.46 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.17. AFLAC had a net margin of 11.79% and a return on equity of 13.10%. The business earned $6 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $5.65 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.56 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 12.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that AFLAC Incorporated will post $6.39 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Takes Position in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/01/kentucky-retirement-systems-insurance-trust-fund-takes-position-in-aflac-incorporated-afl.html. A number of research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded AFLAC from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $71.71 to $75.00 in a report on Monday, February 27th. Citigroup Inc assumed coverage on AFLAC in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $73.00 price target on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada downgraded AFLAC from a “sector perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $74.00 to $65.00 in a report on Friday, December 9th. Finally, Evercore ISI upgraded AFLAC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $71.88. In other news, Director Karole Lloyd acquired 2,000 shares of AFLAC stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were bought at an average cost of $68.42 per share, with a total value of $136,840.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 4,441 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $303,853.22. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Barbara K. Rimer sold 1,412 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.00, for a total transaction of $101,664.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 12,852 shares in the company, valued at $925,344. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 51,230 shares of company stock valued at $3,658,987. 3.90% of the stock is owned by insiders. About AFLAC Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AFL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL). Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA SHLD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More BlackBerry (BBRY) pops by 14% early Friday on Q4 earnings beat >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Dividend Stocks > The 7 Best REITs to Buy for Big (And Growing!) Yields Don't just chase high yields when you buy REITs ... make sure those stocks are growing their payouts, too Mar 29, 2017, 8:00 am EDT  |  By Aaron Levitt, InvestorPlace Contributor     View All   Real estate investment trusts (REITs) have been one of the top-performing asset classes of the past few decades, and in fact, the very best one over the past 15 years. Source: Shutterstock These owners of commercial real estate — apartments, office buildings, strip malls and more — offer high yield potential. That’s because to qualify for certain lofty tax benefits, they have to kick out at least 90% of their taxable income in the form of dividends to shareholders. Typically, REITs throw off high yields between 4% and 7%. And as rents have increased over the years, so have REITs’ cash flows, and so have their dividends. Naturally, the demand for these high-yield dividends has helped drive capital gains in REITs, making them a one-two punch of total returns. According to JPMorgan Asset Management, REITs have returned an average of 12% per year from 2000 through mid-2016; “that crushed the No. 2 finisher, high-yield bonds, which returned 7.9%,” the Wall Street Journal reported. However, investors are still woefully underweight in REITs, and they’re also short on understanding. The thing is, many investors chase the sky-high yields in REITs, but don’t pay attention to one thing that has quietly driven many of those returns: increasing dividends. Over time, a smaller yielder that grows its payout robustly will overtake a current high yielder that lets its dividend languish or only polishes it with fractional hikes. The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter So today, we’re looking at seven of the best REITs to buy right now — they yield as much as 8%, and they’re focused on growing those payouts, too. In order of yield … Next Page   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/the-7-best-reits-to-buy-high-yield/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 7 Biggest Land Mines in Your Portfolio Right Now The 10 Best Stocks of the S&P 500 in Q1 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for Q2 3 Blue-Chip Tech Stocks That Will Break Through the Ceiling 10 Cheapest Vanguard Funds to Buy Now 4 Things Apple Stock Owners Should Worry About ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Stocks of the S&P 500 in Q1 3 Blue-Chip Technology Stocks That Will Break Through the Ceiling 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 7 Biggest Land Mines in Your Portfolio Right Now The 10 Cheapest Vanguard Funds on the Market Most Popular 10 Stocks You’d Be Foolish to Buy Right Now 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 7 Biggest Land Mines in Your Portfolio Right Now The 7 Best Stocks to Buy for an Income-Rich Retirement 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in April 3 Hot Tech Stocks You Can Trade for Free Profits Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 April 2017 by Military News Margot Laporte, Attorney, Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP, to Speak at TKG’s FCPA Enforcement Trends and Patterns: Retrospect and Predictions in 2017 Live Webcast Margot Laporte, Attorney, Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP, to Speak at TKG’s FCPA Enforcement Trends and Patterns: Retrospect and Predictions in 2017 Live Webcast New York, NY, April 01, 2017 –(PR.com)– The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused webcasts, has announced today that Margot Laporte, Attorney, Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP will speak at The Knowledge Group’s webcast entitled: “FCPA Enforcement Trends and Patterns: Retrospect and Predictions in 2017.” This event is scheduled for June 8, 2017 from 12:00 PM – 2:00 PM (ET). For further details, please visit: https://www.theknowledgegroup.org/webcasts/legal/white-collar-crime/fcpa-enforcement-trends-and-patterns-retrospect-and-predictions-in-2017-live-webcast About Margot Laporte Margot Laporte focuses her practice on securities regulation and cross-border enforcement matters, including matters involving the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), anti-money laundering laws and regulations, economic sanctions, insider trading and accounting fraud. She also regularly advises global companies and financial institutions with respect to anti-corruption compliance policies, procedures and training, as well as anti-corruption due diligence relating to potential transactions and investments. Ms. Laporte has represented public companies, audit committees, hedge funds, financial institutions and individuals in matters involving U.S. and foreign regulators, including the U.S. Department of Justice, Securities and Exchange Commission, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, as well as the French Autorité des marchés financiers and other foreign regulators. She has represented companies in both internal and regulatory anti-corruption and accounting-related investigations regarding conduct in Africa, Asia, Europe, Latin America and Russia. About Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP: Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP has long been a go-to firm in the fields of cross-border enforcement, government investigations and criminal defense. They have a proven record of navigating difficult regulatory and criminal issues, from high profile investigations, parallel criminal and regulatory proceedings to the latest hot-button international enforcement situations. For 25 years, RK&O has helped clients facing potential scrutiny in multiple jurisdictions and confronting severe civil, criminal and reputational penalties. Their highly skilled team draws on the key attributes of the firm: a renowned white-collar practice, a proficiency in regulatory counseling, an ability to seamlessly manage parallel proceedings and vast cross-border experience. The RK&O team understands the enforcement perspective and can foresee future challenges lurking around the corner. They deeply understand the importance of international cooperation and the complications of regulatory exposure in multiple jurisdictions. Event Synopsis: FCPA enforcement was a top priority in 2016. The Department of Justice (DOJ) and Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) brought the highest number of enforcement actions since the statute’s enactment, with 27 corporate enforcement actions and a total of $6 billion corporate sanctions. Among the highlights from 2016 include the enforcement actions against Odebrecht, VimpelCom, Teva, Och-Ziff, JPMorgan and Embraer. In the same year, the DOJ also announced the FCPA Pilot Program, which aims to encourage self-reporting and cooperation. These heightened enforcement efforts of both DOJ and SEC have continued into 2017. In this live Webcast, a panel of thought leaders and practitioners assembled by The Knowledge Group will discuss the latest FCPA enforcement trends and patterns. The speakers will also review notable enforcement actions from 2016 and how they will impact current and future FCPA compliance practices. Some of the major topics that will be covered in this course are: – FCPA – An Overview – Recent Enforcement Trends – Latest Legal Developments – Impact to FCPA Compliance Practice – Recurring Statutory Issues – Compliance Guidance – DOJ’s FCPA Pilot Program – Yates Memo – Trump’s Impact on FCPA Enforcement – DOJ and SEC’s Priorities for 2017 About The Knowledge Group, LLC/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series The Knowledge Congress was established with the mission to produce unbiased, objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in a highly focused format. To contact or register to an event, please visit: http://theknowledgegroup.org/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Peter Capaldi of „Doctor Who” to Attend Wizard World Comic Con Minneapolis, May 6-7 Next PostNext Global Lyophilization Equipment and Services Market by Products, Services, Growth Trends and Forecast to 2020, New Research by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Posted on 1 April 2017 by Military News Margot Laporte, Attorney, Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP, to Speak at TKG’s FCPA Enforcement Trends and Patterns: Retrospect and Predictions in 2017 Live Webcast Margot Laporte, Attorney, Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP, to Speak at TKG’s FCPA Enforcement Trends and Patterns: Retrospect and Predictions in 2017 Live Webcast New York, NY, April 01, 2017 –(PR.com)– The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused webcasts, has announced today that Margot Laporte, Attorney, Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP will speak at The Knowledge Group’s webcast entitled: “FCPA Enforcement Trends and Patterns: Retrospect and Predictions in 2017.” This event is scheduled for June 8, 2017 from 12:00 PM – 2:00 PM (ET). For further details, please visit: https://www.theknowledgegroup.org/webcasts/legal/white-collar-crime/fcpa-enforcement-trends-and-patterns-retrospect-and-predictions-in-2017-live-webcast About Margot Laporte Margot Laporte focuses her practice on securities regulation and cross-border enforcement matters, including matters involving the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), anti-money laundering laws and regulations, economic sanctions, insider trading and accounting fraud. She also regularly advises global companies and financial institutions with respect to anti-corruption compliance policies, procedures and training, as well as anti-corruption due diligence relating to potential transactions and investments. Ms. Laporte has represented public companies, audit committees, hedge funds, financial institutions and individuals in matters involving U.S. and foreign regulators, including the U.S. Department of Justice, Securities and Exchange Commission, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, as well as the French Autorité des marchés financiers and other foreign regulators. She has represented companies in both internal and regulatory anti-corruption and accounting-related investigations regarding conduct in Africa, Asia, Europe, Latin America and Russia. About Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP: Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP has long been a go-to firm in the fields of cross-border enforcement, government investigations and criminal defense. They have a proven record of navigating difficult regulatory and criminal issues, from high profile investigations, parallel criminal and regulatory proceedings to the latest hot-button international enforcement situations. For 25 years, RK&O has helped clients facing potential scrutiny in multiple jurisdictions and confronting severe civil, criminal and reputational penalties. Their highly skilled team draws on the key attributes of the firm: a renowned white-collar practice, a proficiency in regulatory counseling, an ability to seamlessly manage parallel proceedings and vast cross-border experience. The RK&O team understands the enforcement perspective and can foresee future challenges lurking around the corner. They deeply understand the importance of international cooperation and the complications of regulatory exposure in multiple jurisdictions. Event Synopsis: FCPA enforcement was a top priority in 2016. The Department of Justice (DOJ) and Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) brought the highest number of enforcement actions since the statute’s enactment, with 27 corporate enforcement actions and a total of $6 billion corporate sanctions. Among the highlights from 2016 include the enforcement actions against Odebrecht, VimpelCom, Teva, Och-Ziff, JPMorgan and Embraer. In the same year, the DOJ also announced the FCPA Pilot Program, which aims to encourage self-reporting and cooperation. These heightened enforcement efforts of both DOJ and SEC have continued into 2017. In this live Webcast, a panel of thought leaders and practitioners assembled by The Knowledge Group will discuss the latest FCPA enforcement trends and patterns. The speakers will also review notable enforcement actions from 2016 and how they will impact current and future FCPA compliance practices. Some of the major topics that will be covered in this course are: – FCPA – An Overview – Recent Enforcement Trends – Latest Legal Developments – Impact to FCPA Compliance Practice – Recurring Statutory Issues – Compliance Guidance – DOJ’s FCPA Pilot Program – Yates Memo – Trump’s Impact on FCPA Enforcement – DOJ and SEC’s Priorities for 2017 About The Knowledge Group, LLC/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series The Knowledge Congress was established with the mission to produce unbiased, objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in a highly focused format. To contact or register to an event, please visit: http://theknowledgegroup.org/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Peter Capaldi of „Doctor Who” to Attend Wizard World Comic Con Minneapolis, May 6-7 Next PostNext Global Lyophilization Equipment and Services Market by Products, Services, Growth Trends and Forecast to 2020, New Research by iHealthcareAnalyst, Inc. Search Recent Posts Brazilian Dam Causes Too Much or Too Little Water in Amazon Villages Net Element Reports Full-Year 2016 Financial Results and Provides Business Update Real Madrid C.F. Reaches The 100 Million Likes Mark On Facebook Real Madrid C.F. Reaches The 100 Million Likes Mark On Facebook Net Element Reports Full-Year 2016 Financial Results and Provides Business Update Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Company Overview Contact Info & Offices Press Releases The Knowledge Group Press Release Receive press releases from The Knowledge Group: By Email RSS Feeds: Margot Laporte, Attorney, Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP, to Speak at TKGs FCPA Enforcement Trends and Patterns: Retrospect and Predictions in 2017 Live Webcast New York, NY, April 01, 2017 --(PR.com)-- The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused webcasts, has announced today that Margot Laporte, Attorney, Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP will speak at The Knowledge Group’s webcast entitled: “FCPA Enforcement Trends and Patterns: Retrospect and Predictions in 2017.” This event is scheduled for June 8, 2017 from 12:00 PM - 2:00 PM (ET). For further details, please visit: https://www.theknowledgegroup.org/webcasts/legal/white-collar-crime/fcpa-enforcement-trends-and-patterns-retrospect-and-predictions-in-2017-live-webcast About Margot Laporte Margot Laporte focuses her practice on securities regulation and cross-border enforcement matters, including matters involving the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), anti-money laundering laws and regulations, economic sanctions, insider trading and accounting fraud. She also regularly advises global companies and financial institutions with respect to anti-corruption compliance policies, procedures and training, as well as anti-corruption due diligence relating to potential transactions and investments. Ms. Laporte has represented public companies, audit committees, hedge funds, financial institutions and individuals in matters involving U.S. and foreign regulators, including the U.S. Department of Justice, Securities and Exchange Commission, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, as well as the French Autorité des marchés financiers and other foreign regulators. She has represented companies in both internal and regulatory anti-corruption and accounting-related investigations regarding conduct in Africa, Asia, Europe, Latin America and Russia. About Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP: Richards Kibbe & Orbe LLP has long been a go-to firm in the fields of cross-border enforcement, government investigations and criminal defense. They have a proven record of navigating difficult regulatory and criminal issues, from high profile investigations, parallel criminal and regulatory proceedings to the latest hot-button international enforcement situations. For 25 years, RK&O has helped clients facing potential scrutiny in multiple jurisdictions and confronting severe civil, criminal and reputational penalties. Their highly skilled team draws on the key attributes of the firm: a renowned white-collar practice, a proficiency in regulatory counseling, an ability to seamlessly manage parallel proceedings and vast cross-border experience. The RK&O team understands the enforcement perspective and can foresee future challenges lurking around the corner. They deeply understand the importance of international cooperation and the complications of regulatory exposure in multiple jurisdictions. Event Synopsis: FCPA enforcement was a top priority in 2016. The Department of Justice (DOJ) and Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) brought the highest number of enforcement actions since the statute's enactment, with 27 corporate enforcement actions and a total of $6 billion corporate sanctions. Among the highlights from 2016 include the enforcement actions against Odebrecht, VimpelCom, Teva, Och-Ziff, JPMorgan and Embraer. In the same year, the DOJ also announced the FCPA Pilot Program, which aims to encourage self-reporting and cooperation. These heightened enforcement efforts of both DOJ and SEC have continued into 2017. In this live Webcast, a panel of thought leaders and practitioners assembled by The Knowledge Group will discuss the latest FCPA enforcement trends and patterns. The speakers will also review notable enforcement actions from 2016 and how they will impact current and future FCPA compliance practices. Some of the major topics that will be covered in this course are: - FCPA – An Overview - Recent Enforcement Trends - Latest Legal Developments - Impact to FCPA Compliance Practice - Recurring Statutory Issues - Compliance Guidance - DOJ's FCPA Pilot Program - Yates Memo - Trump’s Impact on FCPA Enforcement - DOJ and SEC's Priorities for 2017 About The Knowledge Group, LLC/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series The Knowledge Congress was established with the mission to produce unbiased, objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in a highly focused format. To contact or register to an event, please visit: http://theknowledgegroup.org/ Contact Information The Knowledge Group Thomas LaPointe, Jr., Executive Director 646-844-0200 Contact www.theknowledgegroup.org Therese Lumbao, Director Account Management & Member Services tlumbao@knowledgecongress.org Click here to view the company profile of The Knowledge Group Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from The Knowledge Group Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sun, Apr 2, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X May pitches United Kingdom into uncharted territory Business Week: houses getting scarcer and dearer, plus bonuses at Paddy Power Betfred Sat, Apr 1, 2017, 06:17 Colin Gleeson Britain embarks on its Brexit jourtney         British prime minister Theresa May formally initiated the UK’s divorce from the EU with the triggering of article 50 on Wednesday, pitching both Britain and the bloc into the undiscovered country. May notified European Council president Donald Tusk in a hand-delivered letter of Britain’s intention to quit the club it joined more than 40 years ago. “The UK is leaving the EU,” she said later. “This is an historic moment from which there can be no turning back.” Tusk made no effort to mask his grief. “We already miss you,” he lamented in a tweet, pinned to the top of his Twitter page. In remarks that followed May’s letter, he said there was “no reason to pretend this is a happy day neither in Brussels, nor in London”. “After all,” he added, “most Europeans, including almost half the British voters, wish that we would stay together, not drift apart. As for me I will not pretend that I am happy today.” But, happy or not, as May said, there can be no turning back. Now begins the trying task of negotiating a deal that will do the least damage to all concerned. First on the agenda is the UK’s bill for leaving, which will be at least €25.4 billion, according to a think tank. An analysis by Bruegel concluded the final tally is unlikely to reach the €60 billion quoted by senior EU officials. It said the bill will range between €25.4 billion and €65.1 billion depending on the calculation method used, but it’s likely to be at the lower end. However, almost one in five debt investors globally said they feared the UK would end the divorce talks without any deal, according to a survey carried out by Fitch, the credit ratings firm. Indeed, there is evidence of trepidation. IPOs (Initial public offerings) by companies based in Britain have raised €1.41 billion so far in 2017, which is a 28 per cent decline on last year and the lowest year-to-date total since 2012. Separately, 40 European business lobbies representing companies in 34 countries issued a statement calling for a post-Brexit settlement to preserve the integrity of the single market, deliver a smooth transition and avoid creating “unnecessary” obstacles to trade and investment. Worst case scenario There were warnings abound for Irish interests also, as PricewaterhouseCoopers said businesses in the Republic should plan for the worst. Namely, the absence of a trade deal for the UK. “At this stage, it is likely that World Trade Organisation rules will kick in to govern the future EU-UK trading relationship,” said managing partner Feargal O’Rourke. Business lobby Ibec said an “assertive national effort” was required to avoid the “very real risk of a divisive, damaging Brexit divorce”, especially one that would see the UK exit the EU with no trade deal in place. The Irish Tourist Industry said the impact of Brexit was already damaging tourism. “The three-month trend from Britain [in visitor numbers to Ireland] shows a decline of 6 per cent but, looking at February alone, there is a very worrying decline of 22 per cent,” said chairman Paul Gallagher. Irish chief executives were unanimous in viewing Brexit as a strategic error for the UK that will have negative consequences for the Republic. Pat McCann of hotel group Dalata described it as “madness” while FBD head Fiona Muldoon said it was “a real shame”. The good cheer really was in short supply as Lloyd’s of London, the world’s largest specialty insurer, said it was choosing Brussels over Dublin for its EU subsidiary because of its strong regulatory framework. “Brussels met the critical elements of providing a robust regulatory framework in a central European location, and will enable Lloyd’s to continue to provide specialist underwriting expertise to our customers,” chief executive Inga Beale said. There was better news in relation to JPMorgan Chase, which is in talks to buy a Dublin office building. The lender is negotiating the potential purchase of a building in Dublin’s Capital Dock that would be big enough to house more than 1,000 workers. The Central Bank is continuing its preparations for a possible influx, setting up new teams to deal with Brexit-related authorisation queries across banking, insurance, investment firms, investment funds and financial market infrastructures. House prices There were further indicators this week that houses are becoming scarcer and more expensive. The latest survey from Real Estate Alliance showed the average cost of a three-bed semi-detached home in Dublin has risen by €15,000, or 3.9 per cent, to €404,167 in the last three months. The increase was linked to the Central Bank’s recent decision to ease its mortgage-lending rules, which “has had an immediate effect on the market with a large rise in numbers at viewings and potential buyers with mortgage financing”. Overall, it said the average house price across the country has risen by 10.9 per cent over the past 12 months – a marked increase on the 7.7 per cent rise registered to the end of December 2016. On the supply side, the Real Estate Alliance noted that it “remains extremely limited”, while Sherry FitzGerald, singing from the same hymn sheet, said the number of houses for sale in the Republic has declined 17 per cent to 22,100 year-on-year in January. The company said the reduction marked a new low in the number of houses available for sale throughout the State, with the figure equating to just 1.2 per cent of the total private housing stock across the country. In Dublin, the reduction in supply was even more pronounced, with just 2,800 properties advertised for sale in January, down 30 per cent year on year. Supply levels in Dublin have declined by 43 per cent since January 2010. Separately, growth in the number of people who have obtained mortgage approval rocketed by 42 per cent in the year to February, driven by first-time buyers looking to benefit from looser mortgage lending rules and the Government’s Help to Buy scheme. The number of mortgage approvals rose to 2,840 in February, up from 1,996 a year earlier, but down from 3,055 in January. The value of approvals was up by 54 per cent to €585 million from €379 million a year earlier. The Banking and Payments Federation said first-time buyers were driving the growth, accounting for one in two of every mortgage approved in the month. The number of first-time buyer applications also grew strongly, up 50 per cent on the year. Bonus territory In other news, Paddy Power Betfair chief executive Breon Corcoran can afford to have a flutter himself as it emerged he received a £798,000 (€926,143) bonus last year. The group’s annual report shows that Corcoran, who took over as head of the merged entity in February 2016, was paid £1.6 million in remuneration in 2016. This included a basic salary totalling £642,000, £19,000 in benefits and £96,000 in pension payments. It gets even better for Corcoran, previously a Paddy Power executive, who is to see his salary rise by 2 per cent this year to €714,000, from €700,000. This includes a payment for his role as a director of the group.       Topics: Donald Tusk Pat Mccann Theresa May Eu European Council Irish Business and Employers Confederation World Trade Organisation Dalata Fitch Lloyds of London PriceWaterhouseCoopers Sherry FitzGerald Read More Brexit: 50 things Ireland needs to know Bank of Ireland to shrink number of shares by 97% Brexit: the charge of the Right brigade INM row recalls O’Brien’s crusade on corporate governance Eurozone inflation plunge may vindicate Draghi Visa Europe suffers three-day outage at settlement system  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Technology multinationals boost VAT take by up to €350m Economy Brexit: the charge of the Right brigade Irish News Rescue 116 crash: ‘No mechanical anomalies’ in analysis of black box European Cup Thomond Park roars as four-try Munster rout Toulouse Sponsored Advice for Irish companies preparing for Brexit? Act now Voyage into Heaney country at HomePlace, Northern Ireland’s latest cultural magnet Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Who are the ‘Leaders of Tomorrow’? Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business RTÉ television controller shimmies through the squeeze 11:00 Microsoft Ireland reports pre-tax profits of almost €1bn 10:19 Irish agriculture the least climate-efficient in Europe, study finds 1 Apr Technology multinationals boost VAT take by up to €350m 1 Apr Government expected to decide on AIB flotation after French vote 1 Apr Most Read in Business 1 Jackie Lavin sues Bill Cullen over Muckross home 2 Trump targets Ireland’s ‘chronic’ trade surplus with US 3 Brexit: 50 things Ireland needs to know 4 Dutch courage: Japanese banks move into Amsterdam 5 Bombardier executives’ pay up $33m as over 1,000 laid off in Belfast 6 Irish agriculture the least climate-efficient in Europe, study finds 7 Brexit: the charge of the Right brigade 8 Government expected to decide on AIB flotation after French vote 9 Triggering of Brexit a tragedy for EU and Britain 10 For the Beeb, the death of Queen Elizabeth will be no joke Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sun 2/4/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Saturday, April 1, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Carbon court news Friday, March 31, 2017 Bills owed R.F. Ohl Fuel Oil Inc., 400 Interchange Road, Lehighton, filed three actions against individuals it alleges owe bills for services provided. The defendants and amounts sought are: James and Leanne Huffman, 25 Call Mountain Circle, Lehighton, $3,086.97; Dawn Siewert, 410 State Road, Palmerton, $1,215.84; and Jeanette Prutzman, 103 Gower Road, Albrightsville, $1,782.71. Credit defaults The following actions were filed by credit card companies, or their collection agencies, for alleged defaults on credit card/loan accounts. Capital One Bank, Glen Allen, Virginia, filed two actions as follows: Cayse Charron, 3215 Hemlock St., Palmerton, seeking $1,575; and Robert Strohl, 123A S. First St., Lehighton, seeking $11,250.16. Cavalry SPV I, Valhalla, New York, filed two actions as follows: Steven M. Roberti Jr., 320 North St., Jim Thorpe, seeking $2,745.92; and Robert Burzynski, 118 Gower Road, Albrightsville, seeking $11,785.89. Midland Funding, Horsham, filed two actions as follows: Erica Ferrell, 34 Berry Lane, Jim Thorpe, seeking $1,385.80; and Sheenaeli Mantilla, 138 Gower Road, Albrightsville, seeking $1,781.85. Discover Bank, Pittsburgh, filed two actions as follows: Jonathan Zaremba, 72 Jefferson St., Weatherly, seeking $3,105.37; and Jeremy K. Sommers, 212 W. Hazard St., Summit Hill, seeking $6,201.25. Mortgage foreclosures The following actions were filed as mortgage foreclosures for alleged defaults on loans. Pacific Union Financial, c/o 1603 LBJ Freeway, Farmers Branch, Texas, filed against Jay B. and Amy L. Jones, 944 Norman St., Weatherly, over property at that address. Sought is $185,159.08 and continuing interest. Valley National Bank, c/o 1720 Route 23 North, Wayne, New Jersey, filed against Robert M. Rehnert, 274 Indian Hill Road, Lehighton (Franklin Township), over property at that address. Sought is $47,046.54 and continuing interest. JPMorgan Chase Bank, c/o 3415 Vision Drive, Columbus, Ohio, filed against Joan Gorman, 780 Mauch Chunk Road, Palmerton, over property at that address. Sought is $71,675.80 and continuing interest. Suit for damages A Carbon County saloon has been sued for negligence for allegedly providing alcohol to a visibly intoxicated person, who was later involved in an crash that seriously injured his passenger — the plaintiff in the suit. Brian Karlick, of 617 Ore St., Palmerton, has filed the civil action against 2008 River Walck Saloon, LLC, doing business as Riverwalck Saloon, 101 Center St., Parryville; and Allen D. Miller Jr., 653 Main St., Apt. 3, Slatington. The suit states on Oct. 6 and 7, the defendant Riverwalck, through an employee, served Miller alcohol while he was visibly intoxicated, which is a violation of state law and the defendants’ liquor license issued by the state. The suit alleges that employees of the defendant firm encouraged Miller to consume shots of liquor giving some of them for free. At the time of the incident, the suit alleges, Miller was a ‘habitual drunkard.” The suit further alleges that Miller then left the saloon around 2:49 a.m. with Karlick as a passenger in a Chevrolet Malibu, He drove north on Forest Inn Road in Lower Towamensing Township. Miller lost control of the vehicle while negotiating a curve with the Malibu leaving the road and striking a tree on the passenger side, then continued on and struck a second tree with the front end, where it came to rest. Miller then fled the scene leaving Karlick, who the suit states was seriously injured, without getting any help. Miller was later located by police, the suit notes. The suit alleges that Karlick sustained “severe and permanent” personal injuries, “including but not limited to, above the elbow amputation of the right arm and multiple surgeries.” The action alleges negligence against the defendants for the injuries Karlick sustained, which are more detailed in the suit. Sought are damages in excess of $50,000 on each of two counts. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TTM Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Stake Lowered by Macquarie Group Ltd. New Century Investment Management Inc. Cuts Stake in EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. New Century Investment Management Inc. Invests $1,352,000 in Lincoln National Co. (LNC) New Century Investment Management Inc. Has $1,352,000 Stake in Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) New Century Investment Management Inc. Sells 21,948 Shares of TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Halliburton Company (HAL) Position Cut by Macquarie Group Ltd. Traders Sell Shares of Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) on Strength After Insider Selling Touchstone Exploration Inc (TXP) Director Purchases C$15,000.00 in Stock Ezra Gardner Buys 1,900 Shares of Fortress Paper Ltd. (FTP) Stock AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Major Shareholder Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Toro Co (TTC) Director Sells 3,048 Shares of Stock Paul M. Silva Sells 1,688 Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Stock Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Director Ruth Ann Marshall Sells 6,046 Shares Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Dow Chemical (DOW) Jeffrey Chodakewitz Sells 13,750 Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Stock Michael Cunningham Sells 9,000 Shares of Red Hat Inc (RHT) Stock Joseph J. Deangelo Sells 600,000 Shares of HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) Stock New Century Investment Management Inc. Sells 21,948 Shares of TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet New Century Investment Management Inc. lowered its stake in TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI) by 20.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 87,868 shares of the company’s stock after selling 21,948 shares during the period. TTM Technologies makes up about 1.7% of New Century Investment Management Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 18th largest position. New Century Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in TTM Technologies were worth $1,198,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of TTMI. MSI Financial Services Inc acquired a new position in TTM Technologies during the third quarter valued at approximately $103,000. Oberweis Asset Management Inc. acquired a new position in TTM Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $138,000. Airain ltd acquired a new position in TTM Technologies during the third quarter valued at approximately $151,000. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan increased its position in TTM Technologies by 1.1% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 14,490 shares of the company’s stock valued at $166,000 after buying an additional 160 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Crow Point Partners LLC acquired a new position in TTM Technologies during the third quarter valued at approximately $169,000. 80.99% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI) traded down 0.62% during trading on Friday, reaching $16.13. 887,326 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $16.29 and a 200-day moving average price of $13.95. TTM Technologies, Inc. has a 12 month low of $6.22 and a 12 month high of $17.86. The firm has a market cap of $1.62 billion, a PE ratio of 47.44 and a beta of 1.39. TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.45 by $0.13. The company had revenue of $706.50 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $671.57 million. TTM Technologies had a net margin of 1.38% and a return on equity of 15.90%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 5.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.31 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that TTM Technologies, Inc. will post $1.60 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “New Century Investment Management Inc. Sells 21,948 Shares of TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/new-century-investment-management-inc-sells-21948-shares-of-ttm-technologies-inc-ttmi.html. Several equities analysts have commented on TTMI shares. Stifel Nicolaus increased their target price on shares of TTM Technologies from $15.00 to $17.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Needham & Company LLC increased their target price on shares of TTM Technologies from $14.00 to $18.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. TheStreet downgraded shares of TTM Technologies from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of TTM Technologies from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of TTM Technologies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $18.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Friday, February 17th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. TTM Technologies currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $18.25. In related news, major shareholder Hsiang Chien Tang sold 4,000,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.70, for a total value of $62,800,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Kenton K. Alder sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $14.56, for a total transaction of $43,680.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 4,140,348 shares of company stock worth $65,079,738. Insiders own 28.40% of the company’s stock. TTM Technologies Company Profile TTM Technologies, Inc is a manufacturer of printed circuit board (PCB) products and is focused on technologically advanced PCBs and electro-mechanical solutions (E-M Solutions). As of January 2, 2017, the Company operated a total of 25 specialized facilities in North America and China. The Company’s segments include PCB, E-M Solutions and Corporate. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TTMI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI). Receive News & Ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Li & Fung’s latest attempt at reinvention latches on technology  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business INTERNATIONAL TRADE Li & Fung Li & Fung Li & Fung’s latest attempt at reinvention latches on technology CEO Spencer Fung this week unveiled a US$150 million, three-year plan to invest in IT for leading the company’s transformation. PUBLISHED : Saturday, 01 April, 2017, 8:00am UPDATED : Saturday, 01 April, 2017, 8:00am Comments:   Eric Ng eric.mpng@scmp.com http://twitter.com/EricNgSCMP Share PrintEmail Related topics Li & Fung Trade More on this story Companies Doubts rise over Li & Fung future 9 Feb 2013 Downturn erodes Li & Fung earnings 15 Aug 2012 Investors shun Li & Fung shares 1 Jul 2011 Companies Investors turn bullish on Li & Fung after makeover 3 Mar 2014 Li & Fung answers the doubters 23 Jun 2011 Related Articles Business How four generations left their mark in Li & Fung 1 Apr 2017 Companies Li & Fung needs to focus on its core businesses - and get rid of the rest 4 Apr 2014 Companies Investors turn bullish on Li & Fung after makeover 3 Mar 2014 Li & Fung is trying to reinvent itself for the eighth time in 24 years. The company, the world’s largest sourcing agent for Wal-Mart Stores and Macy’s, will fully embrace information technology -- which has already upended its century-old role as the quintessential middle person between producers and consumers -- and is investing heavily to transform its business. The transformation was given extra urgency this week, when chief operating officer Spencer Fung delivered Li & Fung’s third consecutive year of profit decline, missing analysts’ estimates with a 24 per cent slump. Core operating profit tumbled 44 per cent over three years while the profit margin narrowed by 1.4 percentage point to 2.5 per cent. “This has been one of the toughest trading environments Li & Fung has ever seen,” Fung said. Li & Fung’s 2016 revenue fell for the third year, declining 11 per cent to US$16.8 billion, the lowest since 2009. The only bright spot in its results was the logistics business, which reported a 15.5 per cent growth in core operating profit, where the profit margin widened to 6.7 per cent due to rising e-commerce demand and expansions into the Japanese and South Korean markets. Even so, depressed global freight rates and unfavourable currency movements meant the logistics operation failed to meet its goal of doubling its US dollar profit in the three years to last year. Decline in sourcing and trading profit was to a small extent offset by higher earnings from Li & Fung’s growing services business where it helps factories cut material and finance costs, move to cheaper locations and comply with increasingly stringent health and safety rules. Li & Fung was founded in Guangzhou in 1906 by Fung’s great grandfather. For more than a century, the company grew and prospered through its role as broker, facilitating trade and manufacturing between the mainland Chinese hinterland with the rest of the world. The advent of the internet and e-commerce have dealt a severe blow to the company’s business, as customers and producers can now reach each other directly. To reverse its fortunes, the company proposed a new three-year plan, after meeting its sales and profit goals in four of eight three-year plans made since 1993. It’s fallen to Fung, 43, to turn things around. The Harvard University graduate took over the reins of the company as chief executive in 2014. Fung this week announced a three-year, US$150 million plan to invest in information technology hardware and software, and to hire people who can use them, as the firm seeks to create “the supply chain of the future.” The key plank of the strategy is to bring its semi-digital operation to full digitisation, from product development, material costing, sampling, manufacturing and logistics. “A digital supply chain is essential to service a highly digitalised marketplace,” Fung said. Fung’s plan aims to halve the time it takes for products to move from concept to deliver to 21 weeks by 2019, from the current 40 weeks. That helps retailers better adjust to customers’ changing preferences and shopping behaviour more quickly, and help them compete with the online shopping platforms. This involves “rapid prototyping” by using “virtual sampling” and “digital showroom” technology to cut the time needed to design, make, and seek approvals for product samples. With Li & Fung’s huge international footprint and annual turnover, it a very large ship to steer. “What used to take weeks and days can now be done in a matter of hours. There are new technologies available today for old economy companies to take advantage of,” Fung said. “The world is moving faster and faster; how we can move as fast as a startup” is the challenge, he said. Not only is speed key to turning around Li & Fung’s sagging profits, the vast quantity of data at its disposal is also important for making its supply chain more efficient, cheaper and better able to help customers differentiate their products. Still, not everybody is convinced the new plan could bring a turnaround any time soon. Li & Fung’s shares fell in the two days after its results and its business plan, trading recently near a 14-year low of HK$3.30. Only one analyst out of 13 covering the company is recommending investors “buy” the stock. “We are not yet convinced that the speed and innovation will be able to pull up sales growth notably,” said JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Ebru Kurumlu, the lead analyst in a report with a “neutral” recommendation on the stock, and a projection that the annual operating profit growth will only average 6 per cent over three years. To realise the ambitious goals, Li & Fung also needs a change in mindset for the company’s 22,000 employees, according to Fung. The company used to offer its “solutions to retailers and brand owners who have little knowledge about products and supply chain” in the last 100 years, he said. “Now, our approach is: what is the business model that you want, and how can we help? We can also use this approach with our bigger customers in future.” While the Hang Seng Index has gained almost 10 per cent this year, Li & Fung’s shares have fallen 1 per cent. It was dropped as one of the 50 constituents of Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Stock Index, losing the position it’s held since 2000. Some analysts don’t see any quick fixes to the company’s challenges, even if they agree with its strategic direction, especially since it requires upfront investments that can only be paid off in future years. “We share Li & Fung’s view on the growing importance of speed to market. However, macro and industry challenges will weigh on its earnings outlook,” said Deutsche Bank analysts Anne Ling and John Chou, who forecast 2.7 per cent compound average growth on its core operating profits until 2019.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Cathay Pacific aims for HK$4 billion in cuts over three years 2 Li & Fung’s latest attempt at reinvention bets on technology 3 How four generations left their mark in Li & Fung 4 Job cuts at China’s Big Four banks 5 Hong Kong’s February home price index rises to a record Shared 1 Cathay Pacific aims for HK$4 billion in cuts over three years 2 How four generations left their mark in Li & Fung 3 Li & Fung’s latest attempt at reinvention bets on technology 4 How many ways did North Korea get away with murder? 5 China is on the path to global technology dominance Commented 1 Cathay Pacific aims for HK$4 billion in cuts over three years 2 Rise of the 215 sq ft home as Hong Kong price boom squeezes buyers 3 Racist attacks in India give China the edge in Africa 4 Thousands of polluters in China caught faking emissions data 5 Consuming shark’s fin soup like ‘eating a panda’       You may also like Society The Indonesian child maids of Hong Kong, Singapore 26 Mar 2017 - 12:36am 12 Your partner in the cloud In partnership with: Alibaba Cloud Opinion Why a Beijing-Taipei conflict would be lose-lose on all levels 25 Mar 2017 - 6:34pm 34 Style A. Lange & Söhne displays masterpiece 27 Mar 2017 - 12:44pm Politics John Tsang: popular with the people, not with the voters 29 Mar 2017 - 12:15am 25 Politics How Hong Kong’s Carrie Lam went from protester to leader in waiting 25 Mar 2017 - 2:34pm 11 Hong Kong Escalator going ‘twice as fast’: witnesses relive mall accident that injured 18 26 Mar 2017 - 7:21pm 28 News Teenage Singaporean blogger Amos Yee granted asylum in U.S. 25 Mar 2017 - 11:29pm 127 World Chinese elders’ Canada immigration bids bog down in Hong Kong 23 Mar 2017 - 12:58pm 27 China Chinese soccer fans flock to the streets after surprise win over South Korea 24 Mar 2017 - 8:41am 22 China 300 flights axed as Beijing airport shuts runway for repairs 23 Mar 2017 - 11:40pm China Hong Kong hopes for boom from AIIB club 24 Mar 2017 - 12:00am 11 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 April 2017 by Military News John Chen Joins Houses ATL’s Board of Directors *Adds Growth and Operational Expertise *Houses ATL announces 300% month over month revenue growth *Houses ATL strengthens sales team with the addition of 11 new agents in past month Atlanta, Georgia – March 31, 2017 – Houses ATL, Atlanta’s leading independent residential real estate brokerage and investment firm, today announced that John L. Chen, founding Chief Financial Officer of MoPub Inc., has joined the board of directors of Houses ATL. “John has a wealth of experience in growing and scaling companies from scratch” said Jamie Cutter, founder and CEO of Houses ATL. “From our initial meeting, John has provided helpful and thoughtful insight and advice. I look forward to our continued partnership, and I’m confident that John is going to make a positive impact on our company as a member of our board of directors as we continue to gain market share.” “I am thrilled to have John join Houses ATL as a member of the board of directors” adds Chris Simpson, Managing Broker of Houses ATL. “I look forward to the assistance that John brings to our team as we continue to grow.” “It’s been exciting to watch Jamie and his talented team grow Houses ATL’s real estate brokerage and investment business,” said John Chen. “The Atlanta metropolitan area has excellent demographic characteristics, a strong growth profile, and provides an excellent base of operations in the Southeastern United States. Jamie has been able to assemble a world-class team of not only real estate professionals, but also leaders in technology and business. I am particularly impressed with Houses ATL’s approach in incorporating data and technology to innovate in the real estate industry, and I look forward to assisting Jamie and his team in realizing their vision.” John Chen graduated with honors from Yale University with a BA in Economics. John began his career as an investment banker with UBS Investment Bank in New York City with a focus on technology. At UBS, John advised and arranged financing for the $4.5 billion acquisition of Travelport by Blackstone, the $1.4 billion sale of Atlanta-based Worldspan to Travelport, and the $700 million initial public offering of Orbitz Worldwide. After UBS, John joined Vector Capital, a San Francisco-based private equity firm with $3.3 billion in capital under management, specializing in transformational investments in established technology businesses. John subsequently joined Google, Inc. and focused on helping Google grow and manage business units at scale. After Google, John served as the founding Chief Financial Officer of MoPub, Inc, a San Francisco and New York City based technology company. Under John’s leadership, MoPub expanded headcount from 10 to over 100 worldwide as revenue grew from pre-revenue to over $100 million in revenue while achieving EBITDA profitability. John assisted in raising 3 rounds of equity capital totalling $20 million and negotiated the acquisition of MoPub by Twitter for $350 million. John is a guest speaker and contributor to the Yale Entrepreneurs and Investors Network. John also actively volunteers with Telluride Association – a Cornell University based nonprofit organization that creates and fosters educational communities that teach leadership and service through democratic participation. About Houses ATL Houses ATL is Atlanta’s leading independent full service discount real estate brokerage and investment firm serving all of metropolitan Atlanta. Led by founder and CEO, Jamie Cutter, Houses ATL has grown revenue over 300% month over month by focusing on providing exceptional service to residential real estate buyers and sellers across the price point spectrum. The team currently has over twenty licensed real estate agents and anticipates doubling by the end of 2017. The company has more than two decades of experience in real estate, not only as brokers but also as principal investors in both residential and commercial markets. Houses ATL has been recognized numerous times by Zillow, Inc. as the top premier agent in metro Atlanta. In addition, Houses ATL has garnered the highest customer satisfaction ratings in the industry on several platforms, including a perfect 5 star rating on Zillow. Houses ATL prides itself in innovation in the real estate industry, investing heavily in both front office and back office technologies in order to assist real estate agents in the field, ultimately strengthening the customer experience. The investment in technology provides financial efficiencies which allows the company to pass the savings on to the customer in the form of reduced seller commissions and a buyer’s reward program. Houses ATL has one of the largest real estate investment portfolios of its brokerage peers in metro Atlanta, owning and managing more than 50 single family homes, several commercial properties and a large residential development project located in Fulton County, Georgia near the Hartsfield Jackson Atlanta Airport. A crown jewel of the company’s commercial holdings is an office building located near the new Atlanta Braves stadium, SunTrust Park. Houses ATL is a member of the Atlanta Board of Realtors, the Cobb Association of Realtors and the Smyrna Business Association. Houses ATL is located at 860 Concord Rd SE, Smyrna, GA 30080. For more information, visit http://www.housesatl.com/ or call (678) 720-8080. About Jamie Cutter Jamie Cutter is a successful entrepreneur and real estate investor. A native South Carolinian, Jamie graduated from Clemson University and later obtained his MBA from Mercer University in Atlanta, Georgia where he currently resides. Jamie began his career as a commercial banker and worked with Wachovia, JPMorgan Chase and SunTrust, where he consistently ranked in the top 5% of sales production company-wide. After a successful six year stint, Jamie decided to pursue his entrepreneurial calling. With over a decade of experience and over one hundred principal real estate transactions in his portfolio, Jamie is determined to grow the brokerage division of Houses ATL. Outside of real estate, Jamie is currently in the process of creating a non-profit organization as a way to give back for all that he’s been blessed with. Jamie enjoys staying active, writing songs and volunteering in community events around Atlanta. Media Contact Company Name: Houses ATL Contact Person: Joe Nichols Email: joe@housesatl.com Phone: 678-720-8080 Country: United States Website: http://housesatl.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Employment, Personal Finance, Real Estate, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 60X Custom Strings Announces Recent Expansion Next PostNext Tenaris presenta Reporte Anual 2016 y convoca a Asamblea General Anual de Accionistas Search Recent Posts Jared Mees Wins Opening Rounds of 2017 race season with Support from E-Z UP Instant Shelters Statement by Federica Mogherini and Commissioner Christos Stylianides following the landslides in Colombia Thrilling NHRA Four-Wide Nationals Returns to zMax Dragway for One-of-a-Kind NHRA Mello Yello Grad Racing Series Event Google News – satPRnews 2017-04-02 00:43:52 Brazilian Dam Causes Too Much or Too Little Water in Amazon Villages Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Firstpost . Sunday, April 02, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics There is no such thing as a BJP moderate and short-sighted media must see that sooner than later An EVM that would just vote for BJP? Oppn goes berserk after media reports, demands poll by ballet paper Arvind Kejriwal demands inquiry into 'defective' EVMs that just votes for BJP Defamation case: Kejriwal exempted from appearance for a day in Delhi court UP CM Adityanath's 'surya namaskar' remark is to befool Muslims: AIMIM chief Asaduddin Owaisi Gujarat cow slaughter law: Manifestation of the inner struggle our founding fathers chose to ignore Sports IPL 2017: From Mohammed Siraj to Rovman Powell, a look at newcomers who could make it big this season India Open 2017, PV Sindhu vs Carolina Marin: When and where to watch, coverage on TV and live streaming Miami Open: Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal set up another intriguing chapter of their enduring rivalry West Indies vs Pakistan: Evin Lewis slams hurricane 91 to help hosts gain foothold in series La Liga roundup: Atletico Madrid brush aside Malaga to usurp 3rd spot from Sevilla; Villarreal stunned Miami Open: Johanna Konta defeats Caroline Wozniacki to clinch biggest title of her career India Hyderabadi Biryani declared India's national dish: Foodies, rejoice! Jammu and Kashmir bypolls: Police carry out raids ahead of elections, arrest stone pelters Pakistan's mind games in Kashmir need a bold reply at the ground level in the state Kashmir: Junior Commissioned Officer killed in IED blast along LoC in Poonch Chelsea suffer shock loss, Spurs win, Liverpool beat Everton | Reuters Will hang those guilty of cow slaughter, says Chattisgarh CM Raman Singh World Bob Dylan finally accepts his Nobel Prize in Stockholm, reports Swedish media April Fool's Day marchers in New York elect Donald Trump as 'King of Fools' Colombia mudslide, flooding kill 254 in midnight deluge | Reuters Colombia landslide kills 154 on city outskirts, scores injured | Reuters Soviet poet Yevtushenko dies in USA - TASS | Reuters South Africa's new finance minister beats reform drum amid Gordhan fallout | Reuters Business In its biggest crackdown on shell companies, ED raids 300 firms in over 100 loations across 16 states Unitech's Sanjay Chandra arrested: Why it's a wake-up call for industry associations Income Tax: 12 changes that kick in today; here's our tax calculator to help you out Harish Bhat's 2nd book: With digital media, consumers want to have dialogue with brands Unitech MD Sanjay Chandra, brother Naresh arrested for money laundering Petrol prices are down around Rs 5 and diesel around Rs 3.5: Price table for metros Life Facebook's stories feature proves Mark Zuckerberg is the Pritam of Silicon Valley ISRO: A Personal History offers a compelling glimpse into the early days of the premier space agency A digital literacy initiative is helping improve the lives of women in Uttar Pradesh's villages Kal Ka Superstar: Noor Hasan, all of 17, is the next rap star to emerge out of Dharavi April Fool's Day: The top five pranks that you need to know about Poorna Malavath: 'My reason for climbing Mt Everest was to prove girls can achieve anything' Entertainment Life, and why we're fascinated with science fiction films that present aliens as a threat Goldspot’s Siddhartha Khosla: Nobody would've thought of an Indian American writing a Motown song Regal Cinema closure: Is there a lesson in the way Delhi's iconic theatre's last day played out? Bob Dylan's Triplicate is his third tribute to old classic American songs: Read the review What drives juvenile delinquency? This is the question at the heart of the film, Dhuusar Ghost in the Shell: Before the movie, how the manga and anime reinvented cyberpunk fiction Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी You are here: Latest News World News Giuliani sought to end prosecution of Turk in Iran sanctions case | Reuters Giuliani sought to end prosecution of Turk in Iran sanctions case | Reuters ReutersApr, 01 2017 05:30:07 IST #Reuters Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani went to Turkey to meet with the country's president and sought meetings with U.S. government officials in an attempt to end U.S. prosecution of a wealthy Turkish gold trader charged with conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran, Manhattan federal prosecutors said.The moves were disclosed in a letter on Friday to U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, who is overseeing the case in which the trader, Reza Zarrab, is accused of conspiring with others to conduct illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran's government and other Iranian entities. The letter marks the latest attempt by Manhattan federal prosecutors to raise questions about the role of Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey in representing Zarrab. Zarrab allegedly victimized at least eight large banks which are current or former clients of Giuliani and Mukasey's law firms, raising potential conflicts of interest. Giuliani and Mukasey "are trying to play a critical - rather than their claimed 'ancillary' - role in this proceeding," acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim in Manhattan said in the letter. "Mr. Guiliani and Mr. Mukasey's efforts are aimed at reaching a disposition in this case." Giuliani is a lawyer for Greenberg Traurig, while Mukasey, who is also a former federal judge, is a lawyer for Debevoise & Plimpton. The eight banks are Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), Citigroup Inc (C.N), Deutsche Bank AG (DBKGn.DE), HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA.L), JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Standard Chartered Plc (STAN.L), UBS Group AG (UBSG.S) and Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N). (reporting by Nathan Layne; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Apr 01, 2017 05:30 am | Updated Date: Apr 01, 2017 05:30 am Also See Bangladesh police shoot and kill suspected militant | Reuters Patient Pujara helps India to narrow deficit with Australia | Reuters South Korea's POSCO offers to surrender land for planned India steel project | Reuters Spain says it will give nothing in return for ETA disarmament | Reuters Top Stories The strange story of the lost and found girls of Usilampatti MCD Elections Are Tougher to Predict Than Assembly Polls. Here's Why Jammu and Kashmir bypolls: Police carry out raids ahead of elections, arrest stone pelters India Open: PV Sindhu sees off Sung Ji Hyun to set up mouth-watering final against Carolina Marin Five things to prepare yourself for the next financial year Income Tax: 12 changes that kick in today; here's our tax calculator to help you out Will Yogi Adityanath break the ‘committed bureaucracy’ shackles in Uttar Pradesh? The Great Father movie review: Mammootty’s swagger dominates an absurd film on child rape Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC World Cricket League Championship, 2015/17 Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 West Indies beat Pakistan by 7 wickets Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 Sri Lanka beat Bangladesh by 70 runs ICC World Cricket League Championship, 2015/17 United Arab Emirates beat Papua New Guinea by 82 runs Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 Pakistan beat West Indies by 3 runs Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 Match Abandoned Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 Pakistan beat West Indies by 6 wickets Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 Bangladesh beat Sri Lanka by 90 runs Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 India beat Australia by 8 wickets South Africa in New Zealand, 3 Test Series, 2017 New Zealand drew with South Africa Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 2nd, 2017, 10:00 PM IST Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, ODI series, 2017 UAE vs PNG - Apr 4th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 2 T20 International Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Apr 4th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs BLR - Apr 5th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 2 T20 International Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Apr 6th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs MUM - Apr 6th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 7th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs KOL - Apr 7th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PUN vs PNE - Apr 8th, 2017, 04:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 BLR vs DEL - Apr 8th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
