Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Unum Group - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unum Group with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Cutter & CO Brokerage Inc. Acquires Shares of 7,697 Unum Group (UNM) February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Cutter & CO Brokerage Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Unum Group (NYSE:UNM) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm acquired 7,697 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $338,000. A number of other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in UNM. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Unum Group by 1.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,541,586 shares of the company’s stock worth $372,224,000 after buying an additional 183,517 shares during the period. Boston Partners boosted its stake in shares of Unum Group by 5.9% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 8,717,489 shares of the company’s stock worth $307,814,000 after buying an additional 483,254 shares during the period. Donald Smith & CO. Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Unum Group by 0.4% in the second quarter. Donald Smith & CO. Inc. now owns 6,803,180 shares of the company’s stock worth $216,273,000 after buying an additional 28,101 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Unum Group by 0.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 6,574,819 shares of the company’s stock worth $232,157,000 after buying an additional 47,918 shares during the period. Finally, American Century Companies Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Unum Group by 38.1% in the second quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 5,279,960 shares of the company’s stock worth $167,850,000 after buying an additional 1,455,618 shares during the period. 94.34% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Unum Group (NYSE:UNM) remained flat at $46.86 during mid-day trading on Monday. 440,290 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $10.77 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.86 and a beta of 1.54. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $44.82 and a 200 day moving average price of $38.68. Unum Group has a 52-week low of $23.99 and a 52-week high of $47.28. Unum Group (NYSE:UNM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.98 by $0.02. Unum Group had a return on equity of 10.18% and a net margin of 8.43%. The company earned $2.80 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.76 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.95 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.7% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts anticipate that Unum Group will post $4.09 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 17th. Investors of record on Monday, January 30th will be given a dividend of $0.20 per share. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.71%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, January 26th. Unum Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 20.20%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/cutter-co-brokerage-inc-acquires-shares-of-7697-unum-group-unm.html. Several research analysts recently issued reports on UNM shares. Zacks Investment Research raised Unum Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Royal Bank Of Canada cut Unum Group from an “outperform” rating to a “sector perform” rating and set a $43.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Friday, December 9th. FBR & Co lifted their target price on Unum Group from $31.00 to $40.00 and gave the company an “underperform” rating in a research report on Monday, November 28th. RBC Capital Markets reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $43.00 target price (up previously from $36.00) on shares of Unum Group in a research report on Tuesday, November 15th. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 target price on shares of Unum Group in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. Unum Group presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $41.08. In other Unum Group news, CFO John F. Mcgarry sold 12,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $41.44, for a total transaction of $497,280.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, EVP Christopher J. Jerome sold 8,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.49, for a total value of $331,920.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.62% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Unum Group Company Profile Unum Group is a provider of disability insurance products in the United States and the United Kingdom. The Company provides a portfolio of other insurance products, including employer and employee paid group benefits, life insurance and other related services. Its segments are Unum US, Unum UK, Colonial Life, Closed Block and Corporate. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UNM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Unum Group (NYSE:UNM). Receive News & Ratings for Unum Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unum Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: This Massive Bank Is Even Bigger Than It Seems All told, JPMorgan Chase exercises authority over $25 trillion worth of assets. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Feb 6, 2017 at 11:41AM The entrance to "The Corner," the one-time headquarters of JPMorgan Chase. Image source: Getty (Thinkstock/iStock). I recently wrote about how JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) became the biggest bank in America in the wake of the financial crisis. Not only is it a compelling story, but embedded in it are critical lessons that investors in bank stocks would be wise to internalize if the extraordinary uncertainty pulsing through the markets right now continues. Yet, even though we all know that JPMorgan Chase is enormous (it has a $2.5 trillion balance sheet!), the fact of the matter is that it's even bigger than it appears. That's because it not only oversees its own balance sheet, it also administers a vast quantity of assets for others. It's true that JPMorgan Chase is a bank. And as a bank, it focuses on collecting deposits and making loans as well as investing excess cash into fixed-income securities such as government bonds and federally insured mortgage-backed securities, the latter of which -- loans and securities -- account for the majority of its $2.5 trillion worth of assets. But this isn't the only business JPMorgan Chase engages in. As a universal bank, it also operates what may be the largest investment bank in the country -- combined, that is, with its commercial banking operations. Its investment bank helps companies go public, assists institutional investors in the purchase and sale of securities for their own portfolios, and advises companies on mergers and acquisitions. There's something else that its investment bank does as well. Something that isn't as well known to many ordinary investors. Namely, it serves as a custodian for complex securities owned by hedge funds, insurance companies, university endowments, and other types of large investors. Data source: JPMorgan Chase. Chart by author. Mortgage-backed securities serve as a case in point. When most banks underwrite mortgages, they don't keep those loans on their balance sheet. They instead package the mortgages together and sell them as a security to large investors looking to profit from the interest payments on the underlying loans. The catch is that these securities need an entity to administer them -- to collect and distribute the interest payments, as well as to ensure that the owners' contractual rights are enforced. That's where a bank like JPMorgan Chase comes in. It's here in turn where JPMorgan Chase's true economic might is captured. As of the end of last year, it reported a staggering $20.5 trillion worth of so-called assets under custody. Add that to $1.8 trillion worth of assets under management -- assets in mutual funds, for instance, that are run by the New York-based bank -- and it becomes clear that JPMorgan Chase oversees significantly more capital than its massive $2.5 trillion balance sheet would otherwise lead one to believe. John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Feb 6, 2017 at 11:41AM Financials Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.00 down $0.20 (-0.23%) Read More This Bank Earned the Most Money in 2016 Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Are Higher Interest Rates Good for Bank Stocks? It’s Complicated, Says Analyst Dick Bove The Coming Windfall for Bank Investors Bank Stocks and the Warren Buffett Premium Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current This Massive Bank Is Even Bigger Than It Seems @themotleyfool #stocks $JPM
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: This Massive Bank Is Even Bigger Than It Seems All told, JPMorgan Chase exercises authority over $25 trillion worth of assets. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Feb 6, 2017 at 11:41AM The entrance to "The Corner," the one-time headquarters of JPMorgan Chase. Image source: Getty (Thinkstock/iStock). I recently wrote about how JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) became the biggest bank in America in the wake of the financial crisis. Not only is it a compelling story, but embedded in it are critical lessons that investors in bank stocks would be wise to internalize if the extraordinary uncertainty pulsing through the markets right now continues. Yet, even though we all know that JPMorgan Chase is enormous (it has a $2.5 trillion balance sheet!), the fact of the matter is that it's even bigger than it appears. That's because it not only oversees its own balance sheet, it also administers a vast quantity of assets for others. It's true that JPMorgan Chase is a bank. And as a bank, it focuses on collecting deposits and making loans as well as investing excess cash into fixed-income securities such as government bonds and federally insured mortgage-backed securities, the latter of which -- loans and securities -- account for the majority of its $2.5 trillion worth of assets. But this isn't the only business JPMorgan Chase engages in. As a universal bank, it also operates what may be the largest investment bank in the country -- combined, that is, with its commercial banking operations. Its investment bank helps companies go public, assists institutional investors in the purchase and sale of securities for their own portfolios, and advises companies on mergers and acquisitions. There's something else that its investment bank does as well. Something that isn't as well known to many ordinary investors. Namely, it serves as a custodian for complex securities owned by hedge funds, insurance companies, university endowments, and other types of large investors. Data source: JPMorgan Chase. Chart by author. Mortgage-backed securities serve as a case in point. When most banks underwrite mortgages, they don't keep those loans on their balance sheet. They instead package the mortgages together and sell them as a security to large investors looking to profit from the interest payments on the underlying loans. The catch is that these securities need an entity to administer them -- to collect and distribute the interest payments, as well as to ensure that the owners' contractual rights are enforced. That's where a bank like JPMorgan Chase comes in. It's here in turn where JPMorgan Chase's true economic might is captured. As of the end of last year, it reported a staggering $20.5 trillion worth of so-called assets under custody. Add that to $1.8 trillion worth of assets under management -- assets in mutual funds, for instance, that are run by the New York-based bank -- and it becomes clear that JPMorgan Chase oversees significantly more capital than its massive $2.5 trillion balance sheet would otherwise lead one to believe. John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Feb 6, 2017 at 11:41AM Financials Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.00 down $0.20 (-0.23%) Read More This Bank Earned the Most Money in 2016 Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Are Higher Interest Rates Good for Bank Stocks? It’s Complicated, Says Analyst Dick Bove The Coming Windfall for Bank Investors Bank Stocks and the Warren Buffett Premium Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current This Massive Bank Is Even Bigger Than It Seems @themotleyfool #stocks $JPM
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PBF Energy Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PBF Energy Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages HAP Trading LLC Purchases New Stake in PBF Energy Inc. (PBF) February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet HAP Trading LLC purchased a new position in shares of PBF Energy Inc. (NYSE:PBF) during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor purchased 56,749 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,285,000. Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in PBF Energy by 31.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,936,975 shares of the company’s stock worth $247,613,000 after buying an additional 2,626,728 shares in the last quarter. Anchor Capital Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in PBF Energy during the second quarter worth about $20,597,000. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC increased its stake in PBF Energy by 9.3% in the second quarter. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC now owns 6,882,948 shares of the company’s stock worth $163,676,000 after buying an additional 583,670 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in PBF Energy by 25.0% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,719,746 shares of the company’s stock worth $64,674,000 after buying an additional 543,630 shares in the last quarter. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP increased its stake in PBF Energy by 53.2% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 1,309,305 shares of the company’s stock worth $29,643,000 after buying an additional 454,752 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 95.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of PBF Energy Inc. (NYSE:PBF) opened at 23.15 on Monday. PBF Energy Inc. has a one year low of $19.47 and a one year high of $35.67. The stock’s market capitalization is $2.27 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $25.27 and its 200 day moving average price is $23.67. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “HAP Trading LLC Purchases New Stake in PBF Energy Inc. (PBF)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/hap-trading-llc-purchases-new-stake-in-pbf-energy-inc-pbf.html. PBF has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. Barclays PLC downgraded PBF Energy from an “equal weight” rating to an “underweight” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $26.00 to $19.00 in a research note on Monday, October 10th. Credit Suisse Group downgraded PBF Energy from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $28.00 to $22.00 in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. Howard Weil downgraded PBF Energy from a “focus stock” rating to a “sector outperform” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $29.00 to $24.00 in a research note on Wednesday, October 19th. Scotiabank downgraded PBF Energy from a “focus stock” rating to an “outperform” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $29.00 to $24.00 in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded PBF Energy from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, October 22nd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $25.25. PBF Energy Company Profile PBF Energy Inc (PBF Energy) is a holding company. The Company is an independent petroleum refiner and supplier of unbranded transportation fuels, heating oil, petrochemical feedstocks, lubricants and other petroleum products in the United States. The Company operates through two segments: Refining and Logistics. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PBF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for PBF Energy Inc. (NYSE:PBF). Receive News & Ratings for PBF Energy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PBF Energy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TJX Companies Inc. (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc. (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages People s United Financial Inc. Acquires 11,813 Shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet People s United Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX) by 6.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 191,474 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock after buying an additional 11,813 shares during the period. People s United Financial Inc.’s holdings in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) were worth $14,319,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in TJX. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 28.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,526,285 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $1,011,496,000 after buying an additional 2,996,299 shares in the last quarter. Royal Bank of Canada increased its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 22.8% in the second quarter. Royal Bank of Canada now owns 5,523,149 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $426,553,000 after buying an additional 1,025,752 shares in the last quarter. AXA increased its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 54.0% in the second quarter. AXA now owns 2,151,009 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $166,122,000 after buying an additional 754,365 shares in the last quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 21.6% in the second quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 4,017,628 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $310,281,000 after buying an additional 713,473 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) by 3.6% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 18,773,971 shares of the apparel and home fashions retailer’s stock worth $1,449,914,000 after buying an additional 652,818 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 87.50% of the company’s stock. Shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (NYSE:TJX) opened at 75.47 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $75.79 and a 200 day moving average of $76.61. TJX Companies, Inc. has a 12-month low of $66.82 and a 12-month high of $83.64. The company has a market cap of $49.20 billion, a PE ratio of 22.11 and a beta of 0.70. TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, November 15th. The apparel and home fashions retailer reported $0.91 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.87 by $0.04. The firm earned $8.29 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.23 billion. TJX Companies, Inc. (The) had a return on equity of 53.12% and a net margin of 7.00%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 6.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.86 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that TJX Companies, Inc. will post $3.52 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, March 2nd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, February 9th will be given a dividend of $0.26 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, February 7th. This represents a $1.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.38%. TJX Companies, Inc. (The)’s dividend payout ratio is currently 30.41%. WARNING: “People s United Financial Inc. Acquires 11,813 Shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/people-s-united-financial-inc-acquires-11813-shares-of-tjx-companies-inc-the-tjx.html. A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Credit Suisse Group reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $70.00 target price on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Stifel Nicolaus lowered their target price on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) from $92.00 to $86.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Royal Bank Of Canada lowered their target price on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) from $84.00 to $80.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $85.00 target price on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) in a research note on Wednesday, November 16th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised their target price on shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) from $83.00 to $87.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twenty have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $83.25. In other news, EVP Kenneth Canestrari sold 6,701 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.56, for a total transaction of $533,131.56. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 64,871 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,161,136.76. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 0.30% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. About TJX Companies, Inc. (The) The TJX Companies, Inc (TJX) is an off-price apparel and home fashions retailer in the United States and across the world. The Company operates through four segments: Marmaxx, HomeGoods, TJX Canada and TJX International. T.J. Maxx and Marshalls chains in the United States are collectively the off-price retailer in the United States with a total of approximately 2,163 stores. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TJX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX). Receive News & Ratings for TJX Companies Inc. (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TJX Companies Inc. (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mobile TeleSystems OJSC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mobile TeleSystems OJSC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Segantii Capital Management Ltd Acquires New Position in Mobile TeleSystems OJSC (MBT) February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Segantii Capital Management Ltd purchased a new position in shares of Mobile TeleSystems OJSC (NYSE:MBT) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor purchased 908,448 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,077,000. Mobile TeleSystems OJSC comprises about 1.9% of Segantii Capital Management Ltd’s portfolio, making the stock its 10th largest position. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Mobile TeleSystems OJSC by 26.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 19,841,994 shares of the company’s stock valued at $151,394,000 after buying an additional 4,209,906 shares during the last quarter. Capital World Investors increased its position in shares of Mobile TeleSystems OJSC by 6.6% in the second quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 11,015,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $91,204,000 after buying an additional 680,000 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Mobile TeleSystems OJSC by 3.1% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 9,365,078 shares of the company’s stock valued at $77,546,000 after buying an additional 283,561 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Mobile TeleSystems OJSC by 20.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 8,399,999 shares of the company’s stock valued at $64,092,000 after buying an additional 1,424,075 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in shares of Mobile TeleSystems OJSC by 0.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 6,592,292 shares of the company’s stock valued at $50,299,000 after buying an additional 43,482 shares during the last quarter. 30.88% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Mobile TeleSystems OJSC (NYSE:MBT) opened at 10.50 on Monday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $9.78 and its 200 day moving average price is $8.53. Mobile TeleSystems OJSC has a 12 month low of $6.55 and a 12 month high of $10.78. The stock has a market capitalization of $10.45 billion, a PE ratio of 7.49 and a beta of 1.09. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Segantii Capital Management Ltd Acquires New Position in Mobile TeleSystems OJSC (MBT)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/segantii-capital-management-ltd-acquires-new-position-in-mobile-telesystems-ojsc-mbt.html. Several research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Mobile TeleSystems OJSC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $11.00 target price for the company in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Citigroup Inc. raised Mobile TeleSystems OJSC from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, November 21st. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $9.94. About Mobile TeleSystems OJSC Mobile TeleSystems Public Joint Stock Company, formerly Mobile TeleSystems Open Joint Stock Company, is a provider of telecommunications services. The Company provides mobile and fixed line voice and data telecommunications services, including data transfer, broadband, pay-television (pay-TV) and various value-added services, as well as selling equipment and accessories. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MBT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mobile TeleSystems OJSC (NYSE:MBT). Receive News & Ratings for Mobile TeleSystems OJSC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mobile TeleSystems OJSC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu People are getting sick of working in the “sharing” economy Written by Alison Griswold Obsession Getting There November 15, 2016 Not all it’s cracked up to be. (Reuters/Stephen Lam) Share Written by Alison Griswold Obsession Getting There November 15, 2016 We may have already reached peak “sharing” economy. Average monthly earnings on “labor” platforms such as Uber, which use technology to match workers (like drivers) to people who need a service (like riders), peaked in June 2014, according to new data from the JPMorgan Chase Institute, the research arm of JPMorgan Chase. On “capital” platforms such as Airbnb, which help people rent out assets like a car or spare room, the share of US adults participating has declined from the previous year. On both types of online platforms, wages are growing more slowly as is overall participation. And retention is awful: 52% of people working for labor platforms quit within a year, and 56% of those on capital platforms vacate in the first 12 months. Participation in the “sharing” or “gig” economy was once touted as the future of work in America. But the new data from the JPMorgan Chase Institute suggests that isn’t the case. Instead, wages for workers have gotten worse as many of these companies—Uber and Lyft, to pick two examples—have cut pay rates to make prices more attractive to consumers. And the jobs themselves appear to have served as stop-gap measures for people who were unemployed or had fallen on hard times during and after the recession. As the US economy has improved—with six years of unbroken job growth and even an uptick in wages—a greater share of those gig participants are finding better jobs. So they’ve stopped or cut down on their Uber and related gig work. “It doesn’t look like [gig work] is becoming more lucrative for people,” says Fiona Greig, co-author on the JPMorgan Chase Institute report. “As the labor force strengthens in general, more and more people have better options.” Jobs on these online platforms were always tenuous. “Labor” companies like Uber, Lyft, and TaskRabbit have made a practice of hiring their workers as independent contractors rather than employees. The setup means workers get more flexibility—setting your own schedule is a big talking point—but don’t get benefits such as health care, a guaranteed minimum wage, and other protections offered by full-time employment in America. Previous work from the JPMorgan Chase Institute found that the people working for companies such as Uber were typically doing so to offset shortfalls in their monthly earnings. The poorer those workers were, the more they also depended on their gig income. People in more stable financial situations, however, are more likely to quit gig work altogether. According to the JPMorgan Chase Institute, 56% of people employed somewhere other than an online labor platform drop out within 12 months. For those whose only work is on online labor platforms, that figure falls to 37%. Similarly, people with higher incomes are more likely to cease working for companies like Uber. None of this is great news for investors or managers of sharing economy startups. The retention figures should alarm startups that spent heavily to build up legions of independent contractors, then struggled to keep those people sticking around. In early 2015, a paper from influential labor economist Alan Krueger found that only about 55% of Uber drivers remained active one year after starting. That metric appears to be getting worse, not better. Most Popular Three signals that Donald Trump isn’t going to renegotiate NAFTA Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / JPMorgan Chase Hosts Year Up Chicago Class 12 Graduation at Chase Auditorium JPMorgan Chase Hosts Year Up Chicago Class 12 Graduation at Chase Auditorium Posted on February 6, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Jacqueline Campbell, Executive Director of Chase Private Client and Chase Investments, will Speak at Event Celebrating Young Adults Who Have Successfully Completed Targeted Job Training and Professional Internships Chicago, IL (PRWEB) February 06, 2017 The workforce development nonprofit Year Up Chicago announced today that its Class 12 graduation ceremony will be sponsored and hosted by JPMorgan Chase. The event will take place on February 1, 2017 at Chase Auditorium. Jacqueline Campbell, Executive Director of Chase Private Client and Chase Investments and Year Up Champion, will speak at the event. “JPMorgan Chase has been a tremendous supporter of our young adults and our mission to close the Opportunity Divide,” said Jack Crowe, Executive Director of Year Up Chicago. “By hiring our graduates, sponsoring more than a hundred of interns, and continually finding new ways to advocate for our students, JPMorgan has helped ensure the economic success of low-income youth across the city.” JPMorgan Chase has been a Year Up Chicago corporate partner since 2011. The organization has hosted 120 Year Up Chicago interns, providing them with professional experience in entry-level roles such as retail banking and IT on their Helpdesk. “Year Up interns and graduates are dedicated, hardworking, and have the technical and professional skills we need,” said Eric Shirey, a Leadership Council member who received Chase’s Manager of the Year Award in 2016. Shirey manages several interns and is a Year Up mentor. “We’re hosting the Class 12 graduation ceremony to recognize their success and celebrate our ongoing partnership with Year Up.” Year Up Chicago will serve 220 students this year and will scale to serve 320 young adults in 2018. Since its launch in September 2010, the site has helped more than 600 young adults (ages 18-24, without college degrees) gain in-demand technical, professional and communication skills for roles in IT, Financial Operations, and Sales. Nationwide, 85 percent of Year Up graduates are employed or attending college full-time within four months of completing the yearlong program, with an average starting salary of $36,000/year. Learn more about Year Up Chicago by following us on Twitter @YearUpChicago and on Facebook. About Year Up Inc. Year Up's mission is to close the Opportunity Divide by providing urban young adults with the skills, experience, and support that will empower them to reach their potential through professional careers and higher education. Year Up achieves this mission through a high support, high expectation model that combines marketable job skills, stipends, internships and college credits. Its holistic approach focuses on students' professional and personal development to place these young adults on a viable path to economic self-sufficiency. Year Up currently serves more than 3,600 students annually across 18 sites in Arizona, Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Jacksonville, Los Angeles, Miami, New York City, Philadelphia, Providence, San Francisco, San Jose, Seattle, Washington, D.C., Woodbridge, & Wilmington (DE). To learn more, visit http://www.yearup.org or http://www.youtube.com/yearupinc. About JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at http://www.jpmorganchase.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/02/prweb14032462.htm Latest News Mazzitti & Sullivan Counseling Services Launches New Website Introducing the First Guitar Stand ​That Fits in the Palm of Your Hand Cablefax is Now Accepting Entries for The FAXIES Awards; Entry Deadline March 3 A’ Photography Awards 2017 is Looking for Photographers with Outstanding Works who are Aiming at Getting Global Fame and Recognition Paso Robles Plumber Quality 1st Plumbing Announces Special Discount For Local Veterans Pixel Film Studios Announces TransFocus Layers for Final Cut Pro X Vernon Computer Source Offering $2,000 Scholarship National Debt Relief Explains When Debt Consolidation Is A Good And Bad Idea Uncorked Wine Tours Releases “Top Paso Robles Wine Tour Stops” List for 2017 Credit2B Announces Addition of Chief Product Officer © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Banks Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital JPMorgan gets China corporate bond underwriting license Monday, 6 Feb 2017 | 6:23 AM ETReuters SHARES Scott Mlyn | CNBC A pedestrian walks past the JPMorgan Chase headquarters building in New York. JPMorgan Chase & Co said on Monday it had received approval and license to underwrite corporate bonds in China's interbank bond market, making it the first U.S.-headquartered bank to do so. The license enables JPMorgan to underwrite debt financing instruments issued by non-financial entities, including commercial papers, medium-term notes and other instruments approved by regulators, it said. The license was granted by the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (NAFMII), which oversees the Chinese interbank bond market, said a statement issued by JPMorgan. China is the third largest bond market in the world with 43.7 trillion yuan ($6.37 trillion) outstanding at the end of 2016 with the interbank bond market accounting for over 90 percent, according to China Central Depository & Clearing Co. In September last year, JPMorgan was granted a business license to operate a fully owned fund management business in China, allowing it to set up an office in Shanghai free-trade zone.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JPMorgan gets China corporate bond underwriting licence By Reuters Published: 02:00 EST, 6 February 2017 | Updated: 02:00 EST, 6 February 2017 e-mail HONG KONG, Feb 6 (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase & Co < JPM.N> said on Monday it had received approval and licence to underwrite corporate bonds in China's interbank bond market, making it the first U.S.-headquartered bank to do so. The licence enables JPMorgan to underwrite debt financing instruments issued by non-financial entities, including commercial papers, medium-term notes and other instruments approved by regulators, it said. The licence was granted by the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (NAFMII), which oversees the Chinese interbank bond market, said a statement issued by JPMorgan. China is the third largest bond market in the world with 43.7 trillion yuan ($6.37 trillion) outstanding at the end of 2016 with the interbank bond market accounting for over 90 percent, according to China Central Depository & Clearing Co. In September last year, JPMorgan was granted a business licence to operate a fully owned fund management business in China, allowing it to set up an office in Shanghai free-trade zone. ($1 = 6.8615 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Vyas Mohan) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Trump ignites fight over banking reformsAAP – Mon, Feb 6, 2017 10:38 AM AEDT US President Donald Trump has ordered reviews of major banking rules that were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, drawing fire from Democrats who say his order lacks substance and squarely aligns him with Wall Street bankers. Though the order was short on specifics, financial markets embraced Trump's signal that looser banking regulation is coming and pushed bank stocks higher. The Dow Jones US Banks stocks index closed up 2.6 per cent. At a White House forum on Friday with US business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase's CEO Jamie Dimon, Trump said his administration expects "to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank". That will involve a lot more than issuing an order, said former Democratic congressman Barney Frank, co-author of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law that raised capital requirements for banks, restricted their trading by means of the "Volcker Rule," and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to guard against predatory lending. Trump "can't make any substantial change in the financial reform bill without Congress," Frank told Reuters. "The language in the order doesn't do anything. It tells the secretary of the Treasury to give them something to read. The tone of it is to weaken the bill." Trump and other critics of the Dodd-Frank law say its regulations have hindered lending. At the meeting with CEOs on Friday Trump said: "I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses that can't borrow money ... because the banks just won't let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." Despite such criticisms, recent data from the Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis showed that US commercial-bank lending was at a 70-year high, climbing steadily since late-2010. Democratic senator Elizabeth Warren who lobbied for the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Trump of forsaking middle- and lower-income individuals to help banks. "The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis - and they will not forget what happened today," she said in a statement. Trump's adviser leading the deregulation effort, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, was previously a top official at Goldman Sachs. Billionaire investor Carl Icahn, meanwhile, is counselling Trump on regulation across the government. One order signed by Trump requires the US Treasury Secretary to submit possible regulatory changes and legislation modifying Dodd-Frank in 120 days, according to a White House official. Trump's pick for Treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin, also a former Goldman banker, has yet to be confirmed by the full Senate. Meanwhile, a memo tells the Labor Department to review a "fiduciary rule" for brokers offering retirement advice that was finalised in 2016. While early reports said Trump wanted to postpone the rule's implementation, originally slated for April, by 180 days, the order did not mention any delay. The Labor Department late on Friday said it was considering legal options for delaying. Representatives of the six largest US banks - JPMorgan Chase & Co, Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc , Wells Fargo & Co, Goldman Sachs Group Inc and Morgan Stanley - either declined to comment or did not have an immediate comment. Bankers, lawyers and lobbyists privately said Trump's order would not do much immediately. Also, they said they would prefer less-extensive modifications to Dodd-Frank after spending billions of dollars complying with the law. Many want to make it "a little bit more user-friendly," said John Kanas, chairman of BankUnited, a lender with less than $US20 billion ($A26 billion) in assets. House of Representatives Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling, a Republican, told reporters at the White House that Trump's approach reflects legislation he has drafted to review Dodd-Frank. Hensarling is expected to re-introduce his bill allowing banks to choose between complying with Dodd-Frank and holding more capital later in February. Trump could also make changes simply by appointing new personnel or not enforcing rules. "A lot of the regulations of Dodd-Frank required a bit of a cop-on-the-beat if you will, to ensure enforcement and if you have a different cop-on-the-beat, they enforce different rules, or they enforce the rules differently," said FBR & CO financial policy analyst Edward Mills. Many regulators, though, were appointed by Trump's predecessor, President Barack Obama, and intend to complete their terms. Trump cannot fire heads of independent agencies, including the three top bank regulators: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corp Chairman Martin Gruenberg. In addition, the term for Richard Cordray, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau director, stretches into next year. Republican lawmakers are pushing Trump to fire Cordray, but a federal court's decision allowing him to has been stayed pending appeal. Meanwhile, some US financial policy leaders want to keep the law. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said on Friday Dodd-Frank "has largely been helpful" and led to a banking system with "more and better capital". Explore Related Content 1 - 1 of 1 prevnext 【搜尋推介】過年使費多！即比較限時低息貸款優惠 減低利息支出 即日熱搜 為您搜羅最新熱門搜尋資訊，立即查看！ Top Stories » Ford invests $1b in robotics start-upAAP Ford will invest $US1 billion ($A1.3 billion) in robotics start-up Argo AI as part of its quest to have a fully … Algorithms: the managers of our digital livesAFP How algorithms (secretly) run the worldAFP Kirin to buy Mandalay Brewery to dominate Myanmar market: reportAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Aust heat wave Last minute accommodation Guillermo Amor Flowers Trump travel ban Personal loan France attack Adelaide Accommodation Trump China Toyota Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tenaris S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tenaris S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 104,672 Shares of Tenaris S.A. (TS) February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AMP Capital Investors Ltd lowered its stake in shares of Tenaris S.A. (NYSE:TS) by 64.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 58,667 shares of the company’s stock after selling 104,672 shares during the period. AMP Capital Investors Ltd’s holdings in Tenaris were worth $1,634,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Tenaris by 105.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,831 shares of the company’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 72,569 shares during the last quarter. Advisor Group Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Tenaris during the second quarter valued at about $117,000. BOKF NA raised its position in shares of Tenaris by 9,446.0% in the second quarter. BOKF NA now owns 4,773 shares of the company’s stock valued at $138,000 after buying an additional 4,723 shares during the period. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. raised its position in shares of Tenaris by 5.2% in the third quarter. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. now owns 5,945 shares of the company’s stock valued at $169,000 after buying an additional 295 shares during the period. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP purchased a new position in shares of Tenaris during the second quarter valued at about $203,000. Institutional investors own 16.23% of the company’s stock. Tenaris S.A. (NYSE:TS) traded up 0.51% during trading on Friday, hitting $35.14. 2,164,934 shares of the stock were exchanged. Tenaris S.A. has a 52 week low of $19.44 and a 52 week high of $37.21. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $35.58 and its 200 day moving average is $30.51. The firm’s market cap is $20.74 billion. Tenaris (NYSE:TS) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.03 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.02) by $0.05. Tenaris had a negative net margin of 0.52% and a negative return on equity of 0.21%. The business earned $1.05 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.03 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($0.30) earnings per share. Tenaris’s quarterly revenue was down 32.8% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Tenaris S.A. will post $0.08 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “AMP Capital Investors Ltd Sells 104,672 Shares of Tenaris S.A. (TS)” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/amp-capital-investors-ltd-sells-104672-shares-of-tenaris-s-a-ts.html. Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on TS shares. Guggenheim reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Tenaris in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Tenaris from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Berenberg Bank started coverage on shares of Tenaris in a report on Tuesday, October 11th. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. J P Morgan Chase & Co raised shares of Tenaris from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $35.00 price target for the company in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised shares of Tenaris from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. Tenaris presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $33.29. About Tenaris Tenaris SA is a holding company, which is a supplier of steel pipe products and related services for energy industry and other industrial applications. The Company operates through Tubes business segment. The Tubes segment includes the production and sale of both seamless and welded steel tubular products, and related services primarily for the oil and gas industry, principally oil country tubular goods used in drilling operations, and for other industrial applications with production processes. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tenaris S.A. (NYSE:TS). Receive News & Ratings for Tenaris S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tenaris S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Bottomline Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bottomline Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Bottomline Technologies, Inc. (EPAY) Stake Increased by Rhumbline Advisers Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Rhumbline Advisers boosted its stake in Bottomline Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:EPAY) by 4.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 53,656 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,110 shares during the period. Rhumbline Advisers owned 0.14% of Bottomline Technologies worth $1,251,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 0.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 21,925 shares of the company’s stock valued at $472,000 after buying an additional 163 shares during the last quarter. Arizona State Retirement System boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 1.0% in the second quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 19,688 shares of the company’s stock valued at $424,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter. BB&T Corp boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 2.3% in the third quarter. BB&T Corp now owns 10,607 shares of the company’s stock valued at $247,000 after buying an additional 242 shares during the last quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 13.7% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 5,651 shares of the company’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 682 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its position in shares of Bottomline Technologies by 4.8% in the second quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 18,320 shares of the company’s stock valued at $394,000 after buying an additional 840 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 92.35% of the company’s stock. Shares of Bottomline Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:EPAY) opened at 26.99 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $25.41 and a 200-day moving average of $23.38. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.02 billion. Bottomline Technologies, Inc. has a 1-year low of $18.48 and a 1-year high of $31.52. Bottomline Technologies (NASDAQ:EPAY) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.26 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.18 by $0.08. The company earned $86.73 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $85.38 million. Bottomline Technologies had a positive return on equity of 6.20% and a negative net margin of 9.01%. Bottomline Technologies’s revenue was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.38 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Bottomline Technologies, Inc. will post $0.86 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/bottomline-technologies-inc-epay-stake-increased-by-rhumbline-advisers.html. Several research firms recently commented on EPAY. TheStreet upgraded shares of Bottomline Technologies from a “d+” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Wednesday. Needham & Company LLC raised their price target on shares of Bottomline Technologies from $28.00 to $31.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Bottomline Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. Bottomline Technologies presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $27.50. In other news, Director Jennifer M. Gray sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.76, for a total value of $49,520.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 4,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $99,040. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Jeffrey C. Leathe sold 4,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, December 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $24.75, for a total value of $99,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 4,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $99,000. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 42,622 shares of company stock valued at $968,661. 3.20% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Bottomline Technologies Bottomline Technologies (de), Inc is engaged in providing a set of cloud-based business payment, digital banking, fraud prevention, payment and financial document solutions. The Company helps businesses pay and get paid. It offers hosted or Software as a Service (SaaS) solutions, as well as software designed to run on-site at the customer’s location. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EPAY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bottomline Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:EPAY). Receive News & Ratings for Bottomline Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bottomline Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Berenberg Bank Reiterates Sell Rating for Southern Copper Corporation (SCCO) Next » Rhumbline Advisers Acquires 2,155 Shares of Boise Cascade, L.L.C. (BCC) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Comment Insight World  Mining Banking Aviation Energy Media China Budget Events Home Business News & Views World  February 6 2017 Save Print 'The fox is in the hen house': Trump to roll back regulations designed to prevent another GFC Zeke Faux, Yalman Onaran and Jenny Surane Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More As he prepared to sign orders designed to roll back bank regulations enacted to stop the next financial crisis, President Donald Trump said that the rules are stifling lending. "We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses and they can't borrow money," Trump said. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Pin to Pinterest PIN Link US President Donald Trump. Photo: Bloomberg "They just can't get any money because the banks just won't let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." That may be the case for the president's friends – although Trump pal Carl Icahn seemed to have little trouble two weeks ago when he borrowed US$1.2 billion ($1.6 billion) – but it's not supported by data. Lending declined initially after 2008, when the entire banking industry was almost wiped out by the collapse of the US housing market. But it's grown steadily since then, expanding by 6 per cent a year since 2013, far faster than the economy. Banks now have a record US$9.1 trillion of loans outstanding. Advertisement "Loan growth remains robust," JPMorgan Chase & Co chief financial officer Marianne Lake said last month. At JPMorgan, the biggest US bank, core loans increased 10 per cent to US$806.2 billion last year, with gains in every category including credit cards and wholesale debt. Bank of America Corp's total loans climbed 1.1 per cent to US$906.8 billion, while Wells Fargo & Co's grew 5.6 per cent to US$968 billion. 'Reducing Transparency' "I don't think this is about the financial sector making more loans," said Michael Barr, a University of Michigan law professor who helped design the Dodd-Frank Rule while working for the previous administration. "They are reducing transparency in the system and reducing guardrails that are going to keep the system safe." One hated provision of Dodd-Frank -- the Volcker rule -- bans the largest firms from making speculative bets with their own money. Goldman Sachs Group Inc's return on equity, a measure of profitability, has dropped from as high as 34 per cent before the crisis to 8 per cent last quarter. That means less money for bonuses and shareholder dividends. Former Goldman Sachs president Gary Cohn, now Trump's top economic adviser, looked on Friday as Trump signed two directives aimed at loosening financial regulations. Among the targets are the Volcker rule, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and a requirement that advisers on retirement accounts work in the best interests of their clients. Cohn said in a Bloomberg Television interview that the administration can make many changes without the involvement of Congress, where Trump's deregulation agenda will face Democratic opposition. "Every place a bank needs to hold capital and they need to retain capital prohibits them from lending," Cohn said in the interview. "So we're going to attack all aspects of Dodd-Frank." Bank Capital Banks don't actually "hold" capital. In banking, capital refers to the funding they receive from shareholders. Every penny of it can be loaned out. A 5 per cent minimum capital requirement means that 5 per cent of the bank's liabilities has to be equity, while the rest can be deposits or other borrowing. The more equity a bank has, the smaller its risk of failing when losses pile up. "The claim that regulations are prohibiting lending is simply false," said Anat Admati, a Stanford University finance professor and member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp's Systemic Resolution Advisory Committee. "The banks have plenty of money and can raise more from investors like other businesses if they have worthy loans to make. If they don't lend, it's because they choose not to lend and instead do many other things." While raising capital requirements doesn't prohibit lending, it can slow the growth of loans because banks are often reluctant to raise more equity from shareholders. Dodd-Frank also didn't set capital requirements. Those are decided internationally by regulators from 27 countries that gather at the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision. Former Goldman Sachs partner Philip D. Murphy, who was a member of the bank's management committee with Cohn and Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin, said he's mystified by the changes they're pushing. "To think that undoing those regulations is going to lead to a better result is folly," says Murphy, who's seeking the Democratic nomination in this year's New Jersey gubernatorial race. "The fox is in the hen house, that's what this is. This is people on Wall Street, who should know better." Bloomberg 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Government Plans To Slash Youth ... Contains: External link Dick Pratt's Family Donated Way More To ... Contains: External link Most Popular 'Lie with the dog, you're going to come up with fleas' Domino's needs to face up to itself Now it's back to business as usual, bring on the wage rises Coles to test 12-item limit on self-service checkouts Wall Street jumps to record on 'phenomenal' tax hopes Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business 'Lie with the dog, you're going to come up with fleas' The question the market finally dared to ask Rupert Murdoch Coles to test 12-item limit on self-service checkouts Now it's back to business as usual, bring on the wage rises Domino's needs to face up to itself Canberra Times Total fire ban to extend into Sunday as temperatures exceed 40 degrees Bush towns to bid for Canberra departments Three children in hospital after crash on Kings Highway Police seek witnesses after man and woman shot in Gordon Rain forecast and cooler temperatures on the way The Sydney Morning Herald Threat of blackouts looms as NSW bakes in heatwave Donald Trump plans travel ban backflip after court ruling, reports say Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Inside the explosive far-right fundraiser where Muslims are fair game The Age Massive spider claims six seats for itself on busy Melbourne train First openly gay AFL player couple: "We're proud, and proud of each other" Norwegian Star cruise liner broken down and drifting near Melbourne AFP under fire over support services after experienced officer's death Brisbane Times Brisbane's 2016 food hall of shame revealed Sea World dolphin show sabotaged by activists Two far north Queensland punters win lotto three days apart Oh boy. It's meant to be 39 degrees in Brisbane on Sunday WA Today 'Puff, puff, pass': How WA's dolphins are using blowfish to get high Perth freeway hit and run pursuit caught on dash camera Wet and wild weather cancels Perth's weekend plans Northam residents evacuating as a precaution as flood waters rise Four seasons in one day ... in one country down under Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Sanchez Energy Announces Exercise of Over Allotment and Closing of Common Stock Offering HOUSTON, Feb. 06, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Sanchez Energy Corporation (NYSE: SN) (“Sanchez Energy” or the “Company”), announced today the closing of an underwritten public offering of an aggregate of 11,500,000 shares of the Company’s common stock at a price to the public of $12.50 per share. The shares sold to the underwriters included 1,500,000 shares, pursuant to a 30-day option that was exercised by the underwriters in full. The Company received gross proceeds (before underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated expenses) of approximately $143.8 million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Citigroup and Johnson Rice & Company L.L.C. are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. The offering will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus. An investor may obtain free copies of both the prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus by visiting EDGAR on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, Sanchez or the book-running managers will arrange to send you the prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus if you request them by contacting J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, via Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, by calling toll-free at (866) 803-9204, Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by calling toll-free at (800)-831-9146, or Johnson Rice & Company L.L.C., attn: Syndicate Department, 639 Loyola Avenue, Suite 2275, New Orleans, Louisiana 70112, or by telephone at (800) 443-5924. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. The offering is being made pursuant to an effective registration statement on Form S-3 previously filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission ABOUT SANCHEZ ENERGY CORPORATION Sanchez Energy Corporation (NYSE:SN) is an independent exploration and production company focused on the acquisition and development of U.S. onshore unconventional oil and natural gas resources, with a current focus on the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas where we have assembled over 275,000 net acres. For more information about Sanchez Energy Corporation, please visit our website:  www.sanchezenergycorp.com. 
COMPANY CONTACT:
Howard J. Thill
EVP & Chief Financial Officer
(713) 783-8000

Kevin Smith
VP Investor Relations
(281) 925-4828

Cham King
Investor Relations & Capital Markets
(713) 756-2797

General Inquiries:  (713) 783-8000
www.sanchezenergycorp.com
 CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Books, commission, Companies, company, general, Markets, officer, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Brekford Signs Definitive Agreement to Sell its Vehicle Services Business to LB&B Associates Next PostNext Media Advisory: Ministers Joly and Wilson-Raybould to Make an Announcement Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Magellan Health Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Magellan Health Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages American International Group Inc. Has $991,000 Position in Magellan Health, Inc. (MGLN) February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet American International Group Inc. cut its stake in shares of Magellan Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:MGLN) by 0.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 18,438 shares of the company’s stock after selling 20 shares during the period. American International Group Inc. owned approximately 0.08% of Magellan Health worth $991,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in MGLN. Victory Capital Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Magellan Health by 163.7% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,029,042 shares of the company’s stock valued at $55,290,000 after buying an additional 638,753 shares during the period. Numeric Investors LLC boosted its stake in Magellan Health by 40.4% in the second quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 516,410 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,964,000 after buying an additional 148,542 shares in the last quarter. Matarin Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in Magellan Health during the third quarter valued at about $7,039,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Magellan Health by 15.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 752,744 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,445,000 after buying an additional 103,451 shares in the last quarter. Finally, AHL Partners LLP boosted its stake in Magellan Health by 378.2% in the second quarter. AHL Partners LLP now owns 82,122 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,402,000 after buying an additional 64,950 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 91.63% of the company’s stock. Shares of Magellan Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:MGLN) traded down 2.09% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $75.00. 48,008 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a market capitalization of $1.74 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.21 and a beta of 0.70. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $76.09 and a 200-day moving average price of $64.07. Magellan Health, Inc. has a 52 week low of $49.50 and a 52 week high of $79.20. Magellan Health (NASDAQ:MGLN) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported $1.39 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.72. Magellan Health had a return on equity of 7.96% and a net margin of 1.45%. The company had revenue of $1.29 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.22 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.76 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Magellan Health, Inc. will post $3.10 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “American International Group Inc. Has $991,000 Position in Magellan Health, Inc. (MGLN)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/american-international-group-inc-has-991000-position-in-magellan-health-inc-mgln.html. Several analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $89.00 price target on shares of Magellan Health in a report on Friday, December 23rd. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Magellan Health from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Leerink Swann reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and issued a $78.00 price target (up from $60.00) on shares of Magellan Health in a report on Monday, November 28th. TheStreet raised shares of Magellan Health from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Finally, Barclays PLC upped their price target on shares of Magellan Health from $61.00 to $69.00 and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 23rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $77.75. In other Magellan Health news, CFO Jonathan N. Rubin sold 7,620 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $73.01, for a total transaction of $556,336.20. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 27,741 shares in the company, valued at $2,025,370.41. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CFO Jonathan N. Rubin sold 7,177 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $73.01, for a total value of $523,992.77. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 27,298 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,993,026.98. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 119,449 shares of company stock worth $8,821,569. Corporate insiders own 3.60% of the company’s stock. Magellan Health Company Profile Magellan Health, Inc is engaged in the healthcare management business. The Company’s segments include Healthcare, Pharmacy Management and Corporate. It is focused on managing special populations, complete pharmacy benefits and other specialty areas of healthcare. Its Healthcare includes its management of behavioral healthcare services and employee assistance program (EAP) services, management of other specialty areas, including diagnostic imaging and musculoskeletal management, and the integrated management of physical, behavioral and pharmaceutical healthcare for special populations, delivered through Magellan Complete Care (MCC). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MGLN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Magellan Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:MGLN). Receive News & Ratings for Magellan Health Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Magellan Health Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Commercial Vehicle Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Commercial Vehicle Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Hapanowicz & Associates Financial Services Inc Invests $240,000 in Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. (CVGI) Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Hapanowicz & Associates Financial Services Inc bought a new position in shares of Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVGI) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm bought 44,656 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $240,000. Commercial Vehicle Group makes up about 0.2% of Hapanowicz & Associates Financial Services Inc’s portfolio, making the stock its 19th largest position. Hapanowicz & Associates Financial Services Inc owned about 0.15% of Commercial Vehicle Group at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. LMR Partners LLP bought a new stake in shares of Commercial Vehicle Group during the second quarter worth $158,000. ClariVest Asset Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Commercial Vehicle Group during the second quarter worth $383,000. Neuberger Berman Group LLC bought a new stake in shares of Commercial Vehicle Group during the second quarter worth $104,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Commercial Vehicle Group by 3,447.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 36,681 shares of the company’s stock worth $191,000 after buying an additional 35,647 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in Commercial Vehicle Group by 2.9% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 717,716 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,732,000 after buying an additional 20,166 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 62.02% of the company’s stock. Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVGI) traded down 1.29% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $6.10. The stock had a trading volume of 77,047 shares. Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. has a 52-week low of $2.10 and a 52-week high of $6.37. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $5.52 and a 200 day moving average of $5.22. The firm has a market capitalization of $185.13 million, a P/E ratio of 43.26 and a beta of 0.84. WARNING: This article was posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/06/hapanowicz-associates-financial-services-inc-invests-240000-in-commercial-vehicle-group-inc-cvgi.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Commercial Vehicle Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $6.25 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. In other news, Director Robert C. Griffin sold 8,901 shares of Commercial Vehicle Group stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $5.20, for a total transaction of $46,285.20. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 95,703 shares in the company, valued at $497,655.60. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Director David R. Bovee sold 21,737 shares of Commercial Vehicle Group stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $5.15, for a total transaction of $111,945.55. Following the sale, the director now owns 88,099 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $453,709.85. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 3.30% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Commercial Vehicle Group Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc is a supplier of a range of cab-related products and systems. The Company operates through two segments: the Global Truck and Bus Segment (GTB Segment) and the Global Construction and Agriculture Segment (GCA Segment). The GTB Segment manufactures and sells products, which include Seats, Trim, sleeper boxes, cab structures, structural components and body panels, and mirrors and wiper systems. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CVGI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVGI). Receive News & Ratings for Commercial Vehicle Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Commercial Vehicle Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Gerber Kawasaki Wealth & Investment Management Increases Position in T-Mobile US, Inc. (TMUS) Next » Hapanowicz & Associates Financial Services Inc Takes Position in Ameresco, Inc. (AMRC) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT ETF Focus Who Really Needs Active ETFs? JPMorgan made news when it agreed to launch a new kind of actively managed ETF. The problem? The SEC hasn’t approved this new product. By Crystal Kim Biography Feb. 4, 2017 12:50 a.m. ET There’s been an unusual bit of buzz about something that hasn’t quite happened: JPMorgan Chase signed on to launch actively managed exchange-traded funds using a structure that hasn’t yet been approved. Active ETFs are still something of a chimera in the industry. Most fund providers are holding out for nontransparent versions that would allow them to disclose a portfolio’s holdings quarterly, like mutual funds, rather than daily. Precidian Investments has been trying to get approval for its ActiveShares model, which... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lancaster Colony Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancaster Colony Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Knowles Corporation (KN) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for KAR Auction Services, Inc’s FY2016 Earnings (KAR) Zacks: Identiv, Inc. (INVE) Given $4.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: REX American Resources Corp (REX) Given $89.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. (SFE) Given $21.50 Consensus Price Target by Analysts Zacks: Simpson Manufacturing Company, Inc. (SSD) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH) Shares Gap Up After Strong Earnings Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Reaches New 1-Year High After Strong Earnings Cowen Group, Inc. (COWN) Shares Bought by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) Stake Cut by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 115,336 Shares of Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) McKesson Corporation (MCK) Position Held by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Sells 2,100,000 Shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Capital International Investors Decreases Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) Shares Bought by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Graham Holdings Company (GHC) Position Raised by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Choice Hotels International, Inc. (CHH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 6,000 Shares of Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Performance Food Group Company (PFGC) Lancaster Colony Corporation (LANC) Shares Sold by Wesbanco Bank Inc. February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Wesbanco Bank Inc. decreased its stake in Lancaster Colony Corporation (NASDAQ:LANC) by 1.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 6,746 shares of the company’s stock after selling 100 shares during the period. Wesbanco Bank Inc.’s holdings in Lancaster Colony Corporation were worth $954,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Strs Ohio raised its position in shares of Lancaster Colony Corporation by 8.3% in the second quarter. Strs Ohio now owns 6,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $829,000 after buying an additional 500 shares in the last quarter. Chicago Equity Partners LLC acquired a new position in shares of Lancaster Colony Corporation during the second quarter valued at $906,000. Wedge Capital Management L L P NC acquired a new position in shares of Lancaster Colony Corporation during the second quarter valued at $403,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Lancaster Colony Corporation by 31.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 11,987 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,529,000 after buying an additional 2,892 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Teacher Retirement System of Texas raised its stake in Lancaster Colony Corporation by 14.0% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 2,671 shares of the company’s stock valued at $341,000 after buying an additional 329 shares during the period. 50.15% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Lancaster Colony Corporation (NASDAQ:LANC) traded down 1.86% on Monday, hitting $131.19. 21,954 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $3.59 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.27 and a beta of 0.85. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $138.87 and its 200-day moving average is $134.22. Lancaster Colony Corporation has a 1-year low of $95.78 and a 1-year high of $149.30. Lancaster Colony Corporation (NASDAQ:LANC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $1.42 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.36 by $0.06. Lancaster Colony Corporation had a net margin of 11.09% and a return on equity of 25.07%. The firm had revenue of $326.80 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $329.66 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.25 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up .6% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Lancaster Colony Corporation will post $4.86 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Lancaster Colony Corporation (LANC) Shares Sold by Wesbanco Bank Inc.” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/lancaster-colony-corporation-lanc-shares-sold-by-wesbanco-bank-inc.html. LANC has been the topic of several analyst reports. Wedbush assumed coverage on shares of Lancaster Colony Corporation in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $160.00 target price on the stock. Longbow Research assumed coverage on shares of Lancaster Colony Corporation in a research report on Friday, November 4th. They set a “neutral” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Lancaster Colony Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, CL King initiated coverage on shares of Lancaster Colony Corporation in a research report on Monday, January 30th. They set a “buy” rating and a $158.00 price objective for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $149.00. About Lancaster Colony Corporation Lancaster Colony Corporation is a manufacturer and marketer of specialty food products for the retail and foodservice channels. The Company’s food products include Salad dressings and sauces, Vegetable dips and fruit dips, Frozen garlic breads, Frozen Parkerhouse style yeast rolls and dinner rolls, Premium dry egg noodles, Frozen specialty noodles, Croutons and salad toppings, Flatbread wraps and pizza crusts, and Caviar. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LANC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Lancaster Colony Corporation (NASDAQ:LANC). Receive News & Ratings for Lancaster Colony Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancaster Colony Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tyson Foods Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tyson Foods Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.05 EPS Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Issues FY16 Earnings Guidance Xylem Inc. (XYL) Rating Reiterated by Canaccord Genuity XPO Logistics, Inc. (XPO) Research Coverage Started at Seaport Global Securities Lyon William Homes (WLH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein Traders Buy Exelon Corporation (EXC) on Weakness on Disappointing Earnings Zoetis Inc. (ZTS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Earns “Neutral” Rating from Robert W. Baird Diana Shipping inc. (DSX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Cousins Properties Incorporated (CUZ) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.16 EPS Enersys (ENS) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.24 EPS Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Carrefour SA (CA) Given a €24.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Given a €2.70 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Airbus Group SE (EAD) Given a €72.50 Price Target by Berenberg Bank Analysts BNP Paribas SA (BNP) PT Set at €69.90 by Morgan Stanley Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (ML) Given a €120.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Paradigm Asset Management Co. LLC Invests $534,000 in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Paradigm Asset Management Co. LLC bought a new stake in Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor bought 8,650 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $534,000. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. State Street Corp raised its position in Tyson Foods by 0.4% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 12,906,720 shares of the company’s stock valued at $862,034,000 after buying an additional 54,228 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in Tyson Foods by 6.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 8,589,898 shares of the company’s stock worth $573,719,000 after buying an additional 483,951 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in Tyson Foods by 1.0% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 7,999,802 shares of the company’s stock worth $534,307,000 after buying an additional 79,878 shares during the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in Tyson Foods by 9.5% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 7,573,609 shares of the company’s stock worth $505,853,000 after buying an additional 655,290 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Tyson Foods by 4.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 7,086,606 shares of the company’s stock worth $529,158,000 after buying an additional 281,618 shares during the last quarter. 71.78% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN) traded down 3.27% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $63.25. 4,657,930 shares of the stock were exchanged. Tyson Foods, Inc. has a one year low of $55.72 and a one year high of $77.05. The firm has a market capitalization of $23.66 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.96 and a beta of 0.17. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $62.56 and a 200 day moving average price of $68.53. Tyson Foods (NYSE:TSN) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $1.59 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.26 by $0.33. Tyson Foods had a net margin of 4.79% and a return on equity of 17.57%. The firm had revenue of $9.18 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $9.04 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.15 EPS. The company’s revenue was up .3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that Tyson Foods, Inc. will post $4.83 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 1st will be issued a dividend of $0.225 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 27th. This represents a $0.90 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.38%. This is a positive change from Tyson Foods’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.15. Tyson Foods’s dividend payout ratio is currently 13.25%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Paradigm Asset Management Co. LLC Invests $534,000 in Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/paradigm-asset-management-co-llc-invests-534000-in-tyson-foods-inc-tsn.html. A number of research firms have issued reports on TSN. Jefferies Group LLC reduced their target price on shares of Tyson Foods from $85.00 to $75.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, November 22nd. RBC Capital Markets reissued a “sector perform” rating and set a $75.00 target price on shares of Tyson Foods in a research note on Sunday, November 20th. Vetr lowered shares of Tyson Foods from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $69.69 target price for the company. in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Tyson Foods from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, October 28th. Finally, Pivotal Research reissued a “sell” rating and set a $40.00 target price on shares of Tyson Foods in a research note on Wednesday, November 23rd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. Tyson Foods currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $72.35. About Tyson Foods Tyson Foods, Inc is a food company, which is engaged in offering chicken, beef and pork, as well as prepared foods. The Company offers food products under Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, Sara Lee, Ball Park, Wright, Aidells and State Fair brands. The Company operates through four segments: Chicken, Beef, Pork and Prepared Foods. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TSN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN). Receive News & Ratings for Tyson Foods Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tyson Foods Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Corporate America Responds to Trump's Travel Ban Robin Madell U.S.News & World ReportFebruary 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The news of the week was President Donald Trump's travel ban that prevents U.S. entry to citizens of seven predominantly Muslim countries. In the wake of the immigration order, many global companies spoke out against the new policy in an effort to reassure employees. [See: 10 Things They Don't Tell You About Your First Job.] Below are responses from several industry giants, including tech leaders, across the globe, as well as some advice on how to navigate these changes in the workplace: -- In an email to staff, Apple's CEO Tim Cook expressed his opposition to the ban, stating, "It is not a policy we support," and quoting Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.: "We may have all come on different ships, but we are in the same boat now." Cook noted that the immigration order is having a direct impact on Apple employees, stating, "Our HR, Legal and Security teams are in contact with them, and Apple will do everything we can to support them." -- Amazon's CEO Jeff Bezos sent employees a memo that expressed the company's opposition to the ban and offered "full support" to people affected by it. Amazon's human resources department emailed employees last weekend to request that they avoid traveling internationally if the new restrictions might prevent them from re-entering the country. Amazon -- which reportedly has 49 employees born in countries affected by the travel ban -- has also joined a lawsuit against the ban. -- In an open letter to staff, Starbucks' CEO Howard Schultz announced that the coffee company not only condemns the president's order, but has plans to hire 10,000 people who are recognized by the United Nations as refugees. Schultz assured employees of Starbucks' commitment to address the order, noting that the company would "neither stand by, nor stand silent, as the uncertainty around the new Administration's actions grows with each passing day." [See: 10 Reasons to Quit Your Job Already.] -- Google ordered its employees overseas to return home immediately, while CEO Sundar Pichai wrote to employees: "It's painful to see the personal cost of this executive order on our colleagues. We've always made our view on immigration issues known publicly and will continue to do so." -- CEO Bill McDermott of SAP SE, the largest tech company in Europe, sent employees a letter of reassurance that emphasized the company's nondiscrimination policies. In the letter, McDermott wrote, "To all our nervous families wondering about your place in the world, we are always in your corner." -- A memo sent to JPMorgan staff from the company's operating committee stated that the Wall Street bank had "worked to reach out to all JPMorgan Chase employees on sponsored visas who are potentially impacted by the recent orders." The memo emphasized the company's "unwavering commitment" to its employees, including "a number of our outstanding employees -- all of whom have adhered to our country's immigration and employment processes -- who have come to the United States to serve our company, clients and communities." Business Insider reported that the company also set up a hotline for employees who could be affected by the travel ban. No matter where you work and whether your employer's leadership team made a specific announcement about their corporate response to the new immigration policy, there are steps you can take to begin to navigate these evolving changes in the workplace: Know who's affected by the ban. Global companies across diverse industries may be affected by the new immigration policy. Though the policy has generated some confusion, it has affected the ability of people -- including company employees with valid visas -- from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen to enter the U.S. This means some of your global colleagues may be impacted personally even if you aren't. [See: How to Follow Up on a Job Application Without Being Annoying.] Plan travel accordingly. If you're being sent on an international business trip, be aware of the new immigration policy, and be sure to plan global travel accordingly. While lawsuits like the one filed by Amazon mentioned above are in progress, it will take time to see what evolves, and there has already been much confusion about where green card holders, those with visas and dual citizens stand under the new policy. Human resources can provide more information about your company's travel policies and how they may be affected by the travel ban. Discuss issues or concerns with your boss or HR. If you're uncertain how the Trump administration's new policy might affect you or your work group, request additional information from your supervisor or your human resources team. While the situation is still unfolding, HR should be able to provide the best guidance internally on what the travel ban means for employees and the proper procedures to follow for those affected. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge 8088 messages7%71%22% Unlimited Data Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored Behind the Scenes with 'Newsies' Cast Filming Show Live 1 messages Teen receives extremely blunt job rejection, fights back on Twitter 3117 messages5%73%22% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1277 messages5%58%37% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored Shaq Dunks Cookies with His Mind, Talks Mental Toughness ‘Cash Me Ousside’ Girl Tells Dr. Phil That She Made Him Famous 203 messages3%72%25% Nordstrom Respond to President Trump's Angry Tweet 1284 messages4%70%26% McKayla Maroney Looks Completely Unrecognizable AllRookieSponsored Maryland Mom Pleads Guilty in Beating Death of 9-Year-Old Son For Eating Piece of Birthday Cake 2516 messages5%56%39% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1073 messages9%23%68% Larry Birkhead on Relationship with Anna Nicole Smith, Raising Their Daughter 1 messages This $0.39 Marijuana Research Stock Set to Rise Agora FinancialSponsored We're up to six Patriots players who have publicly said they won't visit the White House 7994 messages5%65%30% Rosamund Pike Rips Her Dress Live on The Tonight Show: ‘I Might Have Just Fallen Apart From Behind!’ 195 messages8%71%21% Protests Erupt in Los Angeles Following Reports of Immigration Raids D J: if you are here illlegally, YOU ARE A CRIMINAL. PERIOD. You have broken the law. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.9k Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rice Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rice Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) to Buy Diploma PLC (DPLM) Receives Add Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Declares Quarterly Dividend of C$0.35 Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Increases Dividend to $0.30 Per Share Salient Midstream & MLP Fund Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (SMM) Salient Midstream & MLP Fund Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 (SMM) Marinus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (MRNS) Receives $2.50 Average Price Target from Analysts Ardelyx, Inc. (ARDX) Receives $19.67 Average Target Price from Brokerages Leerink Swann Equities Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Mallinckrodt PLC (MNK) Finisar Corporation (FNSR) Receives $38.16 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Hi-Crush Partners LP (HCLP) Receives $17.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Analysts Set Hyatt Hotels Corporation (H) Price Target at $52.24 Insider Selling: Overstock.com, Inc. (OSTK) Major Shareholder Sells $39,844,367.28 in Stock AvalonBay Communities, Inc. (AVB) Earns Buy Rating from Mizuho Teradata Co. (TDC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Stewart Information Services Corporation (STC) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.16 EPS Wedbush Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) PT Set at $120.00 by Credit Suisse Group L Brands Inc (LB) Given a $75.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts Tealwood Asset Management Inc. Has $2,377,000 Stake in Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Tealwood Asset Management Inc. lowered its stake in Rice Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:RMP) by 9.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 97,995 shares of the company’s stock after selling 10,775 shares during the period. Tealwood Asset Management Inc. owned about 0.12% of Rice Midstream Partners worth $2,377,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of RMP. Creative Planning increased its stake in shares of Rice Midstream Partners by 78.2% in the third quarter. Creative Planning now owns 9,740 shares of the company’s stock worth $236,000 after buying an additional 4,275 shares during the last quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its stake in shares of Rice Midstream Partners by 7.1% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 13,372 shares of the company’s stock worth $324,000 after buying an additional 891 shares during the last quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Rice Midstream Partners during the second quarter worth about $185,000. Alps Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Rice Midstream Partners during the third quarter worth about $479,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Rice Midstream Partners by 5,575.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 22,703 shares of the company’s stock worth $464,000 after buying an additional 22,303 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.35% of the company’s stock. Shares of Rice Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:RMP) traded up 0.75% during trading on Monday, hitting $25.50. The stock had a trading volume of 9,148 shares. The company has a market cap of $2.60 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.90 and a beta of 1.37. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $23.99 and its 200-day moving average price is $22.18. Rice Midstream Partners LP has a one year low of $9.06 and a one year high of $25.71. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, February 16th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, February 7th will be given a $0.2505 dividend. This is an increase from Rice Midstream Partners’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.24. This represents a $1.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.96%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, February 3rd. Rice Midstream Partners’s dividend payout ratio is currently 74.07%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/tealwood-asset-management-inc-has-2377000-stake-in-rice-midstream-partners-lp-rmp.html. RMP has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) initiated coverage on Rice Midstream Partners in a research report on Monday, November 7th. They set a “buy” rating and a $30.00 price objective for the company. Howard Weil raised their price objective on Rice Midstream Partners from $27.00 to $29.00 and gave the stock a “sector outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 11th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Rice Midstream Partners from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 9th. Finally, TheStreet downgraded Rice Midstream Partners from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Thursday. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. Rice Midstream Partners has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $25.00. Rice Midstream Partners Company Profile Rice Midstream Partners LP owns, operates, develops and acquires midstream assets in the Appalachian Basin. The Company’s segments are gathering and compression, and water services. The gathering and compression segment provides natural gas gathering and compression services for Rice Energy Inc (Rice Energy) and third parties in the Appalachian Basin. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RMP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Rice Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:RMP). Receive News & Ratings for Rice Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rice Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Samstag, 11. Februar | 10:04 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 14:21 | 06.02.2017 AmeriGas Partners, L.P. to Issue Notes AmeriGas Partners, L.P. (NYSE: APU) (“AmeriGas Partners”) announced today that it and its wholly owned subsidiary, AmeriGas Finance Corp. (the “Co-Issuer”), intend to offer, subject to market and other conditions, $525,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2027 in a registered public offering. The net proceeds from the offering will be used to finance AmeriGas Partners’ tender offer for any and all of the outstanding 7.00% Senior Notes due 2022 and any remaining net proceeds will be used for general business purposes. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated are acting as joint book-running managers for the notes offering. This offering is being made under an effective shelf registration statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and this offering is being made only by means of a prospectus supplement for this offering and a related base prospectus dated June 20, 2016. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the prospectus supplement and the related base prospectus may also be obtained by contacting: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717 or by calling 866-803-9204. This announcement is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any note in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or solicitation, or the sale of these notes, would be unlawful without registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. About AmeriGas Partners AmeriGas Partners is the nation’s largest retail propane marketer, serving approximately 1.9 million residential, commercial, industrial, agricultural, wholesale and motor fuel customers in all 50 states from approximately 1,900 propane distribution locations. UGI Corporation, through subsidiaries, is the sole General Partner and owns 26% of AmeriGas Partners and the public owns the remaining 74%. Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements that management believes to be reasonable as of today’s date only. Actual results may differ significantly because of risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond management’s control. You should read AmeriGas Partners’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more extensive list of factors that could affect results. Among them are adverse weather conditions, cost volatility and availability of propane, increased customer conservation measures, the capacity to transport propane to our market areas, the impact of pending and future legal proceedings, liability for uninsured claims and for claims in excess of insurance coverage, political, economic and regulatory conditions in the U.S. and abroad, our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions and achieve anticipated synergies, and the interruption, disruption, failure, malfunction, or breach of our information technology systems, including due to cyber-attack. AmeriGas Partners undertakes no obligation to release revisions to its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after today. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170206005576/en/ Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 10:27 Uhr | 11.02.2017 OTS: Acceleratio Capital N.V. / ... 22:31 Uhr | 10.02.2017 ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:21 Uhr | 10.02.2017 Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:14 Uhr | 10.02.2017 Merkel empfängt kanadischen ... 21:50 Uhr | 10.02.2017 dpa-AFX Überblick: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Market Insider with Patti Domm Early movers: HAS, FDX, TSN, NWL, TIF, DIS & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack Monday, 6 Feb 2017 | 7:50 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Spencer Platt | Getty Images Hasbro — The toy maker earned an adjusted $1.64 per share for its latest quarter, well above estimates of $1.27 a share. Revenue beat forecasts and the company also raised its quarterly dividend to 57 cents per share from 51 cents. Hasbro's results were helped by holiday season demand for its Disney Princess and "Frozen"-themed dolls. FedEx — The stock was upgraded to "outperform" from "market perform" at Raymond James, which has a price target of $210 compared to the current price of $188.21. Tyson Foods — The poultry, beef, and pork producer earned $1.59 per share for its latest quarter, above estimates of $1.26 a share. Revenue also beat Street forecasts. Tyson's earnings for the quarter were a record high, as was its operating margins. It also raised its full-year forecast above current consensus estimates. Newell Brands — The household products maker earned an adjusted 80 cents per share for its latest quarter, matching Street forecasts. Revenue was below forecasts, however. Newell raised its full-year outlook, as it benefits from increased sales, cost savings, and other factors. Tiffany — Tiffany announced that Chief Executive Officer Frederic Cumenal is stepping down. Cumenal is being replaced at the helm of the luxury goods retailer by chairman Michael Kowalski, who had preceded Cumenal as CEO. Walt Disney — Disney CEO Robert Iger may extend his term in that job for a third time, according to The Wall Street Journal. Iger is scheduled to retire in 16 months, but the paper notes there's no successor in sight following the departure of former chief operating officer Tom Staggs last year. Toyota — Toyota raised its full-year profit outlook by nearly 10 percent, with a weaker yen a major contributor to the automaker's improved outlook. Cost-cutting at Toyota is also helping its bottom line. JPMorgan Chase — JPMorgan received a license to underwrite corporate bonds in China, becoming the first U.S.-based bank to be granted such a license. Alphabet — Alphabet's Google unit has been ordered to turn over emails stored overseas, the opposite ruling seen in an earlier case involving Microsoft. Apple, Alphabet, and Microsoft — The three are among the biggest tech names filing a legal brief opposing President Donald Trump's immigration ban, saying it inflicts "significant harm on American business." Amazon.com — Amazon is targeting a gradual rollout of what ultimately will be 2,000 grocery stores, according to the New York Post, with projected profit margins at 22 percent to 40 percent. Laboratory Corp. — The medical lab operator is in talks to acquire privately held contract researcher Pharmaceutical Product Development for more than $8 billion, according to a Reuters report. PPD was taken private in 2011 for $3.9 billion. CBS — CBS was upgraded to "overweight" from "neutral" at Atlantic Equities, which also increased its target price to $78 from $61. The firm points to benefits from the company's All Access service, improving content, and the idea that CBS could be an ideal merger and acquisition candidate. TrueCar — The stock was upgraded to "outperform" from "sector perform" at RBC Capital, which cites the car buying service's fundamentals and valuation, among other factors. General Electric — Germany's Siemens ran a successful test of 3D-printed gas turbine blades. That gave a slight boost to shares of GE in pre-market trading, with GE having bought two 3D printing firms in 2016 and putting its first 3D-printed aircraft component into service last year. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change HAS --- TRUE --- GE --- LH --- MSFT --- CBS --- GOOGL --- 7203.T --- TIF --- JPM --- AAPL --- DIS --- AMZN --- NWL --- FDX --- TSN ---
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Privacy Policy Contact The OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Acquires Shares of 18,800 Exar Corporation (EXAR) February 6, 2017 Harold C. McSweeney OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp acquired a new position in shares of Exar Corporation (NYSE:EXAR) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm acquired 18,800 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $175,000. Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. California State Teachers Retirement System raised its position in Exar Corporation by 2.8% in the second quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 85,619 shares of the company’s stock worth $689,000 after buying an additional 2,324 shares during the period. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of Exar Corporation by 3.9% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 235,740 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,898,000 after buying an additional 8,810 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Exar Corporation by 61,777.4% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 38,364 shares of the company’s stock valued at $308,000 after buying an additional 38,302 shares during the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of Exar Corporation by 6.2% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 2,656,691 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,386,000 after buying an additional 154,847 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of Exar Corporation by 1.7% in the second quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 115,203 shares of the company’s stock valued at $927,000 after buying an additional 1,920 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 78.51% of the company’s stock. Exar Corporation (NYSE:EXAR) traded up 2.34% on Wednesday, hitting $10.49. 152,685 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $526.05 million, a P/E ratio of 1165.56 and a beta of 1.50. Exar Corporation has a 12 month low of $4.82 and a 12 month high of $11.09. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $10.39 and a 200-day moving average price of $9.47. Exar Corporation (NYSE:EXAR) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.07. The company earned $27.20 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $27.08 million. Exar Corporation had a net margin of 0.49% and a return on equity of 5.40%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 7.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.02 EPS. Equities analysts predict that Exar Corporation will post $0.30 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Several equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $11.50 target price on shares of Exar Corporation in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Exar Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. In related news, Director Pierre G. Guilbault sold 6,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $9.76, for a total value of $63,440.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 42,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $414,800. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 2.53% of the company’s stock. About Exar Corporation Exar Corporation (Exar) designs, develops and markets analog mixed-signal integrated circuits (ICs) and sub-system solutions. The Company’s products are deployed in a range of applications, such as industrial, instrumentation and medical equipment, networking and telecommunication systems, servers, enterprise storage systems, flat panel displays, light emitting diode (LED) lighting solutions, set top boxes and digital video recorders. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EXAR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Exar Corporation (NYSE:EXAR). Business Post navigation The OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Reduces Position in Frank’s International N.V. (FI) The Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Increases Position in Aramark (ARMK) Related posts February 11, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 The Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Netflix Inc. Cut by Analyst (NFLX) Netflix Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) – Jefferies Group cut their Q3 2017 earnings per share estimates for shares... February 11, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 The Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corp. (BAH) Receives $36.33 Consensus PT from Analysts Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corp. (NYSE:BAH) has been assigned an average rating of “Buy” from the... February 11, 2017 Donald Swayze 0 The iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM) Short Interest Down 10.4% in December iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (NYSE:IWM) saw a large drop in short interest in December. As... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Netflix Inc. Cut by Analyst (NFLX) The Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corp. (BAH) Receives $36.33 Consensus PT from Analysts The iShares Russell 2000 Index (ETF) (IWM) Short Interest Down 10.4% in December The Brokerages Set United Therapeutics Corp. (UTHR) PT at $142.75 The FY2017 EPS Estimates for Occidental Petroleum Corp. Boosted by Analyst (OXY) The Enerplus Corp (ERF) to Issue Feb 17 Dividend of C$0.01 on February 15th The Desjardins Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for CGI Group Inc. (GIB) The Duff & Phelps Utilities Income Inc. (dnp) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 27th The GRUPO AVAL SA (aval) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 27th The Brokerages Expect ZTO EXPRESS INC (ZTO) to Announce $1.10 EPS The Empresa Nacional de Electricidad Sa (EOCC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts The Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts The Analysts Set Corning Inc. (GLW) Price Target at $24.33 The Ciner Resources LP (CINR) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts The Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc. (SNDX) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages The Newmont Mining Corp. (NEM) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts The Hoegh LNG Partners LP (HMLP) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY) Short Interest Down 17.0% in December The Univar Inc. (UNVR) Reaches New 52-Week High on Insider Buying Activity The Enerplus Corp. (ERF) to Issue Dividend Increase – $0.01 Per Share © DailyQuint.
null
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - UK markets closed higher on Friday, with the FTSE 100 index reaching a 2-week high level Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 09:42 06 Feb 2017 ., Mon UK Market Snapshot UK markets closed higher on Friday, with the FTSE 100 index reaching a 2-week high level, boosted by gains in banking stocks amid reports that Donald Trump was planning to repeal the Dodd-Frank law. HSBC Holdings, Standard Chartered, Lloyds Banking Group, Royal Bank of Scotland Group and Barclays climbed 1.2%, 1.3%, 1.5%, 2.7% and 3.4%, respectively. Beazley jumped 6.4%, after it reported an increase in its full year profit and raised its dividend. Multinational firms, GlaxoSmithKline, Hikma Pharmaceuticals and AstraZeneca rose 0.7%, 0.9% and 2.0%, respectively, helped by weakness in the Pound. On the contrary, miners, BHP Billiton, Antofagasta and Glencore fell 2.5%, 3.3% and 4.8%, respectively, after China’s central bank lifted its key interest rates in the money market. The FTSE 100 advanced 0.7%, to close at 7,188.3, while the FTSE 250 rose 0.8%, to settle at 18,411.7. US Market Snapshot US markets ended in the green on Friday, after a stronger than expected report on non-farm payrolls for January bolstered investor sentiment. Additionally, news emerged that the US President, Donald Trump, had taken steps to cancel regulations in the financial sector. Banks, Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs Group and Morgan Stanley advanced 2.5%, 3.1%, 3.2%, 4.6% and 5.5%, respectively. Macy’s jumped 6.4%, on news that Hudson’s Bay, up 3.1%, was in acquisition talks with the US department-store chain. Amgen gained 5.0%, following better than expected earnings for the fourth quarter. Bucking the trend, Chipotle Mexican Grill eased 4.5%, after it posted downbeat profit for the fourth quarter. Amazon.com lost 3.5%, after it reported disappointing sales for the fourth quarter and holiday season. The S&P 500 gained 0.7%, to settle at 2,297.4. The DJIA rose 0.9%, to settle at 20,071.5, while the NASDAQ advanced 0.5%, to close at 5,666.8. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets finished higher on Friday, led by gains in banks, on the prospects that Trump would ease regulations in the US financial sector. BNP Paribas, Credit Suisse Group and Deutsche Bank added 1.5%, 1.8% and 2.7%, respectively. Intesa Sanpaolo gained 2.7%, after it reported a rise in its profit for the full year and its CEO announced that it will stick to its dividend plan for 2017 amid a possible merger with Assicurazioni Generali. On the losing side, Banco Popular Espanol plunged 7.4%, after the lender reported a net loss of €3.48 billion for the full year. Material sector stocks, Boliden and ArcelorMittal declined 1.7% and 2.3%, respectively, as the major consumer of industrial and precious metals, China, posted dismal manufacturing data for January. The FTSEurofirst 300 index gained 0.6%, to close at 1,436.5. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 rose 0.2%, to close at 11,651.5, while the French CAC-40 advanced 0.6%, to settle at 4,825.4. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading higher this morning, following positive cues from global equity markets on Friday. In Japan, financial stocks, Resona Holdings, Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group have climbed 0.6%, 1.9% and 4.1%, respectively.  Toyota Motor has gained 0.3%, as it is expected to announce a business tie-up with Suzuki Motor, down 0.8%, later in the day. In Hong Kong, China Petroleum & Chemical and CNOOC have declined 0.2% and 0.7%, respectively. In South Korea, index major, LG Electronics has edged 0.9% up, while peer, Samsung Electronics has shed 0.5%. The Nikkei 225 index is trading marginally higher at 18,922.9. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.6% up at 23,272.9, while the Kospi index is trading 0.2% higher at 2,077.4. Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs Gledhow Investments Final Dividend Payment Date Artemis VCT, Cerillion, ITE Group, JPMorgan Asian Investment Trust, Schroder UK Mid Cap Fund Interim Dividend Payment Date BT Group Special Dividend Payment Date Artemis VCT Trading Announcements Gem Diamonds Ltd. (DI), easyJet Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs Conygar Investment Company, Dewhurst, Numis, UDG Healthcare Final Dividend Payment Date Mitchells & Butlers, On The Beach Group Interim Dividend Payment Date Johnson Matthey, Workspace Group Trading Announcements Bellway, Firstgroup, Michael Kors, Quotient, UDG Healthcare Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0430GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 0.33% or $0.19 higher at $57.00 per barrel. On Friday, the contract rose 0.44% or $0.25, to settle at $56.81 per barrel, after the US imposed sanctions on Iran following a fresh missile test by the latter. However, gains were kept in check after Baker Hughes announced that US crude oil rigs climbed by 17 to 583 in the week ended 03 February 2017. Gold At 0430GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading 0.56% or $6.80 higher at $1225.30 per ounce. On Friday, the contract advanced 0.15% or $1.80, to settle at $1218.50 per ounce, after reports showed that US unemployment rate surprisingly rose and wage growth slowed in January, raising expectations that the US Fed would not hike interest rate next month. Currency At 0430GMT today, the EUR is trading a tad lower against the USD at $1.0778, ahead of Germany’s factory orders for December and construction PMI for January, set to release in a while. Moreover, a speech by the European Central Bank’s (ECB) President, Mario Draghi, in the European Parliament today would be closely watched by investors. On Friday, the EUR strengthened 0.21% versus the USD, to close at $1.0781, after the Euro-zone’s final services PMI slightly edged up in January. At 0430GMT today, the GBP is trading marginally lower against the USD at $1.2482. On Friday, the GBP weakened 0.28% versus the USD, to close at $1.2485, after UK’s services sector activity expanded at a slower than expected pace in January, suggesting that the nation’s economy may be starting to lose some momentum. Fixed Income In the US, long term treasury prices fell and pushed yields slightly higher, amid gains in US stock markets following the release of robust jobs report for January. On Friday, yield on 10-year notes rose 1 basis point to 2.49%, while yield on 2-year notes remained flat at 1.21%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield rose 2 basis points to 3.11%. Key Economic News UK services PMI slid in January The services PMI dropped to 54.50 in January, in the UK, compared to a level of 56.20 in the prior month. Markets were anticipating the services PMI to drop to a level of 55.80. UK official reserves rose in January In the UK, official reserves registered a rise of $810.00 million, in January. Official reserves had registered a rise of $29.00 million in the prior month. Euro-zone retail sales unexpectedly fell in December In December, on a MoM basis, the seasonally adjusted retail sales unexpectedly dropped by 0.30% in the Euro-zone, compared to a revised drop of 0.60% in the prior month. Market anticipation was for retail sales to advance 0.30%. Euro-zone services PMI remained flat in January In January, the final services PMI remained steady at a level of 53.70 in the Euro-zone, higher than market expectations of a drop to a level of 53.60. The preliminary figures had recorded a drop to 53.60. Euro-zone composite PMI remained flat in January The final composite PMI remained steady at 54.40 in January, in the Euro-zone. The preliminary figures had recorded a fall to 54.30. Markets were anticipating to fall to 54.30. German services PMI slid in January The final services PMI in Germany fell to a level of 53.40 in January, compared to market expectations of a drop to a level of 53.20. The preliminary figures had recorded a drop to 53.20. In the previous month, services PMI had recorded a reading of 54.30. French services PMI climbed in January The final services PMI in France registered a rise to 54.10 in January, higher than market expectations of a rise to a level of 53.90. The preliminary figures had recorded a rise to 53.90. In the prior month, services PMI had registered a reading of 52.90. Italian services PMI rose in January In January, the services PMI recorded a rise to 52.40 in Italy, lower than market expectations of an advance to a level of 52.50. The services PMI had recorded a reading of 52.30 in the previous month. Italian EU normalised CPI dropped more than expected in January On a MoM basis, the flash EU normalised consumer price index (CPI) fell 2.00% in January, in Italy, more than market expectations for a drop of 1.80%. In the previous month, the EU normalised CPI had climbed 0.40%. Italian CPI advanced less than expected in January On a monthly basis, the preliminary CPI in Italy recorded a rise of 0.20% in January, compared to an advance of 0.40% in the previous month. Markets were anticipating the CPI to climb 0.30%. Spanish services PMI declined in January The services PMI registered a drop to 54.20 in January, in Spain, lower than market expectations of a fall to a level of 54.70. In the prior month, the services PMI had recorded a reading of 55.00. Swiss UBS real estate bubble index rose in 4Q 2016 The UBS real estate bubble index in Switzerland climbed to 1.35 in 4Q 2016. The UBS real estate bubble index had registered a revised reading of 1.34 in the previous quarter. US Markit composite PMI advanced in January In the US, the final Markit composite PMI registered a rise to 55.80 in January. In the prior month, Markit composite PMI had registered a reading of 54.10. The preliminary figures had recorded a rise to 55.40. US average hourly earnings of all employees advanced less than expected in January Average hourly earnings of all employees in the US advanced 2.50% in January on a YoY basis, compared to a revised advance of 2.80% in the previous month. Markets were expecting average hourly earnings of all employees to advance 2.70%. US durable goods orders (ex transportation) registered a rise in December The final durable goods orders (ex transportation) in the US advanced 0.50% on a monthly basis, in December. In the prior month, durable goods orders (ex transportation) had risen by a revised 1.00%. The preliminary figures had also indicated a rise of 0.50%. US average weekly hours of all employees remained unchanged in January In January, average weekly hours of all employees in the US remained unchanged at 34.40, compared to market expectations of a fall to a level of 34.30. US unemployment rate unexpectedly climbed in January In the US, unemployment rate recorded an unexpected rise to 4.80% in January, compared to a rate of 4.70% in the previous month. Markets were expecting unemployment rate to remain unchanged. US factory orders advanced more than expected in December On a MoM basis in the US, factory orders recorded a rise of 1.30% in December, more than market expectations for a rise of 0.50%. Factory orders had fallen by a revised 2.30% in the prior month. US average hourly earnings of all employees rose less than expected in January Average hourly earnings of all employees registered a rise of 0.10% on a monthly basis in January, in the US, less than market expectations for an advance of 0.30%. In the previous month, average hourly earnings of all employees had risen by a revised 0.20%. US Markit services PMI rose in January In the US, the final Markit services PMI registered a rise to 55.60 in January. Markit services PMI had registered a level of 53.90 in the prior month. The preliminary figures had recorded a rise to 55.10. Non-farm payrolls in the US advanced in January Non-farm payrolls in the US climbed by 227.00 K in January, compared to a revised increase of 157.00 K in the prior month. Market anticipation was for non-farm payrolls to advance 180.00 K. Manufacturing payrolls in the US rose in January Manufacturing payrolls recorded an increase of 5.00 K in the US, in January, in line with market expectations 5.00 K. Manufacturing payrolls had registered a revised increase of 11.00 K in the previous month. US non-manufacturing PMI eased surprisingly in January In the US, the non-manufacturing PMI dropped unexpectedly to a level of 56.50 in January, lower than market expectations of a rise to 57.00. The non-manufacturing PMI had registered a revised level of 56.60 in the prior month. US non-defence capital goods shipments (ex aircraft) climbed in December In December, on a MoM basis, the final non-defence capital goods shipments (ex aircraft) advanced 1.00% in the US. In the prior month, the non-defence capital goods shipments (ex aircraft) had recorded a revised rise of 0.60%. The preliminary figures had also indicated a rise of 1.00%. US non-defence capital goods orders (ex aircraft) climbed in December The final non-defence capital goods orders (ex aircraft) recorded a rise of 0.70% in the US on a monthly basis, in December. The non-defence capital goods orders (ex aircraft) had registered a revised rise of 1.50% in the prior month. The preliminary figures had recorded a rise of 0.80%. US underemployment rate rose in January In January, underemployment rate climbed to 9.40% in the US, compared to a rate of 9.20% in the prior month. Private payrolls in the US climbed in January In the US, private payrolls rose by 237.00 K in January, compared to market expectations of an advance of 175.00 K. Private payrolls had recorded a revised increase of 165.00 K in the previous month. US durable goods orders slid in December On a MoM basis, the final durable goods orders in the US registered a drop of 0.50% in December. Durable goods orders had dropped by a revised 4.80% in the previous month. The preliminary figures had recorded a fall of 0.40%. Japanese labour cash earnings rose less than expected in December Labour cash earnings in Japan registered a rise of 0.10% in December on a YoY basis, compared to a revised advance of 0.50% in the previous month. Market expectation was for labour cash earnings to rise 0.40%. Chinese Caixin/Markit services PMI index eased in January In China, the Caixin/Markit services PMI index fell to a level of 53.10 in January. The Caixin/Markit services PMI index had registered a level of 53.40 in the prior month. Chinese Caixin composite PMI declined in January In January, Caixin composite PMI in China registered a drop to 52.20, compared to a reading of 53.50 in the previous month. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 44-56 We set you thinking Saturday 11 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Sports No change in Hyfa rent despite new operating rules 1486756920 World Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong 1486805170 World South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias 1486805409 Lifestyle Candy-tasting job isn’t always so sweet 1486804605 World U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya 1486803025 World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure 1486803116 China&India Guangzhou says many poultry markets infected with bird flu 1486803706 World UK to close Iraq war abuse unit, citing false claims 1486802710 World China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension 1486802822 World Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 1486801218 World Thousands gathered at Jakarta mosque urged to vote for Muslim governor 1486791471 World Freedom granted to Canadian man who beheaded and cannibalised fellow bus passenger 1486799801 World Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo life-saving surgery in US after Trump travel ban lifted 1486798606 World Islamic State fighter is first Australian stripped of citizenship: report 1486794545 World China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain 1486794850 World Johor’s Forest City seeks to diversify ownership amid Chinese dominance: Report 1486795608 World Trump says considering ‘brand new’ immigration order 1486795309 World In welcoming Shinzo Abe, Trump affirms US commitment to defending Japan 1486792904 World New top U.S. diplomat plays central role in Trump's China shift 1486787275 World Paraguay gives remains of military dictatorship victims to families 1486786950 Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion 1486786799 Business Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI 1486756330 Singapore Police looking into allegedly inappropriate comments made by officer 1486745940 Singapore Four winners share S$12 million prize in TOTO Hongbao draw 1486733400 Voices Consider top-ups for SkillsFuture Credit 1486756920 Sports More power in shots, better control of the ball 1486737360 Singapore Rail network hit by 3 disruptions in a day 1486745160 Business UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' 1486778193 Singapore The Big Read: CFE’s focus on strategy, not schemes, a sign of the times 1486745760 World Brazil's Espirito Santo state says reaches deal to end police strike 1486776016 World Germany says U.S. demand for more NATO burden-sharing is 'fair' 1486774742 Business Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums 1486766285 Business Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business 1486774129 World Trump to Iran's Rouhani: Better be careful 1486772644 World Brazil's former richest man to stand trial on corruption charges 1486769788 World Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide 1486768421 Business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case 1486770654 World Polish PM flown to Warsaw hospital after car crash 1486765409 World Syrian dissident says war 'over' as states cut aid to rebels 1486771379 Business Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms 1486767999 World After daring voyage to U.S., Haitians' dreams end in deportation 1486767302 World U.S. strike in Iraq targets Islamic State militant from France 1486766579 World Stampede at Angolan stadium kills 17, injures scores 1486767452 World Brazil Supreme Court judge calls for drugs legalization to beat gangs 1486766790 World France watches skies for Russian wargames, domestic drone threat 1486749124 Business Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes 1486767577 World Brazil judge approves promotion of Temer ally with legal caveat 1486764709 World Libya mayors say Europe's migration crisis should not be dumped on them 1486763329 Business Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy 1486762886 Business Trump tax cut talk, China data spur risk rally 1486759326 Business JPMorgan gets China corporate bond underwriting license FILE PHOTO - JPMorgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 3:20 PM, February 6, 2017 HONG KONG - JPMorgan Chase & Co < JPM.N> said on Monday it had received approval and license to underwrite corporate bonds in China's interbank bond market, making it the first U.S.-headquartered bank to do so. The license enables JPMorgan to underwrite debt financing instruments issued by non-financial entities, including commercial papers, medium-term notes and other instruments approved by regulators, it said. The license was granted by the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (NAFMII), which oversees the Chinese interbank bond market, said a statement issued by JPMorgan. China is the third largest bond market in the world with 43.7 trillion yuan ($6.37 trillion) outstanding at the end of 2016 with the interbank bond market accounting for over 90 percent, according to China Central Depository & Clearing Co. In September last year, JPMorgan was granted a business license to operate a fully owned fund management business in China, allowing it to set up an office in Shanghai free-trade zone. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Too soon’ to call property market recovery despite renewed interest: Redas president Zuercher Kantonalbank CEO: scant progress on U.S. tax case Yum Brands profit tops expectations as KFC, Taco Bell deliver Yen holds gains, European political risks generate safe-haven demand Will Trump’s recent executive orders affect confidence in the US? White House plans directive targeting 'conflict minerals' rule: sources White House memo confuses Wall Street on fate of fiduciary rule White House defends Trump criticism of Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka clothing line Wells Fargo sets up artificial intelligence team in tech push Wells Fargo likely to eliminate 2016 bonuses for top executives: WSJ Inside Today World South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Sports No change in Hyfa rent despite new operating rules Collapsing Liverpool must reboot or risk a Spurs beating More power in shots, better control of the ball SLA eases restrictions on Hyfa’s youth academy pitch usage Singapore paddler Chen Feng retires at age of 23 Entertainment Eat Already’s 2nd season to feature Cantonese, Teochew Big plans in store for National Museum of Singapore’s 130th birthday bash Beyonce faces US$20m copyright suit from YouTube star’s estate Christie Brinkley back in swimsuit in Sports Illustrated Madonna adopts 4-year-old twin girls in Malawi About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video RPT-JPMorgan gets China corporate bond underwriting licence Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Mon Feb 6, 2017 | 2:00am EST RPT-JPMorgan gets China corporate bond underwriting licence (Repeats to widen distribution with no changes to text) HONG KONG Feb 6 JPMorgan Chase & Co < JPM.N> said on Monday it had received approval and licence to underwrite corporate bonds in China's interbank bond market, making it the first U.S.-headquartered bank to do so. The licence enables JPMorgan to underwrite debt financing instruments issued by non-financial entities, including commercial papers, medium-term notes and other instruments approved by regulators, it said. The licence was granted by the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (NAFMII), which oversees the Chinese interbank bond market, said a statement issued by JPMorgan. China is the third largest bond market in the world with 43.7 trillion yuan ($6.37 trillion) outstanding at the end of 2016 with the interbank bond market accounting for over 90 percent, according to China Central Depository & Clearing Co. In September last year, JPMorgan was granted a business licence to operate a fully owned fund management business in China, allowing it to set up an office in Shanghai free-trade zone. ($1 = 6.8615 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Vyas Mohan) Next In Bonds News India's Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide LUCKNOW, India, Feb 11 Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi faces his biggest electoral test since coming to power when the battleground state of Uttar Pradesh, which he swept three years ago, holds an election starting on Saturday. BRIEF-Almadex Minerals says increase to previous private placement * Almadex Minerals announces increase to previously announced proposed private placement BRIEF-Xcel Brands Inc files for mixed shelf offering of up to $75 million - SEC filing * Xcel Brands Inc files for mixed shelf offering of up to $75 million - SEC filing Source text for Eikon: (http://bit.ly/2ltc2VK) Further company coverage: MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan gets China corporate bond underwriting license Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Mon Feb 6, 2017 | 2:00am EST JPMorgan gets China corporate bond underwriting license FILE PHOTO - A view of the exterior of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City, U.S. on May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/File Photo HONG KONG JPMorgan Chase & Co < JPM.N> said on Monday it had received approval and license to underwrite corporate bonds in China's interbank bond market, making it the first U.S.-headquartered bank to do so. The license enables JPMorgan to underwrite debt financing instruments issued by non-financial entities, including commercial papers, medium-term notes and other instruments approved by regulators, it said. The license was granted by the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (NAFMII), which oversees the Chinese interbank bond market, said a statement issued by JPMorgan. China is the third largest bond market in the world with 43.7 trillion yuan ($6.37 trillion) outstanding at the end of 2016 with the interbank bond market accounting for over 90 percent, according to China Central Depository & Clearing Co. In September last year, JPMorgan was granted a business license to operate a fully owned fund management business in China, allowing it to set up an office in Shanghai free-trade zone. (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Vyas Mohan) Next In Business News Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Two U.S. senators are seeking details from Goldman Sachs Group Inc's chief executive on the extent to which the bank's employees were involved in drafting of the recent executive orders on banking and fiduciary regulations. Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI SAN FRANCISCO Ford Motor Co plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in tech startup Argo AI to help the Detroit automaker reach its goal of producing a self-driving vehicle for commercial ride sharing fleets by 2021, the companies announced on Friday. Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion Reckitt Benckiser has agreed to buy U.S. baby formula maker Mead Johnson Nutrition for $16.6 billion, giving the British consumer goods company a new product line and expanding its presence in developing markets. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Realogy Holdings Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Realogy Holdings Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Realogy Holdings Corp. (RLGY) Stake Raised by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank raised its position in Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE:RLGY) by 11.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 38,813 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 3,875 shares during the period. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank’s holdings in Realogy Holdings Corp. were worth $1,004,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. GMT Capital Corp purchased a new stake in Realogy Holdings Corp. during the third quarter valued at $55,783,000. Point72 Asset Management L.P. raised its stake in Realogy Holdings Corp. by 203.7% in the second quarter. Point72 Asset Management L.P. now owns 2,741,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $79,553,000 after buying an additional 1,838,800 shares during the period. Manor Road Capital Partners LLC raised its stake in Realogy Holdings Corp. by 66.0% in the second quarter. Manor Road Capital Partners LLC now owns 4,563,750 shares of the company’s stock valued at $132,440,000 after buying an additional 1,813,750 shares during the period. Lakewood Capital Management LP purchased a new stake in Realogy Holdings Corp. during the third quarter valued at $45,302,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Realogy Holdings Corp. by 48.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,437,843 shares of the company’s stock valued at $63,044,000 after buying an additional 792,244 shares during the period. 99.85% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE:RLGY) traded up 1.79% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $26.22. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 528,655 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.74 billion, a PE ratio of 23.45 and a beta of 1.41. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $26.16 and a 200 day moving average price of $25.99. Realogy Holdings Corp. has a 52 week low of $21.43 and a 52 week high of $37.33. WARNING: This report was published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/realogy-holdings-corp-rlgy-stake-raised-by-zurcher-kantonalbank-zurich-cantonalbank.html. RLGY has been the topic of several research reports. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on Realogy Holdings Corp. in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $29.00 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Realogy Holdings Corp. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Wedbush upgraded Realogy Holdings Corp. from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $32.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Monday, December 19th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Evercore ISI assumed coverage on Realogy Holdings Corp. in a research report on Monday, November 14th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $26.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Barclays PLC assumed coverage on Realogy Holdings Corp. in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. They issued an “underweight” rating and a $23.00 price objective on the stock. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $33.64. In related news, CEO Richard A. Smith bought 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 10th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $24.19 per share, for a total transaction of $120,950.00. Following the acquisition, the chief executive officer now directly owns 413,311 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $9,997,993.09. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Insiders own 1.40% of the company’s stock. Realogy Holdings Corp. Company Profile Realogy Holdings Corp. is an integrated provider of residential real estate services in the United States. The Company is the franchisor of residential real estate brokerages with some of the recognized brands in the real estate industry, the owner of United States residential real estate brokerage offices, the global provider of outsourced employee relocation services and a provider of title and settlement services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RLGY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Realogy Holdings Corp. (NYSE:RLGY). Receive News & Ratings for Realogy Holdings Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Realogy Holdings Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $995,000 Position in Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Next » Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. (CPS) Shares Bought by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Pan American Silver Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pan American Silver Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Morgan Stanley Acquires 778,620 Shares of Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) Posted by William Strong on Feb 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Morgan Stanley raised its stake in shares of Pan American Silver Corp. (NASDAQ:PAAS) (TSE:PAA) by 106.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 1,509,802 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 778,620 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley owned about 0.99% of Pan American Silver Corp. worth $26,603,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of PAAS. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new position in Pan American Silver Corp. during the second quarter valued at $7,327,000. ING Groep NV acquired a new position in Pan American Silver Corp. during the second quarter valued at $211,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in Pan American Silver Corp. by 23.5% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 52,898 shares of the company’s stock valued at $871,000 after buying an additional 10,080 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Pan American Silver Corp. by 2,653.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 209,337 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,443,000 after buying an additional 201,735 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Global X Management Co. LLC raised its position in Pan American Silver Corp. by 142.2% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 2,484,344 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,863,000 after buying an additional 1,458,597 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 47.38% of the company’s stock. Shares of Pan American Silver Corp. (NASDAQ:PAAS) traded down 0.10% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $20.41. 1,322,148 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock’s market cap is $3.11 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $17.10 and its 200-day moving average is $17.46. Pan American Silver Corp. has a one year low of $7.57 and a one year high of $21.59. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Morgan Stanley Acquires 778,620 Shares of Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS)” was published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/morgan-stanley-acquires-778620-shares-of-pan-american-silver-corp-paas.html. Several equities analysts recently weighed in on PAAS shares. Canaccord Genuity started coverage on shares of Pan American Silver Corp. in a report on Tuesday, October 25th. They set a “hold” rating and a $17.50 target price on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Pan American Silver Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. BMO Capital Markets upgraded shares of Pan American Silver Corp. from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $24.00 to $28.00 in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. TD Securities restated a “hold” rating and set a $19.00 target price (up previously from $18.50) on shares of Pan American Silver Corp. in a report on Saturday, November 19th. Finally, Bank of America Corporation upgraded shares of Pan American Silver Corp. from an “underperform” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Pan American Silver Corp. currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $19.76. About Pan American Silver Corp. Pan American Silver Corp. (Pan American) is engaged in the production and sale of silver, gold and base metals including copper, lead and zinc, as well as other related activities, including exploration, extraction, processing, refining and reclamation. The Company’s primary product (silver) is produced in Peru, Mexico, Argentina and Bolivia. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PAAS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pan American Silver Corp. (NASDAQ:PAAS) (TSE:PAA). Receive News & Ratings for Pan American Silver Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pan American Silver Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. (AEO) Shares Bought by Morgan Stanley Next » Alerus Financial NA Has $2,035,000 Position in McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Street Talk Tags: trump | political | fight | banking law Trump Ignites Political Fight Over US Banking Law Reforms  (AP/Pablo Martinez) Sunday, 05 Feb 2017 10:06 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    U.S. President Donald Trump has ordered reviews of major banking rules that were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, drawing fire from Democrats who said his order lacked substance and squarely aligned him with Wall Street bankers. Though the order was short on specifics, financial markets embraced Trump's signal that looser banking regulation is coming and pushed bank stocks higher. The Dow Jones U.S. Banks stocks index closed up 2.6 percent. At a White House forum on Friday with U.S. business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase's CEO Jamie Dimon, Trump said his administration expects "to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank." That will involve a lot more than issuing an order, said former Democratic congressman Barney Frank, co-author of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law that raised capital requirements for banks, restricted their trading by means of the "Volcker Rule," and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to guard against predatory lending. Trump "can't make any substantial change in the financial reform bill without Congress," Frank told Reuters. "The language in the order doesn't do anything. It tells the secretary of the Treasury to give them something to read. The tone of it is to weaken the bill." Trump and other critics of the Dodd-Frank law say its regulations have hindered lending. At the meeting with CEO's on Friday Trump said, "I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses that can't borrow money...because the banks just won't let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank." Despite such criticisms, recent data from the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis showed U.S. commercial-bank lending at a 70-year high, climbing steadily since late-2010. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren who lobbied for the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau accused Trump of forsaking middle and lower-income individuals to help banks. "The Wall Street bankers and lobbyists whose greed and recklessness nearly destroyed this country may be toasting each other with champagne, but the American people have not forgotten the 2008 financial crisis - and they will not forget what happened today," she said in a statement. Trump's adviser leading the deregulation effort, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, was previously a top official at Goldman Sachs. Billionaire investor Carl Icahn, meanwhile, is counseling Trump on regulation across the government. One order signed by Trump requires the U.S. Treasury Secretary to submit possible regulatory changes and legislation modifying Dodd-Frank in 120 days, according to a White House official. Trump's pick for Treasury secretary, Steve Mnuchin, also a former Goldman banker, has yet to be confirmed by the full Senate. Meanwhile, a memo tells the Labor Department to review a "fiduciary rule" for brokers offering retirement advice that was finalized in 2016. While early reports said Trump wanted to push off the rule's implementation, originally slated for April, by 180 days, the order did not mention any delay. The Labor Department late on Friday said it was considering legal options for delaying. Representatives of the six largest U.S. banks - JPMorgan Chase & Co., Bank of America Corp., Citigroup Inc., Wells Fargo & Co., Goldman Sachs Group Inc.   and Morgan Stanley - either declined to comment or did not have an immediate comment. BANKERS CAUTIOUS Bankers, lawyers and lobbyists privately said Trump's order would not do much immediately. Also they said that they would prefer less-extensive modifications to Dodd-Frank after spending billions of dollars complying with the law. Many want to make it "a little bit more user-friendly," said John Kanas, chairman of BankUnited, a lender with less than $20 billion in assets. House of Representatives Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling, a Republican, told reporters at the White House that Trump's approach reflects legislation he has drafted to review Dodd-Frank. Hensarling is expected to re-introduce his bill allowing banks to choose between complying with Dodd-Frank and holding more capital later this month. Trump could also make changes simply by appointing new personnel or not enforcing rules. "A lot of the regulations of Dodd-Frank required a bit of a cop-on-the-beat if you will, to ensure enforcement and if you have a different cop-on-the-beat, they enforce different rules, or they enforce the rules differently," said FBR & CO financial policy analyst Edward Mills. Many regulators, though, were appointed by Trump's predecessor, President Barack Obama, and intend to complete their terms. Trump cannot fire heads of independent agencies, including the three top bank regulators: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, Comptroller of the Currency Thomas Curry, and Federal Deposit Insurance Corp Chairman Martin Gruenberg. In addition, the term for Richard Cordray, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau director, stretches into next year. Republican lawmakers are pushing Trump to fire Cordray, but a federal court's decision allowing him to has been stayed pending appeal. Meanwhile, some U.S. financial policy leaders want to keep the law. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans said on Friday Dodd-Frank "has largely been helpful" and led to a banking system with "more and better capital."  © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk U.S. President Donald Trump on Friday ordered reviews of major banking rules that were put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, drawing fire from Democrats who said his order lacked substance and squarely aligned him with Wall Street bankers. trump, political, fight, banking law 828 Sunday, 05 Feb 2017 10:06 AM 2017-06-05 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Apple, Google, Uber Join Fight Against Trump Travel Ban Monday, 06 Feb 2017 | 154 comments BOYCOTT THESE COMPANIES.... WSJ: US Companies Still Flock to Mexico Despite Trump Outrage Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 24 comments It makes good sense to move manufacturing to Mexico if you plan to sell... Kudlow: Trump Ban Isn't About Muslims or Business, 'It's About Terrorists' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 23 comments Actually, the travel restrictions are about keeping America SAFE!... Deutsche Bank: Trump Poised to Name China a 'Currency Manipulator' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 22 comments This is a free and competitive market and no one forces you to buy. Read... Gallup: Economic Confidence Index Hit New High as Trump Took Office Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 17 comments We finally got a good business man as president that actually cares about...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BroadSoft Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BroadSoft Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 238,867 Shares in XPO Logistics, Inc. (XPO) Acquired by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $8,539,000 Position in KBR, Inc. (KBR) CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) Position Lowered by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Has $3,305,000 Position in Dolby Laboratories (DLB) Allison Transmission Holdings Inc (ALSN) Stake Raised by Gotham Asset Management LLC D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Decreases Stake in Quidel Corporation (QDEL) Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc (SMFG) Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Boosts Position in Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group Inc (SMFG) Costamare Inc. (CMRE) Shares Sold by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc. (ASX) Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC Invests $109,000 in Just Energy Group, Inc. (JE) The KEYW Holding Corporation (KEYW) CAO Kimberly Dechello Sells 4,505 Shares Clinton Group Inc. Invests $1,164,000 in Enbridge Energy, L.P. (EEP) Boston Scientific Corporation (BSX) Shares Bought by Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Western Uranium Co (WSTRF) Director Sells $15,117.08 in Stock The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company Takes Position in Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) Shares Sold by Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Lowered by Analytic Investors LLC Analytic Investors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Donegal Group, Inc. (DGICA) Analytic Investors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Escalade, Incorporated (ESCA) BroadSoft, Inc. (BSFT) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC lowered its position in BroadSoft, Inc. (NASDAQ:BSFT) by 0.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 88,778 shares of the company’s stock after selling 445 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC owned approximately 0.29% of BroadSoft worth $4,133,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Argent Capital Management LLC boosted its position in BroadSoft by 14.9% in the second quarter. Argent Capital Management LLC now owns 72,650 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,981,000 after buying an additional 9,400 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in BroadSoft by 14,286.4% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 6,330 shares of the company’s stock worth $260,000 after buying an additional 6,286 shares during the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its position in BroadSoft by 2.6% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 19,408 shares of the company’s stock worth $796,000 after buying an additional 488 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in BroadSoft by 23.5% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 14,699 shares of the company’s stock worth $603,000 after buying an additional 2,800 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its position in BroadSoft by 20.4% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 4,053 shares of the company’s stock worth $166,000 after buying an additional 686 shares during the last quarter. Shares of BroadSoft, Inc. (NASDAQ:BSFT) opened at 43.00 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.30 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 193.69 and a beta of 1.67. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $42.27 and a 200-day moving average of $43.53. BroadSoft, Inc. has a one year low of $26.99 and a one year high of $48.40. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “BroadSoft, Inc. (BSFT) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/broadsoft-inc-bsft-shares-sold-by-tiaa-cref-investment-management-llc.html. A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on BSFT shares. William Blair reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of BroadSoft in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Needham & Company LLC lowered their price objective on shares of BroadSoft from $48.00 to $47.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, November 1st. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating, four have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. BroadSoft currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $45.29. In related news, insider Taher G. Behbehani sold 4,188 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $41.17, for a total value of $172,419.96. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 50,141 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,064,304.97. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 1.50% of the company’s stock. About BroadSoft BroadSoft, Inc is a provider of software and services that enable telecommunications service providers to deliver hosted, cloud-based Unified Communications (UC) to their enterprise customers. The Company offers service providers two deployment options, software and software-as-a-service (SaaS), to enable them to offer UC services to their enterprise customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BSFT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BroadSoft, Inc. (NASDAQ:BSFT). Receive News & Ratings for BroadSoft Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BroadSoft Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Northrop Grumman Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts BlackRock Advisors LLC Sells 249,991 Shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Posted by William Strong on Feb 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet BlackRock Advisors LLC lowered its position in shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) by 12.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 1,702,696 shares of the company’s stock after selling 249,991 shares during the period. BlackRock Advisors LLC owned about 0.97% of Northrop Grumman Corporation worth $364,292,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. FMR LLC raised its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 69.2% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 4,262,441 shares of the company’s stock worth $947,455,000 after buying an additional 1,742,969 shares during the last quarter. Capital International Investors raised its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 57.7% in the second quarter. Capital International Investors now owns 1,799,200 shares of the company’s stock worth $399,926,000 after buying an additional 658,300 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 12.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,938,953 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,057,262,000 after buying an additional 533,364 shares during the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 97.7% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 662,755 shares of the company’s stock worth $141,797,000 after buying an additional 327,493 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Waddell & Reed Financial Inc. raised its position in Northrop Grumman Corporation by 196.8% in the second quarter. Waddell & Reed Financial Inc. now owns 324,962 shares of the company’s stock worth $72,232,000 after buying an additional 215,467 shares during the last quarter. 81.85% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) opened at 231.36 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $40.40 billion, a PE ratio of 18.98 and a beta of 0.69. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $232.03 and its 200 day moving average price is $225.91. Northrop Grumman Corporation has a 1-year low of $180.10 and a 1-year high of $253.80. Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $2.96 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $2.49 by $0.47. The business earned $6.40 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.92 billion. Northrop Grumman Corporation had a return on equity of 35.74% and a net margin of 8.98%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $2.49 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Northrop Grumman Corporation will post $11.88 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “BlackRock Advisors LLC Sells 249,991 Shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC)” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/blackrock-advisors-llc-sells-249991-shares-of-northrop-grumman-corporation-noc.html. A number of research analysts have weighed in on NOC shares. Barclays PLC raised Northrop Grumman Corporation from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $230.00 to $270.00 in a report on Thursday, November 10th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $260.00 price objective (up previously from $250.00) on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation in a report on Friday, October 28th. Robert W. Baird reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $260.00 price objective on shares of Northrop Grumman Corporation in a report on Friday, January 20th. Vetr raised Northrop Grumman Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $251.85 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Finally, Wolfe Research raised Northrop Grumman Corporation from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $248.32. In other news, CFO Kenneth L. Bedingfield sold 128 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $228.72, for a total value of $29,276.16. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 17,998 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,116,502.56. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CFO Kenneth L. Bedingfield sold 125 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $248.85, for a total value of $31,106.25. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 18,251 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,541,761.35. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 3,010 shares of company stock valued at $697,287 in the last 90 days. 0.90% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Northrop Grumman Corporation Northrop Grumman Corporation (Northrop Grumman) is a global security company. The Company provides systems, products and solutions in unmanned systems; cyber; command, control, communications and computers (C4), intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (C4ISR); strike aircraft, and logistics and modernization to Government and commercial customers across the world. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NOC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE:NOC). Receive News & Ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Discover Financial Services (DFS) Shares Bought by BlackRock Advisors LLC Next » Mondrian Investment Partners LTD Sells 98,861 Shares of Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Northern Trust Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northern Trust Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Northern Trust Corporation (NTRS) Position Cut by Mondrian Investment Partners LTD Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Mondrian Investment Partners LTD decreased its position in Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS) by 9.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 659,716 shares of the company’s stock after selling 72,311 shares during the period. Northern Trust Corporation makes up about 1.1% of Mondrian Investment Partners LTD’s portfolio, making the stock its 24th largest position. Mondrian Investment Partners LTD’s holdings in Northern Trust Corporation were worth $44,854,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in NTRS. FMR LLC increased its position in shares of Northern Trust Corporation by 13.8% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 8,583,519 shares of the company’s stock worth $568,744,000 after buying an additional 1,041,052 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Northern Trust Corporation by 8.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 8,427,802 shares of the company’s stock worth $573,006,000 after buying an additional 688,812 shares in the last quarter. American Century Companies Inc. increased its position in shares of Northern Trust Corporation by 6.4% in the second quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 7,702,813 shares of the company’s stock worth $510,388,000 after buying an additional 462,106 shares in the last quarter. Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. increased its position in shares of Northern Trust Corporation by 5.9% in the second quarter. Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. now owns 2,431,383 shares of the company’s stock worth $161,103,000 after buying an additional 135,166 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Northern Trust Corporation by 0.3% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,952,001 shares of the company’s stock worth $132,717,000 after buying an additional 4,961 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 79.98% of the company’s stock. Shares of Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS) opened at 84.40 on Friday. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $87.13 and its 200 day moving average is $76.39. Northern Trust Corporation has a 1-year low of $54.38 and a 1-year high of $91.14. The firm has a market capitalization of $19.29 billion, a PE ratio of 19.54 and a beta of 1.05. Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 18th. The company reported $1.11 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.13 by $0.02. The company earned $1.25 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.26 billion. Northern Trust Corporation had a return on equity of 11.68% and a net margin of 19.76%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.99 EPS. Analysts anticipate that Northern Trust Corporation will post $4.71 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Saturday, April 1st. Investors of record on Friday, March 3rd will be issued a $0.38 dividend. This represents a $1.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.80%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 1st. Northern Trust Corporation’s payout ratio is currently 35.43%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/northern-trust-corporation-ntrs-position-cut-by-mondrian-investment-partners-ltd.html. NTRS has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated a “strong-buy” rating and issued a $105.00 price target (up previously from $83.00) on shares of Northern Trust Corporation in a report on Thursday, December 29th. Barclays PLC increased their price target on shares of Northern Trust Corporation from $80.00 to $95.00 and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Credit Suisse Group began coverage on shares of Northern Trust Corporation in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. They set a “neutral” rating and a $71.00 target price for the company. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $90.00 target price on shares of Northern Trust Corporation in a report on Sunday, December 4th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Northern Trust Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $90.00 target price for the company in a report on Tuesday, November 29th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating, one has issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $78.88. In related news, CEO Frederick H. Waddell sold 38,939 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $74.13, for a total value of $2,886,548.07. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Steven L. Fradkin sold 323,192 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.98, for a total transaction of $26,172,088.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 1,557,300 shares of company stock valued at $121,311,854 in the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 1.90% of the company’s stock. Northern Trust Corporation Company Profile Northern Trust Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company provides asset servicing, fund administration, asset management, fiduciary and banking solutions for corporations, institutions, families and individuals around the world. The Company’s segments include Corporate & Institutional Services (C&IS), Wealth Management, and Treasury and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NTRS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS). Receive News & Ratings for Northern Trust Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northern Trust Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Mondrian Investment Partners LTD Raises Stake in Grupo Aeroportuario Del Pacifico, S.A. de C.V. (PAC) Next » Mondrian Investment Partners LTD Invests $72,729,000 in Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Braskem SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Braskem SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 283,267 Shares of Invesco PLC (IVZ) Accuray Incorporated (ARAY) Shares Sold by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Stake Increased by Apriem Advisors Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Position Lowered by Cumberland Partners Ltd Anthem, Inc. (ANTM) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Gotham Asset Management LLC Has $2,538,000 Stake in Prestige Brand Holdings, Inc. (PBH) TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Stake Boosted by Clinton Group Inc. Clinton Group Inc. Has $1,006,000 Position in DeVry Education Group Inc. (DV) QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Shares Sold by HBK Sorce Advisory LLC Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Has $583,000 Stake in Agnico Eagle Mines Limited (AEM) Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Has $583,000 Position in Synopsys, Inc. (SNPS) Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC Invests $132,000 in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) CGI Group, Inc. (GIB) Position Lowered by Gotham Asset Management LLC Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board Sells 126,775 Shares of Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) Clinton Group Inc. Has $1,019,000 Position in United Natural Foods, Inc. (UNFI) UBS Group AG Has $4,439,000 Position in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) 5,507 Shares in Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Acquired by Analytic Investors LLC Analytic Investors LLC Invests $216,000 in People’s Utah Bancorp (PUB) Analytic Investors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in American Software, Inc. (AMSWA) 63,770 Shares in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Acquired by Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. Braskem SA (BAK) Short Interest Update Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 5th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Braskem SA (NYSE:BAK) was the target of a significant drop in short interest in January. As of January 13th, there was short interest totalling 2,211,163 shares, a drop of 41.3% from the December 30th total of 3,764,171 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 413,745 shares, the short-interest ratio is currently 5.3 days. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp purchased a new position in shares of Braskem SA during the second quarter valued at $173,000. Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of Braskem SA by 36.0% in the second quarter. Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. now owns 408,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,835,000 after buying an additional 108,000 shares in the last quarter. Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of Braskem SA during the second quarter valued at $309,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Braskem SA by 46,102.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 147,387 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,747,000 after buying an additional 147,068 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Braskem SA by 4.4% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 885,475 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,493,000 after buying an additional 36,946 shares in the last quarter. 1.09% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Braskem SA (NYSE:BAK) opened at 19.86 on Friday. Braskem SA has a 12-month low of $10.82 and a 12-month high of $23.15. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $21.34 and a 200 day moving average price of $16.74. The stock has a market cap of $7.90 billion, a P/E ratio of 10.86 and a beta of 1.39. A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on BAK shares. HSBC Holdings plc assumed coverage on Braskem SA in a research report on Tuesday, October 11th. They set a “buy” rating and a $18.00 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Braskem SA from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $20.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co upgraded Braskem SA from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $22.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, December 5th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/05/braskem-sa-bak-short-interest-update.html. About Braskem SA Braskem SA produces thermoplastic resins. The Company’s segments are Basic petrochemicals, Polyolefins, Vinyls, the United States and Europe, and Chemical distribution. It is also engaged in the import and export of chemicals, petrochemicals and fuels, the production, supply and sale of utilities such as steam, water, compressed air, industrial gases, the provision of industrial services, and the production, supply and sale of electric energy. Receive News & Ratings for Braskem SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Braskem SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous FY2016 Earnings Forecast for Fitbit, Inc. (FIT) Issued By SunTrust Banks Next » SPDR Barclays Capital Convertible SecETF (CWB) Short Interest Down 40.4% in January Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News The week in finance: US banks jump on deregulation, China tightens and RBA to hold The week in finance: US banks jump on deregulation, China tightens and RBA to hold Print Share this story The week in finance: US banks jump on deregulation, China tightens and RBA to hold Updated 5 February 2017, 13:25 AEDT By business reporter Stephen Letts The so-called "Trump Trade" bounces back on news the new administration will be taking the knife to tougher bank laws put in place in the wake of the GFC. The ASX 200 futures were bid up 0.4 per cent over the weekend. (Credit: AAP)  After a recent loss of momentum, the so-called "Trump Trade" has bounced back on news the new administration will be taking the knife to tougher bank laws put in place in the wake of the GFC. The banking sector drove the S&P 500 up 0.7 per cent to just short of a record close on Friday, which in turn pointed to a positive start to the week on the local market. The ASX 200 futures were bid up 0.4 per cent over the weekend. Markets on Friday's close: ASX SPI 200 futures +0.4pc at 5,596 AUD: 76.83 US cents, 71.22 euro cents, 61.51 British pence, 86.59 Japanese yen, $NZ1.05 US: Dow Jones +0.9 at 20,071, S&P 500 +0.7pc at 2,297, NASDAQ +0.3pc at 5,162 Europe: FTSE +0.7pc at 7,188, DAX +0.2pc at 11,651, Eurostoxx50 +0.2pc at 3,273 Commodities: Brent oil +0.3pc at $US56.72/barrel, Gold +0.3pc at $US1,220/ounce, Iron ore -4.4pc at $US79.57/tonne The push to scale back bank regulations came as little surprise, but Mr Trump's forum with business bosses where he said he would "be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank" was met with high-fives on trading desks as investors piled even more heavily into US banks. It went a long way to validate the buying of US bank shares since Mr Trump's November victory, with the sector up more than 25 per cent since then. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act was the Obama administration's response to profligate and unscrupulous lending by US banks that blew up the global economy. The exponential expansion of subprime mortgage lending — engineered by exotic and opaque tricks such as collateralised debt obligations — turned toxic, destroyed a couple of banks and took several others to the brink before being bailed out by taxpayers. The Dodd-Frank package included demands on banks to hold higher levels of low-risk capital, tighter trading rules and a crackdown on the predatory lending which sparked the whole crisis in the first place. Mr Trump noted his displeasure was not with the banks, but the rules that hamstrung their efforts to lend more to his friends. "I have so many friends, friends of mine, that have nice businesses that can't borrow money ... because the banks just won't let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank," Mr Trump told the assembled business leaders. The news was especially welcome to JP Morgan Chase boss Jamie Dimon, who was at the forum and saw his bank's share jump 3 per cent over the course of the day. Mr Dimon appears to be back in the good books, having previously been characterised by Mr Trump as being "the worst banker in the United States" in the wake of a settlement of a $US13 billion with the Department of Justice (DoJ) over JP Morgan's not insignificant part in the GFC. To be fair to Mr Dimon, it was not because Mr Trump saw him or his bank as unethical or crooked, but because he wimped it by settling the case with the US Government. All of which poses the question: will the other big bankers now be goaded into expensive litigation with the Trump administration's DoJ's lest being labelled wimps too, or will the DoJ take it easy — not wishing to be hit by another sledge from the Trump playbook, such as being called "nasty"? It could also be pointed out that Mr Trump's friends with their nice businesses could be a bit unlucky in not getting new lines of credit. US commercial bank lending has been climbing since 2010 — the year the Dodd-Frank laws were signed into effect by former president Barack Obama — and is now at 70-year highs, according to recent research from the Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis. Anyway, what could go wrong with allowing banks to go back to the free-wheeling pro-growth lending practices they employed before those Democrat curmudgeons Barney Frank and Chris Dodd set out to ruin the fun? There was that savage recession, but apart from that? China's surprise tightening drives down commodities While borrowing may be about to become easier in the US, it could be getting a bit tougher in China. The unexpected decision by the Peoples' Bank of China (PBoC) to push up short-term interest rates looms a worry for Asian markets returning from the Lunar New Year holiday, as well as commodity markets and by extension commodity exporters. The immediate impact saw iron ore futures on the Dalian Commodity exchange fall more than 5 per cent, while rebar steel futures in Shanghai were down almost 7 per cent on Friday. The weaker futures market could well drag down Chinese spot-prices, which haven not resumed trading yet, although Nymex iron ore in the US was down more than 4 per cent, slipping below $US80/tonne. Societe Generale's Wei Yao said the move to raise the so-called "repo" rates was a significant step-up of liquidity tightening. "The PBoC seems to have become more confident of growth, more concerned about inflationary pressure, and more alarmed about financial leverage," Ms Yao wrote in a note to clients. However, with the property market looking like rolling over in the second half of the year, any upward cycle in interest rates is likely to be cautious and probably not prolonged. "The expected narrow window before the next slowdown is probably one critical reason why the PBoC has not yet invoked the nuclear option of raising benchmark deposit and lending rates," Ms Yao said. The "nuclear option" would be distinctly unpleasant for the miners. RBA to hold, update forecasts The Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) on the other hand will not feel inclined to tinker with interest rates when it meets on Tuesday. The market has priced in only a 5 per cent chance of a cut. The RBA would be loath to spring a surprise, particularly as fourth quarter inflation figures — both headline and underlying — were pretty much in-line with the RBA's forecasts and unemployment has only edged up marginally. Of more interest may be the RBA's Statement on Monetary Policy on Friday, which will include updates on forecasts for economic growth and inflation. Citi's Paul Brennan said the RBA was likely to depart from its usual stance of labelling the update as "similar" to previous forecasts. The third quarter contraction is likely to see about 1 percentage point lopped from mid-year 2017 GDP growth forecasts, although longer term forecasts are unlikely be affected according to Mr Brennan. "These forecasts are unlikely to be changed given the RBA's glass half-full view of the outlook based on a gradual pick up in non-mining business investment, a lessening drag from falling mining investment, strong growth in export volumes and continued housing construction activity," he said. "If we are correct, then the RBA would continue to forecast a strengthening in economic growth to 2.5 per cent to 3.5 per cent by year end." Inflation forecasts are unlikely to be changed either, with the RBA expecting the climb back into its 2 to 3 per cent target band to be on track for early 2019. The other key economic updates for the week are retail trade (Monday) and housing finance (Friday). Retail sales should have rebounded in December after a weak month before, while the focus on home loans will be investor activity, which appears to be heating up again much to the anxiety of the RBA and bank regulators. Rio Tinto, AMP release full-year results What a difference 12 months can make. This time last year the mining giant announced a net loss of $1.2 billion, its best efforts undermined by tumbling commodity prices and slowing global growth. This year analysts are looking for the underlying profit to be somewhere around $5 billion and few nasty write downs to hit the net figure when it drops on Wednesday. While that is a healthy turnaround, the big surge in commodity prices only really kicked in during the last quarter of 2016, suggesting even strong profits in the forthcoming half. Investors will be eyeing the cash now flowing into the company and wondering how it will be used and whether they will get a slice of the action. AMP on the other hand tabled a record billion-dollar profit a year ago, a feat that will not be repeated when it releases its full-year accounts on Thursday. Morgan Stanley forecasts a loss of more than $250 million, while Credit Suisse has a $300 million loss in its spreadsheets. Unfavourable moves in bond yields will do a fair bit of damage and life insurance continues to be a challenge. Nonetheless, Morgan Stanley's Daniel Toohey still likes the wealth manager telling investors stronger capital, lower costs and better cash-flows are supporting a recovery from its low point in October. Other key results this week include NAB's first quarter trading update (Monday) and half-year numbers from Transurban (Tuesday), Carsales (Wednesday) and AGL (Thursday), while the big contractor CIMIC, formerly known as Leightons, is expected to report a 20 per cent slump in full-year profit (Wednesday). The US fourth quarter reporting season also rolls on with around half the companies in the S&P 500 reporting so far, another 100 coming up this week. So far, it has been pretty positive with profits beating expectations up 8 per cent on average, and leading analysts to pencil in an 11 per cent rise for the first quarter this year. Australia Monday 6/2/17 Retail sales Job ads Inflation gauge Dec: Should rebound from previous fall Jan: Declined around 2pc in December Jan: MI/TD Securities series, still weak Tuesday 7/2/17 RBA decision Construction index No change Jan: AiG series Wednesday 8/2/17 Thursday 9/2/17 RBA speech New home sales NAB business confidence Governor Phillip Lowe Dec: HIA series Q4: Tracking around long-term trend Friday 10/2/17 RBA Statement on Monetary Policy Home Loans Quarterly update on monetary policy and economic forecasts Dec: Investor lending bouncing back Corporate Monday 6/2/17 NAB Q1 trading update Tuesday 7/2/17 Transurban SCA Property group Macquarie Group Half-year result, NPAT $175m forecast Half-year result, NPAT $51m forecast Operational update Wednesday 8/2/17 Carsales CIMIC Rio Tinto Half-year result, NPAT $54m forecast Full-year result, NPAT $454m forecast Full-year result, NPAT $US4850m forecast Thursday 9/2/17 AGL AMP Suncorp Newscorp Half-year result, NPAT $383m forecast Full-year result, NPAT $525m forecast Half-year result, NPAT $606m forecast Quarterly report, NPAT $100m forecast Friday 10/2/17 Overseas Monday 6/2/17 Tuesday 7/2/17 CH: Foreign reserves US: Trade balance US: Consumer credit Jan: Officials concerned about outflows Dec: $US45bn deficit has become political Dec: Measure of consumer spending Wednesday 8/2/17 CH: Current account Q4: Solid surplus Thursday 9/2/17 US: Wholesale trade Friday 10/2/17 CH: Trade balance UK: Trade balance Jan: Stronger imports and exports forecast Jan: Sizeable deficit Topics: Australia China Consumer Finance International Financial Crisis International Financial Institutions United States Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories Donald Trump says US-Japan bond 'very deep' after meeting with PM Shinzo Abe Kenya declares drought a national disaster, appeals for local and international help Hundreds of thousands rally in Iran against Trump administration 'First time' flooding event across the South Pacific amid ongoing heavy rainfall Iranian refugee Loghman Sawari moved from Port Moresby to Bomana prison ahead of bail application Bali landslide leaves seven people dead, homes wiped out Japanese scientists create gel to allow tiny drones to mimic bees, collect pollen More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy
Vanity Fair hive business technology politics vf summit hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Business Politics Technology VF Summit Levin Report Can Trump’s Top Goldman Hire Sideline Steve Bannon? Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Levin Report Can Trump’s Top Goldman Hire Sideline Steve Bannon? Amid the backstabbing inside the White House, Gary Cohn is reportedly rising in the ranks—and emerging as a formidable counterweight to Trump’s more radical, right-wing advisers. by Bess LevinFebruary 6, 2017 6:30 pm Email Facebook Twitter The president, seen here with Cohn, does not appear to have begun his remedial hand-shaking classes. By Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images. Few of Donald Trump’s critics failed to notice that the same candidate who railed against Wall Street on the campaign trail quickly endeavored as president to drain the Goldman Sachs swamp by hiring away much of the bank’s top talent: Goldman Sachs partner Dina Powell, former partner Steven Mnuchin, ex-banker Stephen Bannon, and a handful of other Goldman-affiliates, including Trump’s S.E.C. pick Jay Clayton, who represented Goldman among his clients. In mid-December, Trump dealt the ultimate death-blow to the financial establishment by poaching the bank’s no. 2, Gary Cohn, the president of Goldman Sachs, to serve as his top economic adviser. For Wall Street antagonists like Senator Elizabeth Warren, Cohn’s leadership of the National Economic Council was a personal affront that only grew more offensive when Trump thanked Cohn and JPMorgan’s Jamie Dimon before signing a pair of executive orders intended to gut Dodd-Frank, the regulatory framework put in place to prevent another financial crisis, and a fiduciary rule intended to force brokers to act in their clients’ best interests. In the pages of The Wall Street Journal and on cable news shows like CNBC, there was Cohn, insisting that the billions banks would save by dismantling Dodd-Frank would be a mere happy byproduct. The fiduciary rule, he argued, was like preventing freedom-loving Americans from eating unhealthy foods just because they “might die younger.” Doesn’t everyone deserve to make that decision on their own? Still, even Cohn’s biggest critics might be breathing a sigh of relief these days to have him in Trump’s inner circle. While slashing critical financial regulations and letting brokers scam retirees is pretty unpalatable, in this horror show of an administration, wherein the former chairman of Breitbart News is dictating policy, Cohn actually represents something of a voice of reason. With the rest of Trump’s top advisers agitating for trade wars with Mexico, real wars with China, and a 1920s-era immigration policy, Cohn, a longtime Democratic donor who is comfortable working both sides of the aisle, may be the last line of defense for Washington centrists hoping to keep Trump’s nationalist brain trust at bay. Per Politico’s Ben White: The more critical and long-term question for executives across multiple industries is whether Cohn will emerge as a powerful countervailing economic force to temper Trump's instincts toward protectionism. To pull this off, Cohn will have to nudge Trump himself while also muscling out Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller as well as to lesser degrees Trump adviser Peter Navarro and Commerce secretary nominee Wilbur Ross. If anyone can pull this off, it's Cohn, a powerful personality not known to be shy about making his views known. He has an added bonus in his favor: he came into the Trump orbit through Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump, critical advisers to the president. Those inclined to Cohn's worldview inside the administration believe the former Goldman banker will eventually win the day. Some even mention him as a potential future chief of staff or shadow chief of staff. For companies and investors who like Trump's plans for tax cuts and regulatory relief, the hope is that when the shake-up comes, hard-line voices like Bannon and Miller will be marginalized and more moderate, business-friendly advisers like Cohn, [former Goldman partner Dina] Powell, and current chief of staff Reince Priebus will emerge with stronger hands. In the battle royale that is the Trump White House, Cohn may have a good chance of coming out on top. Trump has long been known to encourage his staff to compete with each other, a practice he fostered at the Trump Organization and one that was put into sharp relief on the campaign trail and during the transition, as internal conflict resulted in the ousters of Corey Lewandoski, Paul Manafort, and finally Chris Christie in quick succession. Rudy Giuliani, too, got the boot. The most recent victim of the White House Game of Thrones was Anthony Scaramucci, who lost his promised West Wing job last week amid questions about his inability to quickly clear the government’s vetting process. (The official line was that Scaramucci’s sale of his business to a Chinese conglomerate posed too many conflicts of interest, but sources close to the administration believe tension between Scaramucci and Priebus was a deciding factor.) Given that Trump reportedly hired Cohn as much for his well-fitted suits and alpha attitude as his financial acumen (Trump liked that he “carried himself like someone to reckon with,” aides told Axios), Trump would probably be thrilled to see Cohn and Bannon fight each other to the death. Cohn’s already started small, according to The Washington Post, “work[ing] prevent CNBC commentator Larry Kudlow, a longtime Trump economic adviser, from joining the administration” and reportedly trying to “sideline Peter Navarro, a vocal China critic and hard-liner on trade inside the White House.” It might sound counterintuitive, but remember, according to organizational experts, Trump is a horrible manager. This kind of thing is right up his alley. If you would like to receive the Levin Report in your inbox daily, click here to subscribe. Alternative Facts Speaking of Dodd-Frank, one of the criticisms that’s been levied against it is that it prevents banks from lending. Trump himself said on Friday that he knows “so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses, [that] can’t borrow money. . .because the banks just won’t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank.” Unfortunately, there’s little evidence that’s true. Per CNBC: Statistics on bank lending don't back up that claim. Since the law took effect in July 2010, bank lending to businesses and consumers has continued to hit new highs. Great work, Donny! It turns out that Trump’s unhinged tweeting about Mexico paying for The Wall, his threatening tone toward Mexico’s president, and his general unpleasantness toward our southern neighbors has not engendered warm and fuzzy feelings between us and Mexico. And in a hilarious twist, Trump’s supposed boardroom tactics are backfiring. “The U.S. trade tensions with Mexico are putting the Mexican government on overdrive trying to find new export markets," said Sean Miner, a fellow at the Atlantic Council, a D.C.-based think tank, told CNBC. “Recently, China and Mexico have become closer. Clearly, this is a consequence of the rising tensions.” Actual, legitimate investors fell for a Hamilton Ponzi scheme Paul Tudor Jones is a legendary hedge fund manager who has made billions upon billions of dollars for himself and his investors in Tudor Investment Corp. over the years. (His fund currently manages approximately $11 billion.) For decades, young traders have viewed him as an icon, and getting one’s hands on a copy of Trader—a 1987 PBS documentary about Jones that so embarrassed the billionaire that he bought the rights to prevent subsequent airings—was considered the ultimate coup. And yet even a man with his exquisite professional bona fides was blinded to an obvious scam by the absolute mania surrounding Hamilton. Per Bloomberg: When U.S. authorities busted a Ponzi scheme that centered on marked-up tickets to the hit Broadway musical “Hamilton” last month, prosecutors described phone calls about a “big name” investor who’d demanded his money back. As it turns out, there were several big names -- including billionaires Paul Tudor Jones and Michael Dell, as well as an executive at Och-Ziff Capital Management Group -- among the more than 125 people who had unwittingly poured cash into the sprawling scam, according to people with knowledge of the matter. The ringleaders would approach people and encourage them to put money in a pool to buy blocks of tickets for the hottest concerts and plays, the government said. The most prominent was Hamilton, whose popularity pushed prices to the highest in Broadway history. Victims were promised their money back, and at least a 10 percent profit. Sure, take out Hamilton, and it seems obviously too good to be true, but it’s Hamilton! A show people are taking out second mortgages on their homes to see a year and-a-half after it had its Broadway debut! Without the original cast! How could it not be a sure thing? Deutsche Bank is sorry On an almost weekly basis, financial institutions announce they’ve reached settlements with various government regulators over allegations of wrongdoing that they neither admit nor deny but pay millions and billions to put behind them. Generally, they don’t make a big show of apologizing—or apologizing period—unless whatever they’ve been accused of doing is really, really bad and someone in P.R. demands it. If they take out space in the paper to print a memo detailing all their various screw-ups, apologizing for them, and promising to try really hard not to make them in the future, they’re at the point where they’re internally debating if they should just turn off the lights and let squatters take over the place or give it this one last shot. Deutsche Bank knows what we’re talking about: Deutsche Bank AG bought full-page ads in all major German newspapers over the weekend to apologize for “serious errors” after misconduct costs helped tip the company into two years of losses. Legal cases that date back many years cost the Frankfurt-based company “reputation and trust” in addition to about 5 billion euros ($5.4 billion) since John Cryan took over as chief executive officer in July 2015, the CEO said in the ad, blaming the “misconduct of a few” employees. Cryan, who signed on behalf of the executive board, expressed “deep regret” that “the conduct of the bank didn’t follow our standards” in relation to the U.S. mortgage business in 2005 to 2007 and was “unacceptable.” That was also the case in other matters, he wrote. . .Deutsche Bank’s leadership will “do everything in our power to prevent these events from re-occurring,” Cryan said in the ad. Elsewhere! Goldman Sachs is starting to worry Trump’s crazy might outweigh tax-reform (VF Hive) Super Bowl Sunday was a breakthrough for companies opposing Trump (VF Hive) Do you know where Tom Brady's jersey is? If you find it, it’s worth $500,000 (Bloomberg) “Mexican theater chain weighs dropping U.S .as popcorn vendor” (NYP) ECB president Mario Draghi says dismantling Dodd-Frank is a horrible idea (CNN Money) . . .luckily, it won’t be as easy as Trump is hoping it is to get rid of the thing (Bloomberg) Billionaire trader Vincent Viola, pick for army secretary, drops out over conflicts of interest (NYT) Hedge funds have made huge bets on rising oil prices (FT) Great news: “Your Car Could Cost Up to $17,000 More with the Proposed Border Tax” (Bloomberg) Share Email Facebook Twitter Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK Gary Cohn Joins Trump with a $284 Million Parting Gift from GoldmanBY BESS LEVIN Trump to Gut Financial Regulation, Including Rule Protecting RetireesBY BESS LEVIN SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Indonesia to hold court hearing into Goldman Sachs's billion-dollar dispute with tycoon News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Indonesia to hold court hearing into Goldman Sachs's billion-dollar dispute with tycoon Indonesia will hold a court hearing on Tuesday into a billion-dollar dispute between Goldman Sachs and a local tycoon, who says the Wall Street giant's unit unlawfully sold shares he owned, in the latest test for the country's legal system. Posted 07 Feb 2017 07:15 Updated 07 Feb 2017 09:00 A sign is displayed in the reception of Goldman Sachs in Sydney, Australia, May 18, 2016. REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A JAKARTA: Indonesia will hold a court hearing on Tuesday into a billion-dollar dispute between Goldman Sachs and a local tycoon, who says the Wall Street giant's unit unlawfully sold shares he owned, in the latest test for the country's legal system. Goldman took the unusual step of counter-suing the tycoon - Benny Tjokrosaputro - for reputational damage. The hearing on Tuesday will give the retail-to-property businessman a chance to rebuff Goldman's assertion. The dispute comes at a time when Indonesia, Southeast Asia's largest economy, is embarking on its biggest drive for foreign investment in a decade. Legal experts say the outcome could give an indication on whether the country's civil court proceedings will protect the rights of foreigners. Indonesia's government has recently raised investor concerns by cutting business ties with JPMorgan over a negative research report and partially reversing a mining policy. Goldman's prospects at the hearing could be affected by a general lack of transparency in Indonesian court proceedings, said Bill Sullivan, senior foreign counsel at Indonesian law firm Christian Teo & Partners. "This lack of transparency can result in very surprising decisions, especially when you have a foreign party seeking recovery from a well-resourced and well-connected local party," Sullivan told Reuters in an email. Goldman's dispute with Tjokrosaputro, president director of property developer PT Hanson International Tbk , stems from an arcane area of the financial market in which individuals or firms pledge shares in return for short-term loans, according to court documents and people familiar with the matter. Tjokrosaputro had pledged 425 million Hanson shares to U.S. hedge fund Platinum Partners in return for a loan on the basis that he could get the shares back upon repayment - an arrangement known as a repurchase agreement or a repo. Goldman's unit, Goldman Sachs International, bought the Hanson shares from Platinum as a hedge for the derivatives it had entered into with the fund, a bank spokesman said. In late 2014, New York-based Platinum fell into financial difficulties and had trouble paying back a large number of investors, according to U.S. authorities who recently charged top executives of the fund with running a US$1 billion fraud. Goldman started selling the Hanson shares last year, but was forced to stop after Tjokrosaputro filed a police complaint. He went on to sue Goldman in September for 15 trillion rupiah (US$1.1 billion), alleging the transaction was conducted "unlawfully". Tjokrosaputro's lawyer told Reuters his client did not breach his contract with Platinum and that no-one other than Tjokrosaputro had the right to own or sell the shares. In response, Goldman countersued the tycoon last month for at least US$1.1 billion claiming reputational damage. Goldman "lawfully" acquired the shares from Platinum through the negotiated board of the Indonesian Stock Exchange and the transactions were validly settled, the bank says in its claim documents. A bank spokesman told Reuters that Goldman Sachs International was not aware of Tjokrosaputro's dealings with Platinum, nor any restrictions on the shares it purchased. For graphic on Goldman Sachs vs Indonesian tycoon click: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jSg9dH (Reporting by Eveline Danubrata in Jakarta and Lawrence Delevingne in New York, additional reporting by Cindy Silviana in Jakarta; Editing by Michelle Price and Himani Sarkar) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 44-56 We set you thinking Saturday 11 February 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Sports No change in Hyfa rent despite new operating rules 1486756920 World Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong 1486805170 World South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias 1486805409 Lifestyle Candy-tasting job isn’t always so sweet 1486804605 World U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya 1486803025 World Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure 1486803116 China&India Guangzhou says many poultry markets infected with bird flu 1486803706 World UK to close Iraq war abuse unit, citing false claims 1486802710 World China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension 1486802822 World Angola's president orders inquiry into stadium stampede that killed 17 1486801218 World Thousands gathered at Jakarta mosque urged to vote for Muslim governor 1486791471 World Freedom granted to Canadian man who beheaded and cannibalised fellow bus passenger 1486799801 World Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo life-saving surgery in US after Trump travel ban lifted 1486798606 World Islamic State fighter is first Australian stripped of citizenship: report 1486794545 World China gets an early win off Trump, but many battles remain 1486794850 World Johor’s Forest City seeks to diversify ownership amid Chinese dominance: Report 1486795608 World Trump says considering ‘brand new’ immigration order 1486795309 World In welcoming Shinzo Abe, Trump affirms US commitment to defending Japan 1486792904 World New top U.S. diplomat plays central role in Trump's China shift 1486787275 World Paraguay gives remains of military dictatorship victims to families 1486786950 Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion 1486786799 Business Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI 1486756330 Singapore Police looking into allegedly inappropriate comments made by officer 1486745940 Singapore Four winners share S$12 million prize in TOTO Hongbao draw 1486733400 Voices Consider top-ups for SkillsFuture Credit 1486756920 Sports More power in shots, better control of the ball 1486737360 Singapore Rail network hit by 3 disruptions in a day 1486745160 Business UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' 1486778193 Singapore The Big Read: CFE’s focus on strategy, not schemes, a sign of the times 1486745760 World Brazil's Espirito Santo state says reaches deal to end police strike 1486776016 World Germany says U.S. demand for more NATO burden-sharing is 'fair' 1486774742 Business Energy stocks look for catalyst out of doldrums 1486766285 Business Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business 1486774129 World Trump to Iran's Rouhani: Better be careful 1486772644 World Brazil's former richest man to stand trial on corruption charges 1486769788 World Modi faces biggest election test since 2014 landslide 1486768421 Business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case 1486770654 World Polish PM flown to Warsaw hospital after car crash 1486765409 World Syrian dissident says war 'over' as states cut aid to rebels 1486771379 Business Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms 1486767999 World After daring voyage to U.S., Haitians' dreams end in deportation 1486767302 World U.S. strike in Iraq targets Islamic State militant from France 1486766579 World Stampede at Angolan stadium kills 17, injures scores 1486767452 World Brazil Supreme Court judge calls for drugs legalization to beat gangs 1486766790 World France watches skies for Russian wargames, domestic drone threat 1486749124 Business Wall Street hits records again, boosted by Trump economy hopes 1486767577 World Brazil judge approves promotion of Temer ally with legal caveat 1486764709 World Libya mayors say Europe's migration crisis should not be dumped on them 1486763329 Business Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy 1486762886 Business Trump tax cut talk, China data spur risk rally 1486759326 Business Indonesian court postpones hearing in billion-dollar dispute of Goldman, tycoon A sign is displayed in the reception of Goldman Sachs in Sydney. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 7:20 AM, February 7, 2017 Updated: 8:00 PM, February 7, 2017 JAKARTA - An Indonesian court postponed on Tuesday the hearing of a billion-dollar dispute between Goldman Sachs <GS.N> and a local tycoon by two weeks, granting him time to gather more evidence to prove a claim the U.S. bank's unit unlawfully sold shares he owned. Goldman had taken the unusual step of counter-suing the retail-to-property businessman - Benny Tjokrosaputro - in a Jakarta court claiming reputational damage. The court hearing on Tuesday was set to have given Tjokrosaputro a chance to rebuff Goldman's assertion, but it is now delayed until Feb. 21. The dispute comes at a time when Indonesia, Southeast Asia's largest economy, is embarking on its biggest drive for foreign investment in a decade. Its government recently raised investor concerns by cutting business ties with JPMorgan over a negative research report and partially reversing a mining policy. At stake in the Goldman case is the protection of the rights of foreigners, amid a general lack of transparency in Indonesian court proceedings, legal experts say. "This lack of transparency can result in very surprising decisions, especially when you have a foreign party seeking recovery from a well-resourced and well-connected local party," Bill Sullivan, senior foreign counsel at Indonesian law firm Christian Teo & Partners, told Reuters in an email. Goldman's dispute with Tjokrosaputro, president director of property developer PT Hanson International Tbk <MYRX.JK>, stems from an arcane area of the financial market in which individuals or firms sell shares in return for short-term funding, according to court documents and people familiar with the matter. Such a repurchase agreement, or a repo, effectively acts as a loan but the deal involves temporarily transferring legal ownership of the shares. Tjokrosaputro had pledged 425 million Hanson shares to U.S. hedge fund Platinum Partners in return for funding on the basis that he could get the shares back upon repayment, according to Tjokrosaputro's lawyers and court documents. Goldman Sachs International, a London-based unit of Goldman, bought the Hanson shares from Platinum as a hedge for the derivatives it had entered into with the fund, a bank spokesman said. In late 2014, New York-based Platinum fell into financial difficulties and had trouble paying back a large number of investors, according to U.S. authorities who recently charged top executives of the fund with running a $1 billion fraud. Goldman started selling the Hanson shares last year, but was forced to stop after Tjokrosaputro filed a police complaint. He went on to sue Goldman in September for 15 trillion rupiah ($1.1 billion), alleging the transaction was conducted "unlawfully". In response, Goldman counter-sued the tycoon last month for at least $1.1 billion. Goldman "lawfully" acquired the shares from Platinum through the negotiated board of the Indonesian Stock Exchange and the transactions were validly settled, it says in its court documents. A key area of the dispute relates to who actually owned the shares during the repo transaction. Goldman says in its court filings that it "understands" Platinum originally acquired the Hanson shares from an entity named Newrick Holdings Ltd, rather than from Tjokrosaputro. According to the "Panama Papers" online database as of 2015, which compiled millions of leaked documents from law firm Mossack Fonseca, Newrick is a company registered in the British Virgin Islands in which Tjokrosaputro was a shareholder. A bank spokesman told Reuters that Goldman Sachs International was not aware of any dealings between Tjokrosaputro or his affiliated entities and Platinum Partners, nor any restrictions on the shares it purchased. The tycoon's lawyer reiterated on Tuesday that Tjokrosaputro was the legal owner of the shares in the repo transaction with Platinum and, since he did not breach any contract with Platinum, only he had the right to sell them. Tjokrosaputro's lawyer did not immediately provide comment on Goldman's claim that Platinum had acquired the shares from Newrick. Platinum has earlier declined to comment on the dispute. ($1 = 13,327.00 rupiah) REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Too soon’ to call property market recovery despite renewed interest: Redas president Zuercher Kantonalbank CEO: scant progress on U.S. tax case Yum Brands profit tops expectations as KFC, Taco Bell deliver Yen holds gains, European political risks generate safe-haven demand Will Trump’s recent executive orders affect confidence in the US? White House plans directive targeting 'conflict minerals' rule: sources White House memo confuses Wall Street on fate of fiduciary rule White House defends Trump criticism of Nordstrom for dropping Ivanka clothing line Wells Fargo sets up artificial intelligence team in tech push Wells Fargo likely to eliminate 2016 bonuses for top executives: WSJ Inside Today World South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Earthquake in southern Philippines kills four, damages infrastructure U.S. expresses objection to Palestinian as U.N. envoy to Libya China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defense tension Business Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion UAW says it will greet Tesla workers with 'open arms' Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business After 12 years, ex-AIG chief Greenberg settles accounting fraud case Top Federal Reserve official resigns as bank deregulation looms Sports No change in Hyfa rent despite new operating rules Collapsing Liverpool must reboot or risk a Spurs beating More power in shots, better control of the ball SLA eases restrictions on Hyfa’s youth academy pitch usage Singapore paddler Chen Feng retires at age of 23 Entertainment Eat Already’s 2nd season to feature Cantonese, Teochew Big plans in store for National Museum of Singapore’s 130th birthday bash Beyonce faces US$20m copyright suit from YouTube star’s estate Christie Brinkley back in swimsuit in Sports Illustrated Madonna adopts 4-year-old twin girls in Malawi About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Indonesian court postpones hearing in billion-dollar dispute of Goldman, t... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Tue Feb 7, 2017 | 6:39am EST Indonesian court postpones hearing in billion-dollar dispute of Goldman, tycoon A sign is displayed in the reception of Goldman Sachs in Sydney, Australia, May 18, 2016. REUTERS/David Gray/File Photo By Eveline Danubrata | JAKARTA JAKARTA An Indonesian court postponed on Tuesday the hearing of a billion-dollar dispute between Goldman Sachs (GS.N) and a local tycoon by two weeks, granting him time to gather more evidence to prove a claim the U.S. bank's unit unlawfully sold shares he owned. Goldman had taken the unusual step of counter-suing the retail-to-property businessman - Benny Tjokrosaputro - in a Jakarta court claiming reputational damage. The court hearing on Tuesday was set to have given Tjokrosaputro a chance to rebuff Goldman's assertion, but it is now delayed until Feb. 21. The dispute comes at a time when Indonesia, Southeast Asia's largest economy, is embarking on its biggest drive for foreign investment in a decade. Its government recently raised investor concerns by cutting business ties with JPMorgan over a negative research report and partially reversing a mining policy. At stake in the Goldman case is the protection of the rights of foreigners, amid a general lack of transparency in Indonesian court proceedings, legal experts say. "This lack of transparency can result in very surprising decisions, especially when you have a foreign party seeking recovery from a well-resourced and well-connected local party," Bill Sullivan, senior foreign counsel at Indonesian law firm Christian Teo & Partners, told Reuters in an email. Goldman's dispute with Tjokrosaputro, president director of property developer PT Hanson International Tbk (MYRX.JK), stems from an arcane area of the financial market in which individuals or firms sell shares in return for short-term funding, according to court documents and people familiar with the matter. Such a repurchase agreement, or a repo, effectively acts as a loan but the deal involves temporarily transferring legal ownership of the shares. Tjokrosaputro had pledged 425 million Hanson shares to U.S. hedge fund Platinum Partners in return for funding on the basis that he could get the shares back upon repayment, according to Tjokrosaputro's lawyers and court documents. Goldman Sachs International, a London-based unit of Goldman, bought the Hanson shares from Platinum as a hedge for the derivatives it had entered into with the fund, a bank spokesman said. In late 2014, New York-based Platinum fell into financial difficulties and had trouble paying back a large number of investors, according to U.S. authorities who recently charged top executives of the fund with running a $1 billion fraud. Goldman started selling the Hanson shares last year, but was forced to stop after Tjokrosaputro filed a police complaint. He went on to sue Goldman in September for 15 trillion rupiah ($1.1 billion), alleging the transaction was conducted "unlawfully". In response, Goldman counter-sued the tycoon last month for at least $1.1 billion. Goldman "lawfully" acquired the shares from Platinum through the negotiated board of the Indonesian Stock Exchange and the transactions were validly settled, it says in its court documents. A key area of the dispute relates to who actually owned the shares during the repo transaction. Goldman says in its court filings that it "understands" Platinum originally acquired the Hanson shares from an entity named Newrick Holdings Ltd, rather than from Tjokrosaputro. According to the "Panama Papers" online database as of 2015, which compiled millions of leaked documents from law firm Mossack Fonseca, Newrick is a company registered in the British Virgin Islands in which Tjokrosaputro was a shareholder. A bank spokesman told Reuters that Goldman Sachs International was not aware of any dealings between Tjokrosaputro or his affiliated entities and Platinum Partners, nor any restrictions on the shares it purchased. The tycoon's lawyer reiterated on Tuesday that Tjokrosaputro was the legal owner of the shares in the repo transaction with Platinum and, since he did not breach any contract with Platinum, only he had the right to sell them. Tjokrosaputro's lawyer did not immediately provide comment on Goldman's claim that Platinum had acquired the shares from Newrick. Platinum has earlier declined to comment on the dispute. ($1 = 13,327.00 rupiah) (Reporting by Eveline Danubrata in Jakarta and Lawrence Delevingne in New York; Additional reporting by Cindy Silviana in Jakarta; Editing by Michelle Price, Himani Sarkar and Muralikumar Anantharaman) Next In Business News Senators question Goldman Sachs on its role in Trump banking policy Two U.S. senators are seeking details from Goldman Sachs Group Inc's chief executive on the extent to which the bank's employees were involved in drafting of the recent executive orders on banking and fiduciary regulations. Ford to invest $1 billion in autonomous vehicle tech firm Argo AI SAN FRANCISCO Ford Motor Co plans to invest $1 billion over the next five years in tech startup Argo AI to help the Detroit automaker reach its goal of producing a self-driving vehicle for commercial ride sharing fleets by 2021, the companies announced on Friday. Reckitt finalizes deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6 billion Reckitt Benckiser has agreed to buy U.S. baby formula maker Mead Johnson Nutrition for $16.6 billion, giving the British consumer goods company a new product line and expanding its presence in developing markets. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Indonesia to hold court hearing into Goldman Sachs's billion-dollar dispute with tycoon The logo of Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market index listed company Goldman Sachs.PHOTO: REUTERS PublishedFeb 7, 2017, 7:28 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4seX Copy JAKARTA (REUTERS) - Indonesia will hold a court hearing on Tuesday (Feb 7) into a billion-dollar dispute between Goldman Sachs and a local tycoon, who says the Wall Street giant's unit unlawfully sold shares he owned, in the latest test for the country's legal system. Goldman took the unusual step of counter-suing the tycoon - Benny Tjokrosaputro - for reputational damage. The hearing on Tuesday will give the retail-to-property businessman a chance to rebuff Goldman's assertion. The dispute comes at a time when Indonesia, Southeast Asia's largest economy, is embarking on its biggest drive for foreign investment in a decade. Legal experts say the outcome could give an indication on whether the country's civil court proceedings will protect the rights of foreigners. Indonesia's government has recently raised investor concerns by cutting business ties with JPMorgan over a negative research report and partially reversing a mining policy. Goldman's prospects at the hearing could be affected by a general lack of transparency in Indonesian court proceedings, said Bill Sullivan, senior foreign counsel at Indonesian law firm Christian Teo & Partners. "This lack of transparency can result in very surprising decisions, especially when you have a foreign party seeking recovery from a well-resourced and well-connected local party," Sullivan told Reuters in an email. Goldman's dispute with Tjokrosaputro, president director of property developer PT Hanson International Tbk, stems from an arcane area of the financial market in which individuals or firms pledge shares in return for short-term loans, according to court documents and people familiar with the matter. Tjokrosaputro had pledged 425 million Hanson shares to US hedge fund Platinum Partners in return for a loan on the basis that he could get the shares back upon repayment - an arrangement known as a repurchase agreement or a repo. Goldman's unit, Goldman Sachs International, bought the Hanson shares from Platinum as a hedge for the derivatives it had entered into with the fund, a bank spokesman said. In late 2014, New York-based Platinum fell into financial difficulties and had trouble paying back a large number of investors, according to US authorities who recently charged top executives of the fund with running a US$1 billion fraud. Goldman started selling the Hanson shares last year, but was forced to stop after Tjokrosaputro filed a police complaint. He went on to sue Goldman in September for 15 trillion rupiah (US$1.1 billion), alleging the transaction was conducted "unlawfully". Tjokrosaputro's lawyer told Reuters his client did not breach his contract with Platinum and that no-one other than Tjokrosaputro had the right to own or sell the shares. In response, Goldman countersued the tycoon last month for at least US$1.1 billion claiming reputational damage. Goldman "lawfully" acquired the shares from Platinum through the negotiated board of the Indonesian Stock Exchange and the transactions were validly settled, the bank says in its claim documents. A bank spokesman told Reuters that Goldman Sachs International was not aware of Tjokrosaputro's dealings with Platinum, nor any restrictions on the shares it purchased. Topics:  INDONESIA BANKS AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4seX Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017feb06_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Online Grocer Grows Personal Data Protection Along With Business braintree_a123964_2016oct10_300x200_stros.jpg Rule the Roost – Ecomm tips to keep the holiday season going st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in Shopping Need a place to showcase your products or talent? Join Live10! Win an iPhone 7 when you shop on Qoo10 with Citibank Card! BAGS with LOVE! Valentine's Day GIFT For Your Loved Ones! 4 Bottles of DYNAMO @ $29.90! Our Household Superhero! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Indonesia to hold court hearing into Goldman Sachs's billion-dollar dispute with tycoon By Reuters Published: 18:00 EST, 6 February 2017 | Updated: 18:00 EST, 6 February 2017 e-mail By Eveline Danubrata JAKARTA, Feb 7 (Reuters) - Indonesia will hold a court hearing on Tuesday into a billion-dollar dispute between Goldman Sachs and a local tycoon, who says the Wall Street giant's unit unlawfully sold shares he owned, in the latest test for the country's legal system. Goldman took the unusual step of counter-suing the tycoon - Benny Tjokrosaputro - for reputational damage. The hearing on Tuesday will give the retail-to-property businessman a chance to rebuff Goldman's assertion. The dispute comes at a time when Indonesia, Southeast Asia's largest economy, is embarking on its biggest drive for foreign investment in a decade. Legal experts say the outcome could give an indication on whether the country's civil court proceedings will protect the rights of foreigners. Indonesia's government has recently raised investor concerns by cutting business ties with JPMorgan over a negative research report and partially reversing a mining policy. Goldman's prospects at the hearing could be affected by a general lack of transparency in Indonesian court proceedings, said Bill Sullivan, senior foreign counsel at Indonesian law firm Christian Teo & Partners. "This lack of transparency can result in very surprising decisions, especially when you have a foreign party seeking recovery from a well-resourced and well-connected local party," Sullivan told Reuters in an email. Goldman's dispute with Tjokrosaputro, president director of property developer PT Hanson International Tbk, stems from an arcane area of the financial market in which individuals or firms pledge shares in return for short-term loans, according to court documents and people familiar with the matter. Tjokrosaputro had pledged 425 million Hanson shares to U.S. hedge fund Platinum Partners in return for a loan on the basis that he could get the shares back upon repayment - an arrangement known as a repurchase agreement or a repo. Goldman's unit, Goldman Sachs International, bought the Hanson shares from Platinum as a hedge for the derivatives it had entered into with the fund, a bank spokesman said. In late 2014, New York-based Platinum fell into financial difficulties and had trouble paying back a large number of investors, according to U.S. authorities who recently charged top executives of the fund with running a $1 billion fraud. Goldman started selling the Hanson shares last year, but was forced to stop after Tjokrosaputro filed a police complaint. He went on to sue Goldman in September for 15 trillion rupiah ($1.1 billion), alleging the transaction was conducted "unlawfully". Tjokrosaputro's lawyer told Reuters his client did not breach his contract with Platinum and that no-one other than Tjokrosaputro had the right to own or sell the shares. In response, Goldman countersued the tycoon last month for at least $1.1 billion claiming reputational damage. Goldman "lawfully" acquired the shares from Platinum through the negotiated board of the Indonesian Stock Exchange and the transactions were validly settled, the bank says in its claim documents. A bank spokesman told Reuters that Goldman Sachs International was not aware of Tjokrosaputro's dealings with Platinum, nor any restrictions on the shares it purchased. ($1 = 13,327.00 rupiah) (Reporting by Eveline Danubrata in Jakarta and Lawrence Delevingne in New York, additional reporting by Cindy Silviana in Jakarta; Editing by Michelle Price and Himani Sarkar) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS That's cheeky! Calvin Klein plays This is Not America and Mexican immigrant designer sends 'f*** your wall' underwear down the runway as New York Fashion Week gets political All that glitters! Kylie Jenner flashes her midriff and legs in fringed gold crop top and matching skirt for Jeremy Scott's NYFW show LBD with a twist! Emily Ratajkowski slips on velvet dress for Jason Wu's 10th Anniversary Midnight Supper during NYFW EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Robin Thicke has emotional reunion with son Julian under watchful eye of social worker as ex Paula Patton reluctantly hands him over in park 'Late night sesh!' Make-up free Michelle Keegan flaunts gym-honed figure in black leggings and a vest as she enjoys Friday night workout Food to get you in the mood! Sexy dishes and drinks for Valentine's Day (and why they work)  SPONSORED Aphrodisiacs You can't strut with us! Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin make for a formidable fashion pack as they parade their way into the Fendi party 'He's gone. He's blue': Fadi Fawaz's frantic 999 call reveals that lover had 'been trying to wake George Michael for an hour' after finding him unconscious EXCLUSIVE: 'I was scared to come back because of my beliefs': Lindsay Lohan on returning to the US while studying Islam and why she wants to meet Trump Meow! Paris Hilton braves snow in quirky cat ear cap after walking the runway for New York Fashion Week Leather look Hailey Baldwin rocks rose colored glasses and leather for RtA FW 2017 presentation at New York Fashion Week Monochrome 'Grown and sexy': Shanina Shaik flashes MAJOR side boob in slinky black frock before celebrating 26th birthday with an adorable cake of her much-younger self  'So excited to shoot with women of all sizes!' Ashley Graham flaunts her cleavage in sizzling salsa-themed ad for her swimsuit line Daddy's biggest fan! Behati Prinsloo takes baby Dusty Rose to support Adam Levine as he is honored with star on Hollywood Walk of Fame Did I want Bowie's children? Never! A year after his death, Lulu tells of her affair with the rock legend, her troubled childhood - and the car crash that nearly killed her Look away Rob! Blac Chyna spotted without her engagement ring as she enjoys lunch date with a mystery man Kourtney Kardashian shows off her pins in black leggings as she chats on the phone while running errands In LA's upscale Sherman Oaks neighbourhood  Big city pretty! Snooki, JWoww and Christina Milian get dolled up at NYFW celebrity beauty bar The pretty celebs were on top forms She even stuns in sweats! Selena Gomez opts for comfort in cozy top and bell bottoms as she steps out in LA Relaxed 'You want to introduce some fear!' Tim McGraw reveals he scares his and Faith Hill's daughters' dates with a sledgehammer  'How pretty is this is?': Eva Longoria shares romantic Valentine's Day balloon display she made for husband Jose Bastón 'You're literally 99 per cent plastic now!': Fans SLAM Holly Hagan as she unveils new 'filled out' chin in proud before and after snap Nice puppies! Lena Dunham dons bold striped frock as she makes Tonight Show appearance with two cute furry guests Can't rain on her parade! Kelly Rowland braves LA downpour to celebrate birthday in showstopping beaded ensemble Birthday weekend 'His and hers': Bec Judd flaunts slim frame in activewear with husband Chris Judd in loved-up snap... six weeks after the pair celebrated their sixth wedding anniversary New York minute! Romee Strijd steps out in super short skirt showing off long legs during chilly NYFW Taking fashion week in her stride Mischa Barton steps out for a rainy day drive in her convertible...one day after 'drinking and smoking until 3 am' at West Hollywood bar 'She's our guardian angel now': Katie Holmes puts on a brave face at Fashion Week as she reveals her grandmother passed away  Looking good! Model Elyse Taylor looks radiant as she reveals her beauty secrets include coffee and green juice for breakfast and 60 minutes of cardio FIVE times a week Forget something? Allison Williams wows in sparkly black blazer with no BRA at Get Out premiere in Los Angeles Not worried about over exposure Pregnant Ciara shows off baby bump in skintight mini dress and stilettos while out with Russell Wilson in West Hollywood All smiles Sealed with a kiss! Ariel Winter shares a cheeky peek with her gal pal after getting frisky with fires Locking lips Sitting pretty: Charlie XCX shines in pink polka dots at the Variety Portrait Studio event with Noah Cyrus and Kat Graham She was an American Girl! Kate Upton stuns in slinky silk ensemble at MusiCares event honouring Tom Petty 'I want someone who's going to throw me on the bed!': Ferne McCann insists men are put off by her fame... as she reveals she's 'so ready' to settle down and have a baby 'Congratulations to the family': Rita Ora only has 'positive energy' for ex Rob Kardashian after he welcomes a baby with Blac Chyna... despite infamous Twitter spat  Nicole Scherzinger puts on a busty display in cut-out blouse for night out at LA hotspot Catch Eye-popping display Busting out! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts VERY ample cleavage in bizarre video announcement for new movie Second-gen stunner! Andy Garcia's daughter Alessandra Garcia Lorido is a rising talent in the plus-size modeling world A name to watch Daddy's little girl! Tom Hanks' grand-daughter's name revealed as the adorable tot steps out wearing an outfit picked out by father Chet  'Dressing her in gym gear is a cheap ratings stunt!': Corrie viewers SLAM 'nauseating' Rosie Webster as she exercises in a TINY pink sports bra 'He was on the bed, the gas fire next to him': EastEnders' June Brown admits she blamed herself for husband's suicide... as she celebrates 90th birthday and 32 years as Dot  Coffee and cigarettes: Fresh faced Frenchwoman Vanessa Paradis stops to smoke after enjoying lunch with friends Diane Kruger looks beautiful in blue as she joins Adriana Lima with a leggy display on front row at Jason Wu's New York Fashion Week show What would the Neighbours say? Makeup-free Olympia Valance poses NEAR-NAKED on board yacht with bikini-clad pals 'Babes!' Gwen Stefani gushes about beau Blake Shelton and pal Adam Levine as the Maroon 5 singer gets a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame A Lott of leg! Pixie shows off her toned pins in a ladylike LBD with bow detailing as she leads the glamour at Weinstein pre-BAFTA dinner Kim Kardashian works out with her sisters in LA while husband Kanye West prepares for fashion week in NYC Long distance  Courtney Stodden makes out with a mystery man as she confirms she has split from 56-year-old husband Doug Hutchison once again A vision in velvet! Jessie James Decker shows off her svelte figure in burgundy dress with thigh high boots for her Kittenish pop up shop Like a Greek Goddess! Australian Supermodel Nicole Trunfio dazzles the MusiCares red carpet in a unique silk white number She's got good jeans! Rachael Gouvignon flaunts slimmed-down figure in tight denim after posing NUDE in THAT beachside snap Move over Nicole Kidman! Meet Vimala Raman, 37, the girl who grew up in western Sydney watching Bollywood movies and is now one of India's most  successful actresses Actor abdication: The Crown creator admits he's 'thinking about recasting everybody' as the plot progresses... meaning Matt Smith and Claire Foy would no longer star in the show 'I want Sophie to stay single': Back in Corrie after a spell on the stage, Brooke Vincent says there's more to her lesbian character than her sexuality 'Strictly made me feel like a woman again': Singer Anastacia's double mastectomy saved her life, but left her with 'a road map' of scars 'Fashionable?' Wildlife warrior Bindi Irwin jokes about her latest 'fashion statement' days after touching tribute to her late father Steve Colour in Kate! Kensington Palace joins the crayon craze with a £5.99 book of the Duchess of Cambridge's outfits that is flying off the shelves  'The older that you get ... less is more!': Makeup enthusiast Kim Zolciak touts virtues of using fewer cosmetics Glam look Lauren Pope flaunts her incredible figure and sculpted abs in a bright yellow bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai Sultry beach style Victoria(na) chic! Jenna Coleman is the picture of elegance in thigh-skimming frock with pretty ruffle detailing at Weinstein pre-BAFTA party Bella Thorne wears lacy crop top to join mystery man on double-date bike ride with sister Dani Thorne and boyfriend in LA Someone new? Naughty but nice! LeAnn Rimes sizzles in a black dress with a plunging, laced up neckline for pre-Grammys event Cross her heart Babymoon time! Whitney Port and husband jet out on vacation after the Hills star announced pregnancy    'Something to sink his teeth into': Un-signed footballer Jamie O'Hara fills the void by taking a stab at modelling... following the demise of his CBB relationship with Bianca Gascoigne SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Gentlemen prefer blondes! Pixie Lott, her mother AND big sister meet a very animated Prince Charles  Lena Dunham bares midriff in crop top tracksuit after discussing her Trump diet again and how she 'drops weight with every move he makes' Lee slaps Whitney for telling him to man up, like his dad (Danny Dyer), capping off 'the week from hell' for the Carters in EastEnders, by JIM SHELLEY Soapwatch: Jaci Stephen's ultimate insight into the week's soaps  Bethany's drawn further into Nathan's lair. I suspect we'll see her being asked to get nude 'This gave me chills!': Emotional fans praise Michael Bublé's new video about 'everlasting love'... as he makes his musical comeback amid his son Noah's cancer battle Botox in her neck, an apple before every meal and lasers to wipe out knee wrinkles: How Christie Brinkley looks like this at 63 (and don't forget her daily washes with ACID soap)!  Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas cuts a demure figure in simple white dress as she cosies up to Olga Kurylenko at Harvey Weinstein's pre-BAFTA bash Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in a nude semi-sheer minidress at the Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor on set Youthful looking Nicole Kidman, 49, flashes a hint of skin in a quirky polka dot dress with a thigh-high split as she attends Lion premiere in Paris EXCLUSIVE: Beau Ryan's wife Kara shows off her blossoming baby bump in skintight activewear after announcing second pregnancy 'Before kids, eye bags and sleep theft': Fearne Cotton reminisces on girly getaway with Holly Willoughby as she posts throwback snap in honour of her birthday 'I thought about it and I was wrong!' D&G designer Stefano Gabbana backtracks after body-shaming Lady Gaga - and even praises her for being 'real'  Should Jamie Oliver be holding his baby so close to the cooker? Parenting expert's warning over photo of chef with his six-month-old son River Rocket Cooling off! Model Laura Csortan takes adorable three-month-old daughter Layla Rose for a swim during Sydney's heatwave Baby's day out! Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc take son Aidan on an afternoon trip to gourmet food emporium after a morning at a fashion show DENYING she'd run for senate 'It has really knocked him': Outnumbered's Tyger Drew-Honey left devastated after it's revealed his porn star dad Ben Dover has bladder cancer New York's her runway! Kendall Jenner parades much shorter haircut as she struts around town during fashion week Dramatic change The Boy from Oz! Actor Hugh Jackman reveals he STILL gets excited by snow despite years in the US as he braves New York snowstorm Snap in a blizzard Next generation! Sofia Richie shows off her modeling chops as she gets VERY close to Anwar Hadid in Tommy Hilfiger's sultry new denim campaign Well, it's not ALWAYS the happiest place on Earth! Drew Barrymore recalls her daughter Olive's spectacular tantrums at Disney World Bumping along nicely! Ciara protectively strokes her belly in clinging black dress on casual outing in Beverly Hills Pretty pregnant Looking tan-dy! Olivia Culpo and Madison Beer don color-coordinating outfits for Cushnie Et Ochs NYFW show Glimpse of decolletage thanks to a lack of a bra Kate Upton looks prim and proper in pearls and blouse at LAX following claims of 'diva' behavior over Sports Illustrated shoot Keeping it cute 'We're famous, Daddy!' Nick Cannon reveals his struggle to keep five-year-old twins with Mariah Carey grounded Battle to give children a normal childhood 'You're always playing the victim!' Kirk Norcross' ex Holli Willis launches into a tirade on Twitter about 'attention seeking' claims that she doesn't let him see their daughter Drop dead gorgeous! Pamella Roland shows glitzy beading, sheer accents, killer ladylike capes at stunning New York Fashion Week show That's not Selena Gomez! The Weeknd hits pre-Grammy party with a brunette former Miss USA who looks uncannily like his girlfriend Stephen Bear DROPPED from Celebs Go Dating agency and banned from show's launch party because of his 'relationship' with Charlotte Crosby Drew Barrymore's ex Will Kopelman takes daughters for stroll with female companion... after actress admits their divorce was her 'worst nightmare' Getting ready to roll! Irina Shayk reveals her baby bump in grey sweatshirt as she prepares for her little one's arrival with another driving lesson Family trip! Actress Charlize Theron heads through LAX with her children Jackson and August as well as her mother Black and white style It's all in the wrist! Celebrity hairstylist Justine Marjan details the secrets to how she achieves perfectly lived-in waves on clients like Khloe Kardashian Katy Perry on why she's 'given up' caring what people think about her quirky style Pop beauty admits she used to spend hours reading comments Postcard from paradise: Kim Kardashian shares personal photo album of her wet and wild waterfall adventure in Costa Rica  'We are truly blessed': Family rejoice as Jamie Lynn Spears' daughter Maddie, 8, LEAVES hospital six days after girl almost died after flipping ATV into a pond Coronation Street's Catherine Tyldesley displays her long legs and hourglass figure in leather skirt on date night with husband Tom Pitfield 'Your job is to get naked and say lines!' Debra Messing reveals how an award-winning director pressured her to go nude on set - after insisting she needed a nose job Made in Mayfair! Tiffany Watson flaunts her tanned and toned legs in form-fitting white frock as she enjoys glamorous night out in London TOWIE's Kate Wright refuses to namedrop 'new footballer boyfriend Rio Ferdinand in upcoming series as it has nothing to do with the show' Trailer for 'racist' Netflix series Dear White People 'gets a million dislikes in just ONE day' - and sparks customer revolt  Controversial Keanu Reeves looks dapper in a navy suit as he attends the gala screening of his latest flick John Wick in London Killing it  Trainspotting 2's Anjela Nedyalkova looks leggy in skintight black dress at Berlinale International Film Festival... after getting naked with Ewan McGregor in steamy scenes Oh so chic! Olivia Culpo and Nicky Hilton turn heads in black at white at LANYU Couture runway show The biggest names in fashion turn out 'Um, photoshop gone wrong': Fans accuse Charlotte Crosby of heavily doctoring her Insta post as she poses in lycra in front of 'very wonky skirting board'  'So proud' Jennifer Ellison parades her newly-svelte figure in tiny sports bra as she drops a whopping four dress sizes in just three months How the West Wing was won: Kellyanne Conway dresses in head-to-toe leather day after travel ban ruling (and drops $6k on her boots and purse alone) Cinema says it won't let men in to watch Fifty Shades Darker 'until we see if women can control themselves'  Too steamy for the ladies? Fifty Shades of Demure! Dakota Johnson cuts a casual figure in chic fur-trimmed overcoat as she jets out of London for her next movie premiere BEL MOONEY: My life's been ruined by my lover's tangle of lies Advice for a woman who moved to the Midlands to be with a man - only to learn he was having casual sex with others. What happened to Sarah? How Fergie's now calling herself Margaret York and trying to run a business empire from a hotel bar  Little Minxes! Jesy Nelson flaunts her incredible abs in a plunging sports bra... as Jade Thirlwall shows off her slender figure in a racy tour costume She's gone all Sporty Spice: Victoria Beckham wears head to toe Adidas in show of support to brand ambassador husband David following scandal Effortlessly chic! Model Jessica Hart flashes a hint of cleavage as she goes BRALESS in plunging black outfit at New York Fashion Week 'Sticky as hell!' Atomic Kitten pose for a busty photo as they get hot and sweaty on the Melbourne leg of their reunion tour... as Kerry Katona bounces back after her mystery illness Suddenly shy? Rita Ora wraps up in oversized shearling coat as she heads to Heathrow airport... after flashing underboob at Fifty Shades Darker premiere 'You need company': Grieving Debbie McGee hints that she's ready to find love again as she tries to 'keep busy' a year after husband Paul Daniels' death Baby's first Chanel: Rob Kardashian posts sweet snap of baby Dream wearing designer outfit as she turns three months old Alec Baldwin roasts Ivanka Trump during Tonight Show saying he bought his suit from her collection for '95 per cent off' amid Nordstrom fiasco Free the nipple! Raf Simons sends his models down the runway at New York Fashion Week in risque SEE-THROUGH sweaters as he debuts his first Calvin Klein collection Brielle Biermann enjoys a sweet early Valentine's Day celebration with boyfriend Michael Kopech and wins 'best girlfriend' award Revenge is best served HOT! Khloe Kardashian proudly models her ripped body in mirror selfie after officially dropping Odom from her name 'We connected really quickly:' Gigi Hadid reveals she tried struggled to play it cool after falling hard for Zayn when they first met Richard Gere, 67, and girlfriend Alejandra Silva, 33, pucker up on the red carpet as they put on a besotted display at the Berlin Film Festival Oh, what beautiful morning! Leighton Meester, Camilla Belle and Victoria Justice flock to Russian Tea Room for Kate Spade NYFW show Millie Bobby Brown joins the A-list front row fashion set at Calvin Klein after being named the new face of the designer brand at just 12 Seeking frills! Alexa Chung flaunts her long lean figure as she braves the cold in chic crochet dress to attend Calvin Klein show during New York Fashion Week Love you, baby! Maksim Chmerkovskiy kisses Peta Murgatroyd at fashion show as they take a night off parent duty one month after birth of son  While Kate Spade unveils a Paris-inspired 2017 collection with the help of Victoria Justice, Tanya Taylor serves up intricate pieces for the modern gal Golden girls! Gwyneth Paltrow and Sarah Jessica Parker rock autumnal colors for Calvin Klein's Fall Winter show at NYFW Naomie Harris is the picture of elegance in checked trousers and chic white coat as she makes glamorous arrival at Calvin Klein NYFW show Ex On The Beach's Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets and peachy bottom in a tiny mismatched bikini as she hits the pool in Tenerife 'You can't be obese and happy': Super-slimmer Tina Malone claims true joy comes from being thin... but Chantelle Houghton says 'life is too short' The Grammys' 'trophy girls' who dish out the awards now include a transgender woman and a man  Martina Robledo, Derek Marrocco, Hollin Haley will be the 3 handlers 'I'd like to have kids... but I need a guy!' Sophie Monk reveals hopes of having a baby THIS YEAR and is open to being a single mum 'if it got to that' 'She's very shaken up': Love Island's Olivia Buckland left in hospital after hitting her head in petrifying car crash Sustained an injury to her head  How Kate took ten years off her face: The Duchess has ditched her heavy eyeliner, and matte foundation since turning 35 (and looks a decade younger) MY HAVEN - Martin Roberts: The Homes Under The Hammer host, 53, in his tree house (and radio studio) in Somerset  She plays Governor Hildur Odegard in Sky Atlantic's dark drama Fortitude and here Sofie Grabol talks us through a week on the show's set... Tony Blackburn will make his triumphant return to Radio 2 for a 6am Saturday job one year after his sacking  Sounds Of The 60s I'm not Radio Gaga, legendary DJ Brian Matthew tells JANE FRYER after he briefly fell ill and was abruptly pensioned off from the BBC following 63 years with the corporation  It's celebrity walkies! Well-known faces walk their dogs in stunning locations and telling us as much about the owners as the beauty spots Bill Oddie wouldn't do yoga, Sheila Ferguson had a date and Miriam Stoppard couldn't surrender to the spirituality. Yes, The Real Marigold Hotel is back Natural beauty! Makeup-free Pia Miller shares 'grumpy selfie' ahead of early morning shoot and STILL looks stunning The Germans won the war and Britain is under occupation. That's the idea behind new TV drama SS-GB - and its dystopian vision is utterly chilling: Welcome to Nazi Britain  Terry Pratchett's final fantasy: The late literary legend recorded his innermost thoughts before he passed away in 2015 - now actor Paul Kaye's brought them to life in a moving film After a tantalising star turn in The Night Manager, Elizabeth Debicki returns to British TV in Australian alien abduction thriller The Kettering Incident Fancy seeing you here! Lily-Rose Depp bumps into her pal Tallulah Willis at popular LA lunch spot The two friends met unexpectedly Richard Gere and his co-star Laura Linney cosy up to each other on the red carpet for new film The Dinner at the 67th Berlinale International Film Festival Whoopi Goldberg reveals she didn't realise how much she depended on her mother and brother as she discusses their deaths on Loose Women EXCLUSIVE: 'We had SEX in Buckingham Palace toilets': Steve Jones admits to a very naughty regal romp with his wife Phylicia Her pride and joy! Teresa Palmer shares adorable snap of her sons Bodhi Rain and Forest Sage as she gushes over the baby's 'new chatter' Picking up a present for the grandchildren? Amal Clooney's mum is pictured heading into a children's bookshop as it's revealed the couple are expecting twins Blondes have more fun! Allison Williams shows off platinum hair at LA screening of Get Out with director Jordan Peele and co-stars Kate Moss flashes her racy leather bra as she unbuttons her shirt during dinner in London... before heading home in the early hours bleary-eyed She'll catch her death! Braless Ashley James puts on a VERY busty display as she showcases her ample cleavage in plunging pink knitwear Time to chill! Geordie Shore newbie Zahida Allen braves snowy conditions in TINY plunging mini dress as she enjoys girls' night at French ski resort 'My heart is broken!' Twitter goes into mourning as Kris Marshall bids an emotional farewell to Death In Paradise Charli Sexy-X! Popstar puts on very busty display in plunging bralet and tiny shorts as she performs new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live 'She threw me off!': Maria Shriver gets flustered after Lena Dunham says the word penis during live interview on Today show Take a bow! Solange Knowles shows off a hint of cleavage in quirky plunging blazer at the Black Women in Music event in Hollywood  So wild! Sofia Vergara wears zebra print blouse as she films Modern Family with Ed O'Neill In character as Gloria during a shoot day 'It's got a life of its own!' Linda Robson has Loose Women panel in stitches as she fails to switch off sex toy and mistakes nipple tassels for earrings PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tyga's ex Demi Rose sizzles in racy red lace lingerie for sexy Valentine's Day shoot as she reveals plans to move to America Shia LaBeouf's anti-Trump museum exhibit is shut down after becoming a 'flashpoint for violence' He Will Not Divide Us exhibit Tara Palmer-Tomkinson's family reveal she 'died peacefully in her sleep' as heartbroken sister visits tragic socialite's £1.6million apartment  Lisa Appleton flashes her very ample assets whilst flexing her muscles in Wonder Woman-inspired gym wear by the seaside in Blackpool 'There was a baby boom!' Jamie Dornan admits erotic Fifty Shades sex scenes with Dakota Johnson led to pregnancy surge 'You're going to cry again': Eamonn Holmes reminds emotional Ruth Langsford of how he asked her mum for hand in marriage during her dad's dementia battle Aidan Turner puffs away on a cigarette before he resumes filming with Eleanor Tomlinson for Poldark season three EastEnders' Jack Branning can't contain his grief-fuelled rage as it's revealed what really caused Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell's deaths Seething with rage  Not wanted! NeNe Leakes and Kim Zolciak's return to RHOA angers co-stars amid pay cut concerns Sure to be explosive Fresh fears for Mischa Barton as she is seen drinking, smoking and partying until 3am just weeks after shocking 'meltdown'  Pictured drinking 'Amal's twins and Beyonce's twins will sit on the thrones of Narnia': Twitter reacts to George Clooney baby news Double the joy! 'Caught early it's very curable': Pointless host Alexander Armstrong undergoes testicular cancer test in front of millions on This Morning Praised by viewers  Sheer daring! Kendall Jenner bares pert derriere in see-through gown as she hits catwalk for La Perla NYFW show Sheer style 'Everything I could possibly ever want on my birthday': Make-up free Holly Willoughby poses for a rare snap with her three children as she turns 36 Could it be a trio of pregnancies for The Hills? Speidi fuel rumours they are expecting as they congratulate Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad 'He thinks he can win in every discipline' Davina McCall on Spencer Matthews' cocky attitude on The Jump... and his co-stars plan to 'take him down' '27 weeks and 2 days': Pregnant Love Island star Cally Jane Beech excitedly shares picture of her growing baby bump as she poses in her underwear  Mini Moyles! Radio DJ Chris showcases his jaw-dropping five stone weight loss at the opening of Jamie Oliver's new restaurant in London Save the breast for last! Courtney Stodden sizzles in plunging bodysuit as she showcases major sideboob at pre-Grammys bash in LA Death in Paradise star whose shorts have made her a hit with viewers entertains Twitter with live episode updates (and responds to their flirty posts) 'I'm just gutted I'm not allowed to see you': Kirk Norcross shares heart-wrenching video with daughter  on her first birthday...amid claims ex is blocking access LEAFing little to the imagination! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her eye-popping cleavage in a sheer top as she accessorises with a quirky clutch When she's feeling blue: Selma Blair flaunts her legs in a patterned mini and a matching pyjama-style ensemble as she mixed up her look throughout the day Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, 29, finally confirms she's PREGNANT with fiance Jason Statham, 49, as she shares burgeoning bikini bump snap  'Looking hot in those kinky boots this morning!' Twitter goes wild for Lorraine Kelly's patent leather knee-highs on TV show It's Ferry slippy! Geordie Shore's Chloe takes a tumble on the ice alongside cast mate Marnie Simpson as they continue to film new series in Tignes Brooklyn Beckham heads out for a night out on the town amid father David's email hacking scandal Heading to Mayfair It was never meant to workout! Jamie O'Hara endures gruelling personal training session... after dumping CBB love interest Bianca Gascoigne EastEnders suffers another epic gaffe when stagehand wanders into Aunt Babe and Sylvie's dramatic scene A man in a high vis jacket was in shot Lady in leather! Smiling Queen Maxima of the Netherlands steps out in an edgy plum pencil skirt on a visit to a design school in east Germany  TayTay Starhz continues to cash in on THAT kiss with Zoe Ball as he claims he helped cause the end of her marriage to Norman Cook  Can YOU identify these stars from just their lips? Scientists say plump pouts like the Kardashians' aren't the most desirable while Holly Willoughby has a perfect pair Awkward! Suits stars Rick Hoffman and Sarah Rafferty dodge question about co-star Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on The Project Such a (Suga)babe! Heidi Range oozes glamour in a lace jumpsuit as she enjoys a theatre date night with hunky husband at the Carole King Musical It's official! George Clooney, 55, and pregnant wife Amal, 39, finally confirm rumours they are expecting TWINS Due in June 50 shades duller! (And as erotic as a bluebottle landing on your bottom): BRIAN VINER gives his verdict on the sequel Even more pale and at times downright limp 'Just perfect': Peter Andre shares intimate breastfeeding snap of wife Emily MacDonagh... as they hint at solidarity for Tamara Ecclestone following her rant When Hermione fell for Voldemort... Hilarious Beauty and The Beast spoof trailer sees Emma Watson's Belle fall in love with Harry Potter's evil nemesis Revealed: The punishing regime that saw DJ Chris Moyles ditch pizza for quinoa and the radio chair for running to shed a whopping FIVE STONE   With their drunken orgies, the sexually voracious Wizard Of Oz Munchkins turned to whoring, pimping and other crimes   Exposed 'I'm putting my pyjamas on': Katie Price teases she won't be getting X-rated with husband Kieran Hayler after watching steamy Fifty Shades Darker 'Every day I want more drugs': Friends reveal tragic Tara's struggle with addiction in her final months as sister tells of her heartbreak Tragic death Throwback Thursday! Zayn Malik channels James Dean with edgy shearling jacket and classic quiff at Billboard Power 100 celebration Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Trump backs ‘One China’ policy in first presidential call with Xi Le Pen debt plan threatens massive default, say rating agencies Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Expats take flight as Abu Dhabi tightens purse strings Trump’s battle with judges sets stage for constitutional showdown US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump backs ‘One China’ policy in first presidential call with Xi Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Trump’s battle with judges sets stage for constitutional showdown Trump embraces Abe after moving to heal rift with Beijing The ruling against President Trump’s travel ban dissected Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Rupert Murdoch secretly sat in on interview with Donald Trump Snap set to spur new wave of tech start-ups in Los Angeles Shell and Chevron hold the good cards as oil price rebounds Former Rolls-Royce chief quizzed under caution in corruption probe Big pharma faces costly setback in cancer fight Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read The importance of bubbles that did not burst Major Chinese bitcoin exchanges halt withdrawals after crackdown Hot leveraged loan market puts ebitda ‘add-backs’ under scrutiny Opec beats oil output cut expectations, says watchdog Investors pile into risky bonds in bet on Trump economy Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Reasons to be cheerful about the British economy Theresa May’s policies make a mockery of her rhetoric The week revolution returned to Romania Big pharma faces costly setback in cancer fight Martin Schulz, the veteran MEP challenging for Merkel’s crown Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read My everyday gripes with Google and Amazon voice assistants Is it better to vape than to smoke? How a hostage situation can hone management skills How to ask for what you want — and get it every time  The death of the 40-hour week is killing us Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read North Korean defector Hyeonseo Lee on escape and the secretive state Aubrey de Grey: scientist who says humans can live for 1,000 years London’s prime property bargains for foreign buyers Are we witnessing the strange, lingering death of Labour England? The rise and fall of a US-backed rebel commander in Syria Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times UK to sell record £4bn of student loans to investors Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Open in app Open in app
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Invitation Homes Completes $1.8 Billion Initial Public Offering DALLAS, Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Invitation Homes Inc. (NYSE: INVH) today announced that it has completed its initial public offering of 88,550,000 shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $20.00 per share, including 11,550,000 shares sold in connection with the full exercise of the option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriters, resulting in gross proceeds of $1,771.0 million. Invitation Homes intends to use the net proceeds of the offering of $1,670.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, together with borrowings under its new term loan facility, to repay existing indebtedness and to pay fees and expenses related to the offering. Deutsche Bank Securities, J.P. Morgan, BofA Merrill Lynch, Goldman, Sachs & Co., Wells Fargo Securities, Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley and RBC Capital Markets acted as joint book-running managers for the offering. Blackstone Capital Markets, BTIG, Evercore ISI, FBR, JMP Securities, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, A Stifel Company, Raymond James, Siebert Cisneros Shank & Co., L.L.C. and Zelman Partners LLC acted as co-managers. The offering was made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus relating to the offering can be obtained from: Deutsche Bank Securities, Attention: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, or by phone at (800) 503-4611; or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by phone at (866) 803-9204. The final prospectus may also be accessed through the website of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission („SEC”) at www.sec.gov. A registration statement relating to the securities has been declared effective by the SEC. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About Invitation Homes: Invitation Homes is a leading owner and operator of single-family homes for lease, offering residents high-quality homes in desirable neighborhoods across America. With nearly 50,000 homes for lease in 13 markets across the country, Invitation Homes is meeting changing lifestyle demands by providing residents access to updated homes with features they value, such as close proximity to jobs and access to good schools. The company’s mission, „Together with you, we make a house a home,” reflects its commitment to high-touch service that continuously enhances residents’ living experiences and provides homes where individuals and families can thrive. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as „outlook,” „believes,” „expects,” „potential,” „continues,” „may,” „will,” „should,” „could,” „seeks,” „approximately,” „projects,” „predicts,” „intends,” „plans,” „estimates,” „anticipates” or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. These factors include but are not limited to those described in the section entitled „Risk Factors” in our registration statement on Form S-11, as amended from time to time, filed with the SEC at www.sec.gov. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. Investor Relations Contact: Greg Van Winkle Phone: 844.456.INVH (4684) Email: IR@InvitationHomes.com Media Relations Contact: Claire B. Parker Phone: 202.257.2329 Email: Media@InvitationHomes.com SOURCE Invitation Homes CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, Books, commission, Companies, company, Home and Garden, Lifestyle, Markets, section, service, Stock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Introducing Boomer Media Agency “Marketing by and for Baby Boomers” Next PostNext Securus Technologies Announces the Activation of Additional Wireless Containment Solution Installation Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Invitation Homes Completes $1.8 Billion Initial Public Offering DALLAS, Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Invitation Homes Inc. (NYSE: INVH) today announced that it has completed its initial public offering of 88,550,000 shares of its common stock at a price to the public of $20.00 per share, including 11,550,000 shares sold in connection with the full exercise of the option to purchase additional shares granted to the underwriters, resulting in gross proceeds of $1,771.0 million. Invitation Homes intends to use the net proceeds of the offering of $1,670.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses payable by the Company, together with borrowings under its new term loan facility, to repay existing indebtedness and to pay fees and expenses related to the offering. Deutsche Bank Securities, J.P. Morgan, BofA Merrill Lynch, Goldman, Sachs & Co., Wells Fargo Securities, Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley and RBC Capital Markets acted as joint book-running managers for the offering.  Blackstone Capital Markets, BTIG, Evercore ISI, FBR, JMP Securities, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, A Stifel Company, Raymond James, Siebert Cisneros Shank & Co., L.L.C. and Zelman Partners LLC acted as co-managers. The offering was made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus relating to the offering can be obtained from: Deutsche Bank Securities, Attention: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005, or  by phone at (800) 503-4611; or J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by phone at (866) 803-9204. The final prospectus may also be accessed through the website of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) at www.sec.gov. A registration statement relating to the securities has been declared effective by the SEC. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About Invitation Homes: Invitation Homes is a leading owner and operator of single-family homes for lease, offering residents high-quality homes in desirable neighborhoods across America. With nearly 50,000 homes for lease in 13 markets across the country, Invitation Homes is meeting changing lifestyle demands by providing residents access to updated homes with features they value, such as close proximity to jobs and access to good schools.  The company’s mission, “Together with you, we make a house a home,” reflects its commitment to high-touch service that continuously enhances residents’ living experiences and provides homes where individuals and families can thrive. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as “outlook,” “believes,” “expects,” “potential,” “continues,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “seeks,” “approximately,” “projects,” “predicts,” “intends,” “plans,” “estimates,” “anticipates” or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. These factors include but are not limited to those described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” in our registration statement on Form S-11, as amended from time to time, filed with the SEC at www.sec.gov.  We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. Investor Relations Contact: Greg Van Winkle Phone: 844.456.INVH (4684) Email: IR@InvitationHomes.com Media Relations Contact: Claire B. Parker Phone: 202.257.2329 Email: Media@InvitationHomes.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/invitation-homes-completes-18-billion-initial-public-offering-300402856.html SOURCE Invitation Homes CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, Books, commission, Companies, company, Home and Garden, Lifestyle, Markets, section, service, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Display Market Trends, Automotive Display Market Growth, Automotive Display Industry Share Next PostNext “Cosmic Symphony” by Michael Goldzweig Artist’s Reception – February 11, 2017 6-9pm Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars MARKETING VB Live Marketers: Big data is making you lazy (VB Live) Jascha Kaykas-Wolff, Mozilla February 6, 2017 2:30 PM Tags: Big Data, marketing stack, marketing technology, Mozilla Image Credit: Shutterstock Mozilla CMO Jascha Kaykas-Wolff will be joining our upcoming VB Live event, “Lean data for marketers: How your org can stand out among lazy competitors.” Join the roundtable to  Register here for free. Today’s marketing has a dirty secret: it’s gotten lazy. During the past decade the number of marketing technology tools has exploded to well over 3,000. Overwhelmingly, those tools have focused on collecting, organizing, and finding insights from data. In response, marketers have defined growth as a mathematical exercise of collecting bigger and bigger datasets. Get all the data you can, goes the conventional wisdom, and software will find the magic bullet buried within the numbers. True, software can create leverage for your marketing efforts. Data can help inform. But as an industry and as a practice, marketing departments are replacing the sound business fundamentals it once practiced with the procedural tasks of buying and leasing data using tools devoted to collecting as much customer data as possible. In this rush to accumulate and sell data for its own sake, we’re jumping past using data to validate a strong product market fit, creating solid positioning, and developing customer trust. After two decades in marketing, my thinking has come full circle. For growth-minded companies, collecting customer data for the sake of collecting data is more risk than the rewards can usually justify. Instead, we should be looking for ways to collect less data and go lean. Why? Because our collection tools create expensive overhead and risks that are impacting the trust of our customers in a negative way. Consider the fallout from the Ashley Madison security breach in 2015, which affected 33 million users and cost the company an estimated $850M in damages — all for a company for which discretion and security is a critical brand value. Or JPMorgan Chase’s cyberattack in 2014, affecting 76 million customers and 7 million small businesses with estimates of total damage around $1B, despite the bank spending $250M per year on data security. In the last year alone, the number of companies selling software products that collect, parse, and help marketers take action on data has increased from around 2,000 to nearly 3,700 companies. That’s about 80 percent growth. It should be a fantastic golden age for marketers right now, but it’s not, because there are a few fundamental problems. What if we’re buying these marketing tools, because we think they will help us achieve growth where there isn’t a viable product market fit? What if it’s easier to continue to collect data than to take a risk without absolute certainty? What if we don’t need customer data beyond what’s explicitly been given to us by the customers already? “The Answer” isn’t in those piles of data, no matter how many marketing tools we use to condense and concatenate it. It usually doesn’t work that way. Hardly ever. Mostly never.  And for most startup and growth-stage companies, the age of Big Data is a confusing mess without the added risks of collecting, storing, and protecting sensitive data. Maintaining data is a full-time obligation to customers and it requires several levels of expertise. IT and marketing have to balance security concerns with access privileges. Data analysts have to balance actionable recommendations with inconclusive results. And everyone in business needs a refresher on the difference between correlation, causation, and sample bias. Because of this obsession with data, we’re slipping a notch further into abstractions of our customers. We’re not doing our fundamental marketing research with the customers themselves: understanding our customer population, knowing if and where they exist, knowing what their needs are, and knowing what benefit we actually provide to them. You might say, “Look, I’m a growth marketer, and these are the tools of the trade. This is the way we have to operate. Just forget about it, and we’ll deal with the data risks if they actually become something real.” But we aren’t dealing with the risks, and they are becoming something real. We know this from first-hand experience. Last year, my team at Mozilla had an epiphany when our customers said, “We actually don’t care about using your services for the reasons that you think. It’s not about you being faster, or better, or whatever. We care about something different.” Our customers said they cared about the purpose that we have as an organization, and by extension they said they cared about being informed and in control about what we do with their information. We believe our customers told us this for a simple reason. People are becoming aware of how businesses violate their privacy, either purposefully or accidentally. Customers know they’re being bought and sold by data brokers. The millennial mindset that’s emerging and changing the consumer world can be summed up in one word: Trust. People want to buy from companies they trust. And I think we, as marketers, should care about that. Trust is earned by living up to our product’s promises and taking care of our customers’ data. We should care, because this is where our growth opportunities are going to be. And we’re not going to be able to meet them by merely maintaining status-quo industry data practices. Instead, I hope I can convince you that trust and growth are not mutually exclusive business tradeoffs, that profits are not stunted by more judicious collection, protection, and use of customer data. To the contrary, lean data practices and profits reinforce one another. More importantly, lean data practices teach us marketers to think carefully about trust. Don’t worry, I’m not saying data doesn’t help. You can still play with data. You can keep your toys. I have mine, too. But for the most part, compiling bigger and more complex sets of customer data will not lead to the big profit and marketshare breakthroughs that Big Data promises. Instead, we marketers must learn to live and think lean. The twin false gods of Big Data and MarTech will continue to encourage thousands of marketers to gather all the data they can wielding an ever-expanding arsenal of tools to sift through it all, with little discussion about whether the mad scramble to vacuum up customer info is worth the trouble, expense, and risk. I challenge the assumption that more data is always better. Rather, I say you can have too much of a good thing. And I call that sort of scrape-first think-later behavior lazy marketing. Jascha Kaykas-Wolff is Chief Marketing Officer at Mozilla. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Laureate Education Announces Closing of its Initial Public Offering BALTIMORE, Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Laureate Education, Inc. (Nasdaq: LAUR) („Laureate”) announced today the closing of its initial public offering of Class A common stock. Shares of Laureate began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on February 1, 2017, under the symbol „LAUR.” In connection with the offering, Laureate issued a total of 35,000,000 shares of Class A common stock at a price to the public of $14.00 per share. Laureate has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 5,250,000 shares of Class A common stock at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The offering raised net proceeds of approximately $456.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. Laureate intends to use the proceeds from the offering to repay, redeem or repurchase its outstanding 9.250% Senior Notes due 2019, its term loans under its senior secured credit facility and/or the seller notes used to partially finance the acquisition of FMU Group. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Barclays Capital Inc. are acting as joint book-running managers and representatives of the underwriters. Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Goldman, Sachs & Co. also are acting as book-running managers for the offering. Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Piper Jaffray & Co., Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, William Blair & Company, L.L.C., Banco Bradesco BBI S.A. and BTG Pactual US Capital, LLC are acting as co-managers of the offering. A registration statement, including a prospectus, relating to the offering of shares of the Class A common stock of Laureate was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 31, 2017. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, One Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010, or by calling toll-free at (800) 221-1037, or by email at newyork.prospectus@credit-suisse.com; Morgan Stanley, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; or Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by calling toll-free at (888) 603-5847, or by email at barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any state or jurisdiction. About Laureate Education, Inc. Laureate is the largest network of degree-granting higher education institutions, with more than one million students enrolled across 71 institutions in 25 countries on more than 200 campuses. In 1999, Laureate Education made its first investment in higher education and, since that time, it has developed into the leader in global higher education. Laureate offers high-quality undergraduate, graduate and specialized programs in a wide range of disciplines that provide attractive employment prospects. SOURCE Laureate Education, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, Books, commission, Companies, company, Education, Markets, Stock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LakePharma Appoints Dr. Aaron Sato as Chief Scientific Officer to Lead Its Antibody Center Next PostNext Bank Mutual Corporation Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend And Stock Repurchase Program Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Laureate Education Announces Closing of its Initial Public Offering BALTIMORE, Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Laureate Education, Inc. (Nasdaq: LAUR) (“Laureate”) announced today the closing of its initial public offering of Class A common stock. Shares of Laureate began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on February 1, 2017, under the symbol “LAUR.” In connection with the offering, Laureate issued a total of 35,000,000 shares of Class A common stock at a price to the public of $14.00 per share. Laureate has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional 5,250,000 shares of Class A common stock at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The offering raised net proceeds of approximately $456.5 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. Laureate intends to use the proceeds from the offering to repay, redeem or repurchase its outstanding 9.250% Senior Notes due 2019, its term loans under its senior secured credit facility and/or the seller notes used to partially finance the acquisition of FMU Group. Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Barclays Capital Inc. are acting as joint book-running managers and representatives of the underwriters. Macquarie Capital (USA) Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, BMO Capital Markets Corp., Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Goldman, Sachs & Co. also are acting as book-running managers for the offering. Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Barrington Research Associates, Inc., Piper Jaffray & Co., Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, William Blair & Company, L.L.C., Banco Bradesco BBI S.A. and BTG Pactual US Capital, LLC are acting as co-managers of the offering. A registration statement, including a prospectus, relating to the offering of shares of the Class A common stock of Laureate was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 31, 2017. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, One Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010, or by calling toll-free at (800) 221-1037, or by email at newyork.prospectus@credit-suisse.com; Morgan Stanley, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; or Barclays Capital Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by calling toll-free at (888) 603-5847, or by email at barclaysprospectus@broadridge.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any state or jurisdiction. About Laureate Education, Inc. Laureate is the largest network of degree-granting higher education institutions, with more than one million students enrolled across 71 institutions in 25 countries on more than 200 campuses. In 1999, Laureate Education made its first investment in higher education and, since that time, it has developed into the leader in global higher education. Laureate offers high-quality undergraduate, graduate and specialized programs in a wide range of disciplines that provide attractive employment prospects. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/laureate-education-announces-closing-of-its-initial-public-offering-300402787.html SOURCE Laureate Education, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattention, Books, commission, Companies, company, Education, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious World Radio Frequency Filters Market CAGR of 15.24% during 2016-2020-Industry Analysis, Geographical Segmentation, Drivers, Challenges, Trend & Forecasts 2020 Next PostNext Peritoneal Dialysis Market with Geographic Segmentation, Statistical Forecast and Competitive Analysis Report to 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News AmeriGas Partners, L.P. Prices Issuance of New Notes VALLEY FORGE, Pa.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–AmeriGas Partners, L.P. (NYSE: APU) (“AmeriGas Partners”) announced today that it and its wholly owned subsidiary, AmeriGas Finance Corp. (the “Co-Issuer”), will issue $525,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 5.750% Senior Notes due 2027. The net proceeds from the notes offering will be used to finance AmeriGas Partners’ tender offer for any and all of its outstanding 7.00% Senior Notes Due 2022 and any remaining net proceeds will be used for general business purposes. The notes offering is expected to close on or about February 13, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated are acting as joint book-running managers for the notes offering. This notes offering is being made under an effective shelf registration statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and this notes offering is being made only by means of a prospectus supplement for this notes offering and a related base prospectus dated June 20, 2016. Copies of the prospectus supplement and the related base prospectus may be obtained by contacting: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717 or by calling 866-803-9204. This announcement is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any note in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or solicitation, or the sale of these notes, would be unlawful without registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. About AmeriGas Partners AmeriGas Partners is the nation’s largest retail propane marketer, serving approximately 1.9 million residential, commercial, industrial, agricultural, wholesale and motor fuel customers in all 50 states from approximately 1,900 propane distribution locations. UGI Corporation, through subsidiaries, is the sole General Partner and owns 26% of AmeriGas Partners and the public owns the remaining 74%. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain forward-looking statements that management believes to be reasonable as of today’s date only. Actual results may differ significantly because of risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond management’s control. You should read the AmeriGas Partners’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more extensive list of factors that could affect results. Among them are adverse weather conditions, cost volatility and availability of propane, increased customer conservation measures, the capacity to transport propane to our market areas, the impact of pending and future legal proceedings, liability for uninsured claims and for claims in excess of insurance coverage, political, economic and regulatory conditions in the U.S. and abroad, our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions and achieve anticipated synergies, and the interruption, disruption, failure, malfunction, or breach of our information technology systems, including due to cyber-attack. AmeriGas Partners undertakes no obligation to release revisions to its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after today. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattack, base, Books, Business, commission, general, Legal, Markets, Nation, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Medical Thermal Paper Market Research and Projections 2021 on Consumer Needs, Pricing strategy, Revenue and Growth Rate Next PostNext Epidermal Growth Factor (EGF) Market Analysis, Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Gothamist is a website about New York View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC How To Take Action Against Trump This Week by Scott Heins in News on Feb 6, 2017 4:12 pm Protesters at a rally for LGBTQ solidarity with immigrants and Muslims affected by Trump's travel ban gathered outside Manhattan's Stonewall Inn on Saturday, February 4th (Scott Lynch/Gothamist) According to a new report in the Times, Donald Trump "feels increasingly pinched by the pressures of the job and the constant presence of protests." We strongly recommend bookmarking this community calendar of rallies, meetings, workshops, and fundraisers dedicated to fighting the good fight. Below, we've amassed a list of great ways to stay active and organized. Let the pinching continue! Get Organized Brooklyn: Full Group Meeting This Monday night, City Council Member Brad Lander will again host a panel discussion and breakout meetings intended to answer your questions about how to become more active in community efforts against Trump's agenda. Although the meeting's space holds 1200 people, it's expected to reach full capacity and then some, so get there early to guarantee yourself a seat! Monday, February 27th, 6:30-9:30 p.m. // Congregation Beth Elohim, 274 Garfield Place, Brooklyn Stand Up For Public Schools: A Candlelight Vigil With Betsy DeVos's confirmation vote hanging by a thread, anyone and everyone who gives a damn about public schools is being encouraged to stand in front of one for an impromptu nationwide candlelight vigil for America's education. You can search the #StandUpForPublicSchools hashtag to find out how others both here in New York and across the country are getting involved (and while you're at it, maybe call your representatives!). Monday, February 6th, 7 p.m. // Any and all public schools Locked in Solidarity To paraphrase a certain Democratic Socialist from Vermont, America needs to invest in jobs and education, not jails and incarceration. For the fourth year in a row, the Christian Community Development Association will rally against the mass injustices that crowd America's prisons with a forum that includes educational talks, first-hand stories from former inmates, planning for future action, and a bit of prayer (hey, it can't hurt). Tuesday, February 7th, 7:30 p.m. // Recovery House of Worship, 360 Schermerhorn Street, Brooklyn Drinking Liberally You can stay involved while intoxicated at Drinking Liberally at Fourth Ave Pub in Boerum Hill on Tuesday night, when the invited guests will be Indivisible Nation BK, a group committed to shedding light on the positions of Trump's appointees and recommending courses of action for protest and civic engagement. Bartenders will be pouring plenty of beer, and Indivisible's organizers will be coming with letters addressed to Senators Schumer and Gillibrand encouraging them to stand up to Trump's executive branch and congressional Republicans for you to sign. Tuesday, February 7th, 7-10 p.m. // Fourth Ave Pub, 76 4th Avenue, Brooklyn Students Resist: A Walkout For A Better Tomorrow As part of a nationwide school walkout planned in protest of Trump's Muslim travel ban, students in Manhattan will gather in Foley Square Tuesday afternoon in solidarity with those targeted by the administration. Given last weekend's Temporary Restraining Order agains the ban, the rally will be focused on permanently killing the ban and creating a society in which people of all ethnicities and creeds are safe. The rally is co-sponsored by the NY Immigration Coalition, Arab American Association of NY, and MPower Change. Tuesday, February 7th, 12-4 p.m. // Foley Square, Manhattan Demonstrators at a 'What the Fuck, Chuck?' rally encouraging Senator Schumer to stand up to Trump's cabinet appointees on January 31st, 2017 (Getty Images) Resist Trump Tuesdays at Schumer and Gillibrand Office Pay New York's Senators a visit and demand that they resist Trump's appointees, executive orders, and legislative plans this Tuesday. Two groups will stop by Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand's local offices in Midtown to specifically demand they decry the Muslim travel ban and block Neil Gorsuch, Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Tuesday, February 7th, 12 and 4:30 p.m. // 780 3rd Avenue (between 48th and 49th Streets) Resist Trump Tuesdays to Beat Back the Banks! Of all Trump's proposed policies, his commitment to loosening Wall Street regulations and repealing the Dodd-Frank Act is perhaps the most terrifying, given that unfettered capitalism has caused almost every American recession in the past 70 years. This Tuesday, the Working Families Party will host a gathering as a part of their #ResistTrumpTuesdays series centered around combatting the influence of big banks in government. With former Goldman Sachs president Gary Cohn writing executive orders and J.P. Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon advising economic policy, we need all the help we can get. Tuesday, February 7th, 6-8 p.m. // 28 Liberty Street (formerly One Chase Manhattan Plaza) The Trump Effect: Immigration, Apparel Manufacturing and the Environment A meet-and-greet with local activist groups will set the stage for a panel discussion on women's rights, immigration, the environment, and manufacturing at Pratt's Brooklyn Fashion + Design Accelerator offices. Speakers will focus on how the shifting political climate will have a direct impact on the apparel industry, and how designers, makers, and marketers can all do their part in the fight for justice. At the talk will be organizing veteran Deirdre Shannon, ITAC's executive director Kinda Younes, and more. Tuesday, February 7th, 6:30-8:30 p.m. // Brooklyn Accelerator, 630 Flushing Ave, 7th Floor Brooklyn // $10 State of Immigration, State of Emergency: What Changes Might Occur Under President Trump & How to Prepare Council Member Jumaane Williams and a trio of state legislators will host an immigration forum this week to parse out the specifics of Trump's proposed policy changes. Most important, though, will be talks on how to prepare for the coming xenophobic mess. Family Reunification, DACA/DAPA, Fee Changes, Temporary Protected Status, and Citizenship Family Based Petitions are all on the agenda. Wednesday, February 8th, 6-8:30 p.m. // Flatbush YMCA, 1401 Flatbush Avenue, Brookklyn NYC Birddogging Training With the Republicans holding onto the Senate by a slim margin and so many local offices and legislative bodies in play, New Yorkers are organizing a "birddogging" workshop on how to get active in campaigns, town hall meetings, and mobilize to get progressives elected at all levels of government. This week's rally is primarily centered around healthcare policy, but other issues will be on the table as well. Wednesday, February 8th, 7-8:30 p.m. // 208 West 13th Street, Manhattan PPA Special Wed Meeting: BlackLivesMatter in the era of Trump A multitude of activist groups including PPA, and NYC Shut It Down are coming together this week to talk about what's next for Black Lives Matter here in NYC. How will Trump's justice department handle police brutality and systemic racism? What sort of tangible goals will organizers be seeking in the coming year? What are the best ways to continue Swiping It Forward in 2017? These questions and more are all on the docket. Wednesday, February 8th, 7-9 p.m. // Solidarity Center NYC, 147 West 24th Street, Second Floor Tattoo to Protect Your Parts: A Planned Parenthood Affair If you've been holding off on getting a new tattoo, this is the week to do it. Renowned ink artist Todd Woodz and his team at Magic Cobra Tattoo Society are setting up shop at Magick City and will be doing a flash sale of $40 blank ink tattoos with all proceeds going to Planned Parenthood. Appointments begin at 2 p.m. and will be available until 7 p.m. sharp, so consider playing hooky from work for the chance to snag some meaningful ink from some of the city's best. There'll be live performances during the day, and it all spills over into St. Vitus's Party To Protect Your Parts: A PP Benefit (also a PP benefit!), just down the block. Wednesday, February 8th, 2-7 p.m. (St. Vitus Party 6:30 p.m. - 12 a.m.) // Magick City, 37 Box Street, Brooklyn // Saint Vitus Bar, 1120 Manhattan Avenue, Brooklyn // Tattoos $40, Concert Tickets $15 Give a Puck: Air Hockey Fundraiser for the ACLU Do you want to help support the ACLU while kicking your friends' asses in air hockey? Of course you do. Thursday, February 9th, 7-11 p.m. // Ocean's 8, 308 Flatbush Avenue, Brooklyn // Tickets $20-40 Momentive Strike Rally | Taking the Fight to Schwarzman Trump has done a tremendous job of surrounding himself with billionaires and giving them positions of power and influence, and while pretty much every last one of them should be taken down, this week activists are focusing on Wall Street's "designated villain" Stephen Schwarzman, who chairs Trump's "Strategic and Policy Forum" on jobs and economic growth. Strikers will gather outside Schwarzman's Park Avenue apartment this week to demand his race-to-the-bottom strategy is kept out of Washington. If you can't make it in person, be sure to sign a petition on behalf of Momentive, whose workers recently fell prey to Schwarzman's exploitative uber-capitalism. Thursday, February 9th, 5:30-7:30 p.m. // 740 Park Avenue, Manhattan Stand For Planned Parenthood This Saturday, multiple rallies set on defunding Planned Parenthood have been scheduled across the country. New Yorkers are battling back, of course, but not with a counter-rally outside of clinics—instead, a separate action meant to bolster Planned Parenthood's funding is being planned. Organizers have expressed concerns over crowding the entrance to clinics like Bleecker Street's Margaret Sanger Health Center, and have asked that reproductive rights supporters keep an eye on this page for more instructions. Saturday, February 11th // More info here The People or Trump: A Teach In The choice is easy! The People or Trump is a panel discussion exploring the polarization between what one side needs and what the other side wants. The event will feature a discussion between Distinguished Professor of History from Baruch College and the director of the Arms and Security Project from the Center for Immigration Policy, followed by lunch and a talk with activist Laurie Cagan. Come and build a movement in Brooklyn and protect the community. Saturday, February 11th, 10 a.m. - 3 p.m. // St. Joseph’s College New York, 245 Clinton Avenue, Brooklyn // FREE Freedom Socialist Party Open Meeting A general strike is planned for February 17, president’s day weekend. While all the mass mobilizations and gatherings have been a great start, come to this event to examine historical examples of how general strikes and organized labor have ignited social change. Saturday, February 11th, 1 - 3 p.m. // Freedom Hall, 113 West 128th Street // $10 donation // Brunch will be served at 12p.m. Anti-Trump Day of Action: Organize Every day in America seems to be ripe for an Anti-Trump day of action, but The Village Independent Democrats have dedicated one Saturday in particular to have people sign and write postcards to their elected officials, educate and gather for campaigning in 2017. Saturday, February 11th, 11 a.m. - 3 p.m. // Washington Square Park (by the Arch) // FREE Here to Stay - No Nos Vamos Join the fight against deportation, mass imprisonment, and broken windows policing at No Nos Vamos's Saturday rally in Washington Square Park. With Trump's criminalization of immigrants and the NYPD's targeting of marginalized groups threatening thousands across the city, the rally will assert the right to freedom and opportunity for all New Yorkers. #NoBanNoWall Saturday, February 11th, 2-5 p.m. // Washington Square Park Verso Books Presents the 3rd Annual Red Party Throw on some red clothes and come out to Verso Books to celebrate Red Day, an annual event designed to raise awareness about Women's heart disease. The Brooklyn bookstore is offering beer, (red?) wine and communist books to all attendees. A whopping 50% off for anyone wearing the color of the day. Saturday, February 11th, 8:30 p.m. - late // Verso Books, 20 Jay Street, Suite 1010 // FREE LGBTQ+ Make Out at Trump Tower Test Trump’s friendliness towards the LGBTQ+ community by gathering in front of Trump Tower for a very large make out session. Partners are not required and allies of the community are welcome as well. Kiss and tell him to stand up for fair treatment of all underprivileged groups. Sunday, February 12th, 1 - 4 p.m. // Trump Tower, 725 5th Avenue // FREE Solidarity Sunday: Crown Heights Responds to the Orange Guy Make some noise over America's swampy mess and stand up for justice, equity and peace by getting down with Solidarity Sundays, who bill themselves as an "inclusive, action-oriented, virtual + real life activist group." Their house parties feature a space where attendees can organize, educate and get empowered about issues ranging from hyper-local to national. Please bring your laptop, cell phone and chargers and get going! Sunday, February 12th, 2 - 5 p.m. // 780 Prospect Pl, Brooklyn // FREE Rally Against Hate Rally Against Hate is a group that teaches how the Torah and Koran can combat hate and bigotry in the world. The organization protests hate crimes against Jews and Muslims. Imam Shamsi Ali and Rabbi Shlomo Nisano will be discussing this topic and more while Rabbi Lauren Herrmann will be moderating. Register online. Sunday, February 12th, 2 - 4 p.m. // SAJ 15 West 86th Street // FREE Jewish Community Action for Refugees The Hebrew Immigrant and Aid Society, a refugee agency of the Jewish Community is rallying at Battery Park in a show of solidarity for refugees and immigrants. Come stand across from the Statue of Liberty to demonstrate that recent actions are a betrayal of American and Jewish values. Sister events will be occurring around the country as well. Sunday, February 12th, 11 a.m. - 1 p.m. // Battery Park // FREE United Through Action February Meeting Resisting Trump's present policies and planning ahead for the all-important 2018 midterms will happen at the United Through action February meeting at the NYC Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender Community Center. Speakers will include the co-founders of Flippable, an app that gathers data on the legislative seats with the greatest chance of changing hands back to Democratic control. Breakout meetings will follow, with focuses on planning, outreach, and direct actions. Sunday, February 5th, 5-8 p.m. // The Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender Community Center, 208 West 13th Street, Manhattan // RSVP here Solidarity Sundays - Williamsburg With chapters running in Brooklyn and Manhattan and hopes of expanding into all five boroughs soon, Solidarity Sundays is a group that plans house party-style gatherings for anyone and everyone who gives a damn about gender equality. This coming weekend there'll be meetups in Greenpoint and Crown Heights, and you can email for more info on Upper West Side and Harlem parties as well. The gatherings will focus on how to empower fellow feminists and progressives, from phoning lawmakers to writing letters, as well as the all-important act of simply sharing ideas! Sunday, February 12th, 4-8 p.m. // Williamsburg location and additional links here Contact the author of this article or email tips@gothamist.com with further questions, comments or tips. twitter facebook reddit print donald trump organize political action president trump trump Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Gothamist Films best of gothamist The Best Valentine's Day Dinner Dates In NYC NYC's Best Romantic Restaurants The 10 Best Mac & Cheeses In NYC The Best Places To Chill The F*ck Out In NYC The 9 Best Bubble Tea Spots In NYC   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News A Foolish Take: The World’s Most Valuable Bank Brand … Is Now In China Data source: BrandFinance. Chart by author. At different times throughout history, public sentiment has turned against America’s biggest banks. Big banks are dangerous and must be broken up, many people believe. At the very least, they shouldn’t be allowed to get any larger. But the problem with this argument is that by throttling the growth of American banks, the summit of global finance is ceded to institutions in other countries. In fact, the biggest bank in China, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, or ICBC, is already roughly a third larger than the biggest bank in the United States, JPMorgan Chase, when measured by the size of their balance sheets. And it’s not just rote size where U.S. banks have begun to lag behind their counterparts in the East Asian country. The same is true when it comes to brand value. ICBC is now the world’s most valuable bank brand, says BrandFinance. Problems at Wells Fargo over the past year — it was caught opening as many as two million fake accounts for customers — caused the California-based bank to fall from the top spot last year. When the White House talks about the importance of enabling American financial companies to compete more effectively with firms abroad, as the President did in a recent executive order targeting the Dodd-Frank Act, these trends are probably what he and his team have in mind. Offer from the Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! * Stock Advisor returns as of 1/30/2017 Offer from the Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! * Stock Advisor returns as of 1/30/2017 John Maxfield owns shares of Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, Markets, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AACSB International reconoce a 35 facultades como grandes impulsoras de la innovación en formación de negocios en todo el mundo Next PostNext Cow Milk Infant Formula Market Size and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers according to its Application and Types Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Wall Street has a powerful seat at Trump’s table Wall Street has a powerful seat at Trump’s table Posted on Monday, February 6, 2017 by CNN in Business News Wall Street probably wasn’t expecting to find a friend in President Trump, the populist candidate who vowed the industry would no longer “get away with murder.” On the campaign trail, Trump slammed Wall Street for causing “tremendous problems” and promised to “drain the swamp” in part by breaking up the biggest banks. Trump knocked Hillary Clinton’s paid speeches to Wall Street and villainized Goldman Sachs in his closing campaign ad. Yet Wall Street is enjoying an incredible reversal of fortunes in Washington now that Trump has replaced former President Obama, who famously called bank CEOs “fat cats.” Consider the optics of Trump’s executive order last Friday that kicked off the process of rolling back the Dodd-Frank financial reform law. Seated next to the president was Wall Street mega billionaire Stephen Schwarzman, the man who had cobbled together the “world-class group” of CEOs that were at the meeting. Also at the table was Wall Street’s best-known CEO: Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump pointed out. Trump also lavished praised on Larry Fink, the BlackRock boss, for making him richer. “Larry did a great job for me. He managed a lot of my money. I have to tell you, he got me great returns,” Trump said. And the face of the Trump administration’s financial deregulation: Gary Cohn, who was Goldman Sachs’ No. 2 executive until December. Cohn was named Trump’s top economic adviser and walked away from Goldman with a $285 million haul that is raising conflict of interest concerns. On Friday, Cohn appeared on TV channels and granted interviews to explain the planned changes, telling Bloomberg, “We’re going to attack all aspects of Dodd-Frank.” Cohn also stood behind Trump in the Oval Office, looming over the president as he signed the executive order. Trump’s critics pounced, claiming the new president is essentially letting the fox guard the henhouse. “This guy is a fraud,” Senator Bernie Sanders told CNN’s Jake Tapper on “State of the Union” on Sunday, pointing to Trump’s campaign promises to take on Wall Street. “It is hard not to laugh to see President Trump alongside these Wall Street guys…I think he is going to sell out the middle class, the working class, of this country,” Sanders said. Trump defended his willingness to lean on Wall Street CEOs for advice, explaining he’s focused on creating jobs. “When I campaigned for office I promised the American people that I’d ask for our country’s best and brightest,” Trump said on Friday. This newfound friendship between Wall Street and Washington is an about-face from life under Obama. Bank CEOs never forgave Obama for calling them “fat cats” in the opening weeks of his administration amid a public uproar over golden parachutes for execs who contributed to the financial crisis. Now big bank stocks are enjoying a big post-election surge, which continued last week as Trump promised to “do a big number” on the shackles placed on Wall Street following the 2008 meltdown that wrecked the economy. Goldman Sachs stock alone surged nearly 5% on Friday, up an incredible 33% since Trump’s victory. Goldman, like other big banks, is benefiting from Trump’s bashing of the laws put in place to prevent another Wall Street meltdown. Bank stocks are climbing on hopes that Trump will usher in faster growth in part by slashing taxes. It can’t hurt that Trump has hired numerous ex-Goldman Sachs guys to help him run the country. Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin was a Goldman Sachs partner, Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon also worked there, and Trump picked Jay Clayton, a former lawyer who represented Goldman Sachs and other big banks, to lead the SEC. GM's Bolt EV ready to take on Tesla A story Trump might call "fake news" -- if it weren't his Facebook page sharing it Related Posts Forget unlimited time off. Vacation is mandatory at these companies ‘Harry Potter’ films back in theaters Is Greece running out of money? No more free checked bags on Jetblue Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
GoSearch Replay: Friday Night Football WGNO TV Schedule Search Contact Us WGNO Menu News Morning Twist Music Sports Viewer Pics Events NOLA Marketplace About Weather 67° 67° Low 65° High 78° Sun 61° 77° Mon 59° 69° Tue 57° 73° See complete forecast Wall Street has a powerful seat at Trump’s table Posted 2:23 PM, February 6, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Print all Street probably wasn't expecting to find a friend in President Trump, the populist candidate who vowed the industry would no longer "get away with murder." × Wall Street has a powerful seat at Trump’s table all Street probably wasn't expecting to find a friend in President Trump, the populist candidate who vowed the industry would no longer "get away with murder." NEW YORK (CNNMoney) – Wall Street probably wasn’t expecting to find a friend in President Trump, the populist candidate who vowed the industry would no longer “get away with murder.” On the campaign trail, Trump slammed Wall Street for causing “tremendous problems” and promised to “drain the swamp” in part by breaking up the biggest banks. Trump knocked Hillary Clinton’s paid speeches to Wall Street and villainized Goldman Sachs in his closing campaign ad. Yet Wall Street is enjoying an incredible reversal of fortunes in Washington now that Trump has replaced former President Obama, who famously called bank CEOs “fat cats.” Consider the optics of Trump’s executive order last Friday that kicked off the process of rolling back the Dodd-Frank financial reform law. Seated next to the president was Wall Street mega billionaire Stephen Schwarzman, the man who had cobbled together the “world-class group” of CEOs that were at the meeting. Also at the table was Wall Street’s best-known CEO: Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump pointed out. Trump also lavished praised on Larry Fink, the BlackRock boss, for making him richer. “Larry did a great job for me. He managed a lot of my money. I have to tell you, he got me great returns,” Trump said. And the face of the Trump administration’s financial deregulation: Gary Cohn, who was Goldman Sachs’ No. 2 executive until December. Cohn was named Trump’s top economic adviser and walked away from Goldman with a $285 million haul that is raising conflict of interest concerns. On Friday, Cohn appeared on TV channels and granted interviews to explain the planned changes, telling Bloomberg, “We’re going to attack all aspects of Dodd-Frank.” Cohn also stood behind Trump in the Oval Office, looming over the president as he signed the executive order. Trump’s critics pounced, claiming the new president is essentially letting the fox guard the henhouse. “This guy is a fraud,” Senator Bernie Sanders told CNN’s Jake Tapper on “State of the Union” on Sunday, pointing to Trump’s campaign promises to take on Wall Street. “It is hard not to laugh to see President Trump alongside these Wall Street guys…I think he is going to sell out the middle class, the working class, of this country,” Sanders said. Trump defended his willingness to lean on Wall Street CEOs for advice, explaining he’s focused on creating jobs. “When I campaigned for office I promised the American people that I’d ask for our country’s best and brightest,” Trump said on Friday. This newfound friendship between Wall Street and Washington is an about-face from life under Obama. Bank CEOs never forgave Obama for calling them “fat cats” in the opening weeks of his administration amid a public uproar over golden parachutes for execs who contributed to the financial crisis. Now big bank stocks are enjoying a big post-election surge, which continued last week as Trump promised to “do a big number” on the shackles placed on Wall Street following the 2008 meltdown that wrecked the economy. Goldman Sachs stock alone surged nearly 5% on Friday, up an incredible 33% since Trump’s victory. Goldman, like other big banks, is benefiting from Trump’s bashing of the laws put in place to prevent another Wall Street meltdown. Bank stocks are climbing on hopes that Trump will usher in faster growth in part by slashing taxes. It can’t hurt that Trump has hired numerous ex-Goldman Sachs guys to help him run the country. Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin was a Goldman Sachs partner, Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon also worked there, and Trump picked Jay Clayton, a former lawyer who represented Goldman Sachs and other big banks, to lead the SEC. 40.712784 -74.005941 Related stories Nikki Haley takes tough stance on Russia at U.N. debut DOW 20,000 marks an incredible run for the markets 54% of Americans aren’t benefiting from Dow 20,000 Filed in: Business, National/World News, News, Politics Topics: Cronyism, Dodd Frank, Donald Trump, Financial Collapse, Friends, Influence, Regulations, Swamp Cabinet, table, Wall Street Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Print Your Favorite Patio The weather will be beautiful soon, and you may want to enjoy dinner and drinks outside. Popular JPSO looking for missing 16-year-old UPDATE: No injuries reported at Valero refinery fire in Meraux VIDEO: Huge tornado hits New Orleans East, dozens injured PHOTOS: Severe weather, tornadoes rip through North Shore, New Orleans East Latest News Offbeat Valentine’s Day: Fall in love with nature in Mississippi Customer shoots, kills attempted armed robber at Lower Garden District business NASA update: Mars projects at Michoud Facility appear undamaged by tornado Military to conduct urban training in New Orleans at night Business National/World News News Boom: Dow hits 20,000 for first time ever Business National/World News News Politics 54% of Americans aren’t benefiting from Dow 20,000 Local National/World News Politics Report: Trump considers Bobby Jindal for Cabinet position Business National/World News News Politics Uncertainty over Trump pushes tech stocks into the red Business DOW 20,000 marks an incredible run for the markets News Politics Mexico stunned by election of Donald Trump National/World News News Politics Protest movements surge ahead of Trump’s Inauguration National/World News News Politics Mexican president cancels meeting with Trump National/World News News Politics The hiccups and potential catastrophes of Donald Trump’s Inauguration National/World News News Trump’s cabinet picks: Who are they? Good Morning New Orleans National/World News News News with a Twist Trump will ask Congress, not Mexico, to pay for wall: CNN sources National/World News Trump’s historic moment arrives Business National/World News News Politics Mexico’s foreign minister: Paying for border wall ‘totally unacceptable’ Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1 Galleria Blvd., Suite 850 Metairie, LA 70001 • Copyright © 2017, WGNO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Evolent Health Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Evolent Health Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Evolent Health, Inc (EVH) Receives “Buy” Rating from Canaccord Genuity February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Canaccord Genuity reissued their buy rating on shares of Evolent Health, Inc (NYSE:EVH) in a research note published on Friday. They currently have a $31.00 target price on the stock. A number of other research firms also recently commented on EVH. Wells Fargo & Company raised shares of Evolent Health from a market perform rating to an outperform rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Evolent Health from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Monday, November 14th. TheStreet cut shares of Evolent Health from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. J P Morgan Chase & Co initiated coverage on shares of Evolent Health in a report on Friday, October 28th. They issued an overweight rating and a $30.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald initiated coverage on shares of Evolent Health in a report on Thursday, January 5th. They issued an overweight rating and a $26.00 price target on the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $26.71. Evolent Health (NYSE:EVH) traded down 0.27% on Friday, hitting $18.20. 159,947 shares of the stock traded hands. Evolent Health has a 12 month low of $8.14 and a 12 month high of $26.84. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $17.04 and a 200-day moving average price of $21.01. The company’s market capitalization is $1.24 billion. Evolent Health (NYSE:EVH) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported ($0.11) EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.13) by $0.02. The business had revenue of $60.20 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $58.35 million. Evolent Health had a negative net margin of 69.04% and a negative return on equity of 5.54%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 39.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted ($0.16) EPS. Analysts forecast that Evolent Health will post ($0.59) earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/evolent-health-inc-evh-receives-buy-rating-from-canaccord-genuity.html. In related news, Director Michael D’amato bought 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 14th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $17.18 per share, for a total transaction of $171,800.00. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 18,183 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $312,383.94. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, President Seth Blackley sold 15,000 shares of Evolent Health stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.58, for a total transaction of $263,700.00. Following the completion of the sale, the president now owns 824,848 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,500,827.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 8.85% of the stock is owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in EVH. California State Teachers Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of Evolent Health by 0.9% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 32,215 shares of the company’s stock valued at $793,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Evolent Health by 1.2% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 42,784 shares of the company’s stock valued at $822,000 after buying an additional 504 shares during the last quarter. Rhumbline Advisers boosted its stake in shares of Evolent Health by 4.0% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 16,657 shares of the company’s stock valued at $410,000 after buying an additional 640 shares during the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Evolent Health by 8.5% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 10,109 shares of the company’s stock valued at $194,000 after buying an additional 789 shares during the last quarter. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Evolent Health by 5.6% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 15,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $369,000 after buying an additional 800 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 51.99% of the company’s stock. Evolent Health Company Profile Evolent Health, Inc supports integrated health systems in their migration towards value-based care and population health management. The Company’s services include providing customers with a population management platform, integrated data and analytics capabilities, pharmacy benefit management services and health plan administration services. Receive News & Ratings for Evolent Health Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Evolent Health Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: A Foolish Take: The World’s Most Valuable Bank Brand … Is Now In China The drop in Wells Fargo’s estimated brand value paved the way for a Chinese bank to be crowned the world’s most valuable bank brand. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Feb 6, 2017 at 1:41PM Data source: BrandFinance. Chart by author. At different times throughout history, public sentiment has turned against America's biggest banks. Big banks are dangerous and must be broken up, many people believe. At the very least, they shouldn't be allowed to get any larger. But the problem with this argument is that by throttling the growth of American banks, the summit of global finance is ceded to institutions in other countries. In fact, the biggest bank in China, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, or ICBC, is already roughly a third larger than the biggest bank in the United States, JPMorgan Chase, when measured by the size of their balance sheets. And it's not just rote size where U.S. banks have begun to lag behind their counterparts in the East Asian country. The same is true when it comes to brand value. ICBC is now the world's most valuable bank brand, says BrandFinance. Problems at Wells Fargo over the past year -- it was caught opening as many as two million fake accounts for customers -- caused the California-based bank to fall from the top spot last year. When the White House talks about the importance of enabling American financial companies to compete more effectively with firms abroad, as the President did in a recent executive order targeting the Dodd-Frank Act, these trends are probably what he and his team have in mind. Offer from the Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of 1/30/2017 John Maxfield owns shares of Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Feb 6, 2017 at 1:41PM Financials Stocks Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $56.86 up $0.13 (0.23%) Read More The Fallen Angel of the Bank Industry Wells Fargo Reports a Rare Disappointing Quarter 10 Biggest Banks in America Biggest Bank Stocks Ranked by Capital How Did Wells Fargo's Stock Perform in 2016? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current A Foolish Take: The World’s Most Valuable Bank Brand … Is Now In China @themotleyfool #stocks $WFC
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Finance Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Jamie Dimon's holdings have surged by $229 million since his 2016 'bottom' buy Jeff Cox | Dominic Chu Monday, 6 Feb 2017 | 12:47 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Dimon bottom: One year later    Monday, 6 Feb 2017 | 8:19 AM ET | 01:56 As the markets were in turmoil and the world worried about a global recession in February 2016, Jamie Dimon was calling for calm. The JPMorgan Chase CEO stood amid the tumult and said the market was cheap. He backed up his belief by purchasing 500,000 shares of his company's stock, which was tanking at the time. He never actually called a market trough, but many in the market since then have referred to it as the "Dimon bottom." Much has been made of the move and deservedly so considering the profit Dimon made on that purchase — what appears now to be a $17 million gain on a $26.6 million investment, just based on the shares purchased that day. That's based on where JPMorgan stock was compared with where it is now. And that doesn't even account for the total profit he made on his holdings. The Feb. 11, 2016, purchase came at an average price of $53.18. The stock closed Friday at $87.18, equaling a $34 per share gain, or 64 percent. David A. Grogan | CNBC Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co. at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Bank shares actually saw mediocre performance through much of the year, but a late-year rally fueled by Donald Trump's upset victory in the presidential race sent financial stocks soaring. JPMorgan shares are up 24 percent since Election Day. The purchase brought Dimon's total holdings in his bank to about 6.75 million shares, which would have been worth $359 million at the time. Given the $34 per share rise in JPMorgan's stock price, those holdings are now worth closer to $588.5 million. That would be a gain of over $229 million. To be sure, it was a bold move that could have gone otherwise. At the time, there were fears of a global recession brought on by a slowdown in China. Investors worried that Deutsche Bank was in major trouble, the Federal Reserve appeared determined to raise interest rates even amid the difficulties and political uncertainty was running high. Warren Buffett is fond of saying that he is fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful. For Dimon, it's a lesson that paid off handsomely. Correction: The version has been updated to reflect that Jamie Dimon's holdings have surged by $229 million since his 2016 "bottom" buy. show chapters JPMorgan's Dimon meets with Trump economic advisor    Friday, 27 Jan 2017 | 3:47 PM ET | 01:55 Jeff CoxFinance Editor Dominic ChuCNBC Markets Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments400+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Plum Lineopinion Donald Trump, a ‘populist’? What a joke. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Paul Waldman By Paul Waldman February 6 Follow @paulwaldman1 During a meeting with business executives, President Trump said he expects to "be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank," on Feb. 3 at the White House. (The Washington Post) Alongside the idea that America was a fetid pit of misery and despair from which only he could deliver us, the most consistent theme of Donald Trump’s presidential campaign was that the “elites” had ignored the interests of ordinary people for too long. If you put your faith in him, Trump argued, he would give you your country back and make it great again. Some of us were more than a bit skeptical of this claim, arguing that Trump’s “populism” was more stylistic than substantive, and if elected he’d pursue the interests of the wealthy with as much zeal as any Republican. Well now he’s president, and we’re finding out just how far Donald Trump and those he has chosen to work for him will go to screw over consumers. Just in these first couple of weeks, he’s already undertaken a remarkable number of anti-consumer initiatives. Let’s run down some of them: On Friday, Trump signed an executive order to begin exploring ways to ease regulations on Wall Street banks. “We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank,” the law passed to prevent a repeat of the 2009 financial meltdown, he explained, “Because frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine, that had nice businesses, they just can’t borrow money.” Whatever the alleged fortunes of Donald Trump’s friends, all evidence suggests that credit is widely available for businesses and individuals. But he made clear who he’s listening to: “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie, so you’re going to tell me about it,” he said of JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon. As part of the Wall Street deregulation effort, Trump will likely target the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an idea originated by Elizabeth Warren before she became a senator. In the five and a half years of its existence, the CFPB has returned billions of dollars to consumers wronged by banks, credit card companies, payday lenders, and debt collectors. They also unraveled the Wells Fargo scandal, in which the bank created accounts in the names of thousands of customers without their knowledge. So as far as Trump and congressional Republicans are concerned, the CFPB has got to go. On Friday Trump signed another executive order instructing the Department of Labor to prepare the ground to rescind the “fiduciary rule,” a regulation the Obama administration wrote last year. It requires financial advisers to act in their client’s best interests, just like doctors or lawyers are required to. The need for it came about because often those advisers push their clients to buy products that are bad for them but that bring the advisers higher commissions. You’d think that a rule saying you have to serve your client would be uncontroversial, but no. The administration is preparing to kill an Obama-era Labor Department rule that would have meant overtime pay for millions of American workers. Trump’s new head of the Federal Communications Commission, Ajit Pai, has been on a tear. As the New York Times described it, “Mr. Pai took a first swipe at net neutrality rules designed to ensure equal access to content on the internet. He stopped nine companies from providing discounted high-speed internet service to low-income individuals. He withdrew an effort to keep prison phone rates down, and he scrapped a proposal to break open the cable box market.” Trump has not yet chosen the new head of the Food and Drug Administration, but all the candidates are interested in reducing the regulations that protect consumers. The leading contender believes that drugs should be allowed on the market before they’ve been shown to actually do what they claim. This is just one corner of the actions the Trump administration is taking on a range of issues, but the unifying principle of these moves is that corporations should be free to do what they want, even if it hurts consumers, workers, or ordinary citizens. Indeed, the expansion of corporate power and privileges already looks like it will be one of the hallmarks of this administration. Which would make it no different from any other Republican administration. But that’s precisely my point: for all Trump’s rhetoric about taking on the “elite,” when it comes to making policy he’s just as interested in enhancing corporate power at the expense of citizens as is Paul Ryan or Mitch McConnell. “But what about trade?” you might say. “Isn’t he a populist there?” We don’t yet know, because Trump is so vague on what he would actually do about trade. All he says is that past trade agreements were terrible deals, and he’ll make them better. How? Who knows. As this blog has pointed out before, the mere fact that Trump says he’ll revamp our trade deals doesn’t mean he’d do so in a way that favors the interests of workers. The only concrete thing the administration has suggested on trade was a 20 percent tariff on goods coming in from Mexico in order to pay for a border wall, a tariff that would of course be paid by American consumers. While you would have known all this if you had paid close attention during the campaign, millions of people convinced themselves that Trump would be looking out for the little guy once he got to office. You may remember the closing ad of the Trump campaign, in which he decried “a global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class, stripped our country of its wealth, and put that money into the pockets of a handful of large corporations and political entities.” Two weeks into the Trump administration, it seems like it was almost a joke. And just wait until Republicans start cutting taxes for the wealthy.   opinions plum-line Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 400+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Paul Waldman is a contributor to The Plum Line blog, and a senior writer at The American Prospect. Follow @paulwaldman1 490 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Opinion A blueprint for resistance to Trump has emerged. Here’s what it looks like. 2 Millions have protested Trump. Here’s what they plan to do next. 3 Opinion Six stunning aspects of the Flynn scandal 4 Opinion Elizabeth Warren is a grandstanding phony 5 Opinion Here’s how you can deal with Trump — besides drinking Everclear Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions plum-line Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Visa crackdown puts these rural doctors at risk World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Tough federal bank regulator calls it quits Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Young British men are earning less than previous generation Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz 'We are entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, artists' Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury GM's Bolt EV ready to take on Tesla Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Trumponomics Wall Street has a powerful seat at Trump's table by Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 February 6, 2017: 3:12 PM ET Trump signs plan to roll back financial regulations Wall Street probably wasn't expecting to find a friend in President Trump, the populist candidate who vowed the industry would no longer "get away with murder." On the campaign trail, Trump slammed Wall Street for causing "tremendous problems" and promised to "drain the swamp" in part by breaking up the biggest banks. Trump knocked Hillary Clinton's paid speeches to Wall Street and villainized Goldman Sachs in his closing campaign ad. Yet Wall Street is enjoying an incredible reversal of fortunes in Washington now that Trump has replaced former President Obama, who famously called bank CEOs "fat cats." Consider the optics of Trump's executive order last Friday that kicked off the process of rolling back the Dodd-Frank financial reform law. Seated next to the president was Wall Street mega billionaire Stephen Schwarzman, the man who had cobbled together the "world-class group" of CEOs that were at the meeting. Also at the table was Wall Street's best-known CEO: Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase (JPM). "There's nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie," Trump pointed out. JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon (left) is greeted by President Trump during a meeting of CEOs advising the White House on economic policy. Related: Trump begins dismantling Obama financial regulations Trump also lavished praised on Larry Fink, the BlackRock (BLK) boss, for making him richer. "Larry did a great job for me. He managed a lot of my money. I have to tell you, he got me great returns," Trump said. And the face of the Trump administration's financial deregulation: Gary Cohn, who was Goldman Sachs (GS)' No. 2 executive until December. Cohn was named Trump's top economic adviser and walked away from Goldman with a $285 million haul that is raising conflict of interest concerns. On Friday, Cohn appeared on TV channels and granted interviews to explain the planned changes, telling Bloomberg, "We're going to attack all aspects of Dodd-Frank." Cohn also stood behind Trump in the Oval Office, looming over the president as he signed the executive order. Trump's critics pounced, claiming the new president is essentially letting the fox guard the henhouse. "This guy is a fraud," Senator Bernie Sanders told CNN's Jake Tapper on "State of the Union" on Sunday, pointing to Trump's campaign promises to take on Wall Street. "It is hard not to laugh to see President Trump alongside these Wall Street guys...I think he is going to sell out the middle class, the working class, of this country," Sanders said. Trump defended his willingness to lean on Wall Street CEOs for advice, explaining he's focused on creating jobs. "When I campaigned for office I promised the American people that I'd ask for our country's best and brightest," Trump said on Friday. Gary Cohn, former president of Goldman Sachs, watches as President Trump signs an executive order that begins the process of rolling back bank regulation. Related: Elizabeth Warren to Cohn: Recuse yourself This newfound friendship between Wall Street and Washington is an about-face from life under Obama. Bank CEOs never forgave Obama for calling them "fat cats" in the opening weeks of his administration amid a public uproar over golden parachutes for execs who contributed to the financial crisis. Now big bank stocks are enjoying a big post-election surge, which continued last week as Trump promised to "do a big number" on the shackles placed on Wall Street following the 2008 meltdown that wrecked the economy. Goldman Sachs stock alone surged nearly 5% on Friday, up an incredible 33% since Trump's victory. Goldman, like other big banks, is benefiting from Trump's bashing of the laws put in place to prevent another Wall Street meltdown. Bank stocks are climbing on hopes that Trump will usher in faster growth in part by slashing taxes. It can't hurt that Trump has hired numerous ex-Goldman Sachs guys to help him run the country. Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin was a Goldman Sachs partner, Trump's chief strategist Steve Bannon also worked there, and Trump picked Jay Clayton, a former lawyer who represented Goldman Sachs and other big banks, to lead the SEC. CNNMoney (New York) First published February 6, 2017: 12:13 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending San Francisco is taxing the rich to pay for free community college Nordstrom stock defies Trump Trump faces delicate balancing act between U.S. and foreign airlines Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to a 21-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
TD Ameritrade Investor Movement Index: D.C. & the Dow Drove Activity in January Retail investors were net buyers amid inauguration & index highs TD Ameritrade's January IMX (Graphic: TD Ameritrade). Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? TD Ameritrade's January IMX (Graphic: TD Ameritrade). Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail TD Ameritrade's IMX vs. S&P 500 (Graphic: TD Ameritrade). Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail February 06, 2017 12:30 PM Eastern Standard Time OMAHA, Neb.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--TD Ameritrade, Inc. (“TD Ameritrade”), a broker-dealer subsidiary of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (Nasdaq: AMTD), is today releasing the Investor Movement Index® reading for January 2017. The Investor Movement Index, or the IMXSM, is a proprietary, behavior-based index created by TD Ameritrade that aggregates Main Street investor positions and activity to measure what investors are actually doing and how they are positioned in the markets. The January 2017 Investor Movement Index for the four weeks ending January 27, 2017, reveals: Reading: 5.71 (compared to 5.48 in December) Trend direction: Positive Trend length: 1 month Score relative to historic ranges: High The IMX increased 4.20 percent as the major indices marched to new all-time highs and the Dow Jones Industrial Average finally closed above its much-anticipated 20,000 milestone. TD Ameritrade clients were net buyers of equities and increased their equity exposure throughout the month. “As markets pressed to new record levels in January, retail investors continued to look for opportunities to rotate into,” said Nicole Sherrod, Managing Director of the Trader Group. “They took profits on some stocks, but overall they increased their exposure to the markets. And looking ahead, there are still plenty of big names left to report this earnings season and retail investors are watching closely.” TD Ameritrade clients were net buyers of banks in the January IMX period. JP Morgan Chase & Company (JPM) and Bank of America Corp. (BAC) were both net buys as they recently beat earnings and benefitted from rising interest rates. Nvidia Corp. (NVDA) was a net buy for the second month in a row as shares appeared to stabilize following a volatile December. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (TEVA) and Dry Ships Inc. (DRYS) were also net buys, both of which have seen recent volatility. Net buying continued in Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) as well. Additional popular names bought included Chesapeake Energy Corp. (CHK) and Macy’s, Inc. (M). Apple Inc. (AAPL) was once again net sold during the January IMX period as the stock reached a new 52-week high. Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) and Alcoa Corp. (AA) were also net sold as their share prices posted significant increases during the period. Walt Disney Co. (DIS) and Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) were net sold as each reached new year-to-date highs in January. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (BABA) were both net sold following share price increases after volatility over the past few months. Additional popular names sold include Kinder Morgan Inc. (KMI), Arconic Inc. (ARNC) and ConocoPhillips Corp. (COP). About the IMX The IMX value is calculated based on a complex proprietary formula. Each month, TD Ameritrade pulls a sample from its client base of 6 million funded accounts, which includes all accounts that completed a trade in the past month. The holdings and positions of this statistically significant sample are evaluated to calculate individual scores, and the median of those scores represents the monthly IMX. For more information on the Investor Movement Index, including historical IMX data going back to December 2010; to view the full report from January 2017; or to sign up for future IMX news alerts, please visit www.tdameritrade.com/IMX. Additionally, TD Ameritrade clients can chart the IMX using the symbol $IMX in either the thinkorswim® or TD Ameritrade Mobile Trader platforms. Inclusion of specific security names in this commentary does not constitute a recommendation from TD Ameritrade to buy, sell, or hold. Past performance of a security, strategy, or index is no guarantee of future results or investment success. Historical data should not be used alone when making investment decisions. Please consult other sources of information and consider your individual financial position and goals before making an independent investment decision. The IMX is not a tradable index. The IMX should not be used as an indicator or predictor of future client trading volume or financial performance for TD Ameritrade. For the latest TD Ameritrade news and information, follow the company on Twitter, @TDAmeritradePR. Source: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation About TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Millions of investors and independent registered investment advisors (RIAs) have turned to TD Ameritrade’s (Nasdaq: AMTD) technology, people and education to help make investing and trading easier to understand and do. Online or over the phone. In a branch or with an independent RIA. First-timer or sophisticated trader. Our clients want to take control, and we help them decide how – bringing Wall Street to Main Street for more than 40 years. TD Ameritrade has time and again been recognized as a leader in investment services. Please visit TD Ameritrade's newsroom or www.amtd.com for more information, or read our stories at Fresh Accounts. Brokerage services provided by TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA (www.FINRA.org)/SIPC (www.SIPC.org). Contacts TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation For Media: Kim Hillyer, 402-574-6523 Communications & Public Affairs kim.hillyer@tdameritrade.com @TDAmeritradePR or For Investors: Jeff Goeser, 402-597-8464 Investor Relations & Finance jeffrey.goeser@tdameritrade.com Contacts TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation For Media: Kim Hillyer, 402-574-6523 Communications & Public Affairs kim.hillyer@tdameritrade.com @TDAmeritradePR or For Investors: Jeff Goeser, 402-597-8464 Investor Relations & Finance jeffrey.goeser@tdameritrade.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News TD Ameritrade Investor Movement Index: D.C. & the Dow Drove Activity in January OMAHA, Neb.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–TD Ameritrade, Inc. (“TD Ameritrade”), a broker-dealer subsidiary of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (Nasdaq: AMTD), is today releasing the Investor Movement Index® reading for January 2017. The Investor Movement Index, or the IMXSM, is a proprietary, behavior-based index created by TD Ameritrade that aggregates Main Street investor positions and activity to measure what investors are actually doing and how they are positioned in the markets. The January 2017 Investor Movement Index for the four weeks ending January 27, 2017, reveals: Reading: 5.71 (compared to 5.48 in December) Trend direction: Positive Trend length: 1 month Score relative to historic ranges: High The IMX increased 4.20 percent as the major indices marched to new all-time highs and the Dow Jones Industrial Average finally closed above its much-anticipated 20,000 milestone. TD Ameritrade clients were net buyers of equities and increased their equity exposure throughout the month. “As markets pressed to new record levels in January, retail investors continued to look for opportunities to rotate into,” said Nicole Sherrod, Managing Director of the Trader Group. “They took profits on some stocks, but overall they increased their exposure to the markets. And looking ahead, there are still plenty of big names left to report this earnings season and retail investors are watching closely.” TD Ameritrade clients were net buyers of banks in the January IMX period. JP Morgan Chase & Company (JPM) and Bank of America Corp. (BAC) were both net buys as they recently beat earnings and benefitted from rising interest rates. Nvidia Corp. (NVDA) was a net buy for the second month in a row as shares appeared to stabilize following a volatile December. Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (TEVA) and Dry Ships Inc. (DRYS) were also net buys, both of which have seen recent volatility. Net buying continued in Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) as well. Additional popular names bought included Chesapeake Energy Corp. (CHK) and Macy’s, Inc. (M). Apple Inc. (AAPL) was once again net sold during the January IMX period as the stock reached a new 52-week high. Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) and Alcoa Corp. (AA) were also net sold as their share prices posted significant increases during the period. Walt Disney Co. (DIS) and Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) were net sold as each reached new year-to-date highs in January. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. (BABA) were both net sold following share price increases after volatility over the past few months. Additional popular names sold include Kinder Morgan Inc. (KMI), Arconic Inc. (ARNC) and ConocoPhillips Corp. (COP). About the IMX The IMX value is calculated based on a complex proprietary formula. Each month, TD Ameritrade pulls a sample from its client base of 6 million funded accounts, which includes all accounts that completed a trade in the past month. The holdings and positions of this statistically significant sample are evaluated to calculate individual scores, and the median of those scores represents the monthly IMX. For more information on the Investor Movement Index, including historical IMX data going back to December 2010; to view the full report from January 2017; or to sign up for future IMX news alerts, please visit www.tdameritrade.com/IMX. Additionally, TD Ameritrade clients can chart the IMX using the symbol $IMX in either the thinkorswim® or TD Ameritrade Mobile Trader platforms. Inclusion of specific security names in this commentary does not constitute a recommendation from TD Ameritrade to buy, sell, or hold. Past performance of a security, strategy, or index is no guarantee of future results or investment success. Historical data should not be used alone when making investment decisions. Please consult other sources of information and consider your individual financial position and goals before making an independent investment decision. The IMX is not a tradable index. The IMX should not be used as an indicator or predictor of future client trading volume or financial performance for TD Ameritrade. For the latest TD Ameritrade news and information, follow the company on Twitter, @TDAmeritradePR. Source: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation About TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Millions of investors and independent registered investment advisors (RIAs) have turned to TD Ameritrade’s (Nasdaq: AMTD) technology, people and education to help make investing and trading easier to understand and do. Online or over the phone. In a branch or with an independent RIA. First-timer or sophisticated trader. Our clients want to take control, and we help them decide how – bringing Wall Street to Main Street for more than 40 years. TD Ameritrade has time and again been recognized as a leader in investment services. Please visit TD Ameritrade’s newsroom or www.amtd.com for more information, or read our stories at Fresh Accounts. Brokerage services provided by TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA (www.FINRA.org)/SIPC (www.SIPC.org). CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Companies, company, Education, Industry, major, Markets, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TruckTiresInc.com Deliver Tips on How to Invest in the Right Type of Truck Tires to Improve Profitability Next PostNext Insight Treatment, Los Angeles Youth Treatment Center, to Offer Counseling and Support Groups for Parents Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   LIVE SMARTER Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections LIVE SMARTER SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Amazing Facts Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE 14 Facts for Aaron Burr's Birthday Share Mark Mancini filed under: birthdays, History Image credit:  New York Historical Society via Wikimedia Commons // Public Domain Like us on Facebook It’s fair to say that no founding father has attracted more scorn than Aaron Burr, the tragic antagonist of a certain Broadway smash. Born on this date in 1756, Burr is mainly remembered for two things: killing Alexander Hamilton in a duel and later getting himself tried for treason under President Jefferson. Less attention is usually paid to Burr’s major accomplishments. Did you know, for example, that he basically invented modern campaign organizing? Or that he helped Tennessee join the union? Or that he had a remarkably progressive outlook on women’s rights for a man of his time? If you love the Hamilton musical, these 14 facts should give you a whole new outlook on the show’s most compelling character. 1. HE GRADUATED FROM PRINCETON AT AGE 16. Burr was left an orphan at the age of 2. The toddler and his sister Sally (then nearly 4) were taken in by their maternal uncle, Timothy Edwards. For two years, the youngsters lived in Stockbridge, Massachusetts before they relocated with Edwards to Elizabethtown, New Jersey. An intelligent, precocious boy, Burr submitted an application to Princeton (then the College of New Jersey) when he was just 11 years old. An examiner barred his admission, but that didn’t stop Burr from reapplying two years later. This time, Burr—now 13—was accepted into the university, which his late father had presided over. Four years younger than most of his classmates, he earned the affectionate nickname “Little Burr,” a reference to both the teen’s age and his short stature. He graduated with distinction in 1772. 2. DURING THE REVOLUTION, BURR SERVED UNDER BENEDICT ARNOLD FOR A TIME. Both of these guys would one day know how it felt to be the most notorious person in America. In 1775, Colonel Benedict Arnold led a contingent of patriot soldiers from Massachusetts to Quebec City by way of Maine. Altogether, some 1100 men made the journey; Burr was one of them. En route, the impressed colonel remarked that this future vice president was “a young gentleman of much life and activity [who] has acted with great spirit and resolution on our fatiguing march.” Fatiguing march, indeed: Arnold had severely underestimated the severity of the trek, and around 500 of his men had run off, died, or been captured by the time they reached their destination. Near the end of this northward trudge, Burr was sent to deliver a message to General Richard Montgomery who, having taken Montreal, was also on his way to Quebec City with his own force of 300 men. Montgomery took an instant liking to Burr and recruited him as his personal aide-de-camp—but their partnership would soon be cut short. On December 31, in the midst of a snowy winter’s battle, the general was killed by a cannon blast on the outskirts of the city. Some eyewitnesses later reported that Burr tried in vain to retrieve his commander’s body from the battlefield, but historians have their doubts about this story. 3. BURR WILLINGLY LEFT GEORGE WASHINGTON’S MILITARY STAFF. In 1776, Burr received an invitation to join Washington’s staff, and that June—after he returned from fighting in Quebec—he met the general in person to accept the position. But he wouldn’t retain it for long; not content to serve as “a practical clerk,” Burr started yearning for a job that would expose him to more combat action. Within a month, he requested and received a transfer to the staff of Major General Israel Putnam. From there, the relationship between Burr and Washington cooled. In 1798, the Virginian threw some shade on his one-time staffer, saying, “By all that I have known and heard, [Burr] is a brave and able officer, but the question is whether he has not equal talents at intrigue?” The tension was two-sided: According to John Adams, Burr once privately remarked that “he despised Washington as a man of no talents and one who could not spell a sentence of common English.” 4. HE ADMIRED MARY WOLLSTONECRAFT. Unlike most of his contemporaries, Burr had feminist leanings. On July 2, 1782, he married his first wife, Theodosia Prevost Bartow. The two had much in common, including a deep admiration for women’s rights essayist Mary Wollstonecraft. (In fact, they even hung her portrait on their mantle.) The mother of Frankenstein author Mary Shelley, Wollstonecraft’s best-known writing is, by far, her 1792 manifesto A Vindication of the Rights of Woman. Considered a watershed document in the history of feminism, it passionately argued that members of both sexes deserve the same fundamental rights, and denounced the educational systems of its era for failing to provide women with the opportunities afforded to men. The Burrs loved it: In 1793, Aaron described Wollstonecraft’s essay as “a work of genius.” To his dismay, however, his peers seemed to overwhelmingly disregard the text. “Is it owing to ignorance or prejudice that I have not yet met a single person who had discovered or would allow the merit of this work?” Burr once asked. In keeping with Wollstonecraft’s philosophy, the Burrs saw to it that their daughter, also named Theodosia, received a top-notch education—the kind normally reserved for boys. 5. BURR FOUNDED WHAT LATER BECAME J.P. MORGAN CHASE & CO. Shortly after the war wrapped up, Burr established himself as one of New York City’s hottest lawyers—and its most prominent Democratic-Republican. For many years, his party found itself at a major disadvantage in the Big Apple. In the early 1790s, the city’s banks were all run by rich Federalists, and none of these establishments would lend money to Democratic-Republicans. So in 1798, Burr hatched a plot to get around this. Taking advantage of a recent yellow fever epidemic, Burr asked the Federalist-controlled state legislature to give him a charter for what he called The Manhattan Company, a private organization that would provide New Yorkers with fresh, clean water. One of the most passionate supporters of Burr’s plan was none other than Mr. Federalist himself, Alexander Hamilton—though he would soon regret coming to his rival’s aid. In 1799, the legislature gave Burr that charter, which included a clause that allowed the Manhattan Company to employ “surplus capital” in any “monied transactions or operations not inconsistent with the constitution and laws of this state or of the United States.” Using this major loophole, Burr turned the Manhattan Company into a Democratic-Republican bank. It barely delivered water at all (although to keep the charter, a bank employee would ceremoniously pump water until 1923). Hamilton—along with the entire New York legislature—had been duped into helping Burr break the Federalist monopoly on banking in the city. The Manhattan Company has since evolved into JP Morgan Chase & Co., one of the largest banking institutions in the world. It now owns the pistols that were used in the Burr-Hamilton duel. 6. IN THE SENATE, HE HELPED TENNESSEE ACHIEVE STATEHOOD. Backed by New York Governor George Clinton and his family, Burr became a senator for the state of New York in 1791. Five years later, Senator Burr played a key role in Tennessee’s admission to the Union. Early in 1796, when the future state was still considered a federal territory, Governor William Blount spearheaded a constitutional convention at its voters’ behest. A constitution was drafted in Knoxville and then presented to both chambers of the U.S. Congress. Upon reviewing the document, the House, with its Democratic-Republican majority, voted to grant Tennessee its statehood. However, the Senate was dominated by Federalists, who stalled—and a partisan gridlock ensued. As a manager of the bipartisan Senate committee that had been created to deal with this problem, Burr rallied most of his colleagues to Tennessee’s cause. In the end, the committee came out in favor of the territory’s bid for admission into the Union. Shortly thereafter, the Senate voted to give Tennessee statehood status. It officially became America’s 16th state on June 1, 1796. Burr’s actions earned him the gratitude of many a prominent Tennessean. “I pronounce positively that Mr. Burr ... may be ranked among [Tennessee’s] very warmest friends,” Governor Blount declared. And when Burr visited the Volunteer State in 1805, Andrew Jackson entertained him as his personal houseguest in Nashville. At one point, Old Hickory even suggested that Burr relocate to Tennessee—where both men were quite popular—and seek public office there. 7. HE ONCE KEPT ALEXANDER HAMILTON OUT OF A DUEL. The man on the $10 bill nearly traded gunfire with America’s fifth president. Here’s what happened: In 1792, then-senator James Monroe and two of his fellow Democratic-Republicans had accused Hamilton of illegally giving government money to a man named James Reynolds, who was in prison for committing forgery. When they confronted him, Hamilton revealed that he was having an affair with Reynolds’s wife; Reynolds had demanded payment to keep quiet and to allow the affair to continue. The investigation wrapped up shortly thereafter, but Hamilton wasn’t out of the woods yet: In 1797, muckraking journalist James Callender publicly exposed the affair. Convinced that Monroe must have leaked the story, Hamilton went to confront his longtime opponent. Angrily, the two politicians waged a shouting match. “Do you say I represented falsely? You are a scoundrel,” Monroe barked. “I will meet you like a gentleman,” Hamilton said. “I am ready,” Monroe replied, “get your pistols.” Within a month, both founders were preparing themselves in earnest for a duel. But the showdown never came—and it was Burr who put an end it. Monroe picked Burr as his “second,” a designated go-between charged with negotiating the terms of this impending clash. For his part, Burr figured that both Hamilton and Monroe were being “childish,” and he did everything in his power to prevent them from squaring off. Eventually, he was able to calm both parties down: Thanks to Burr’s diplomacy, the duel went unfought. 8. HE LOVED CIGARS. In Fallen Founder: the Life of Aaron Burr, historian Nancy Isenberg writes that John Greenwood, who served as Burr’s law clerk from 1814 to 1820, “knew Burr … as a constant cigar smoker, for instance—he had extra long cigars made especially for him.” Often, the law clerk would find his boss cloaked in a haze of tobacco smoke. During Burr’s travels in Europe, he’d sometimes burn through as many as six cigars a day. He also discovered that the choicer ones paired well with rancio wines, which he said “[recall] the spiciness of tobacco, and they are the ideal accompaniment for cigars, often complementing them better than brandies.” 9. HE’S ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT FIGURES IN THE HISTORY OF TAMMANY HALL. To quote Gore Vidal, “Aaron Burr … professionalized politics in the United States.” Just look at Tammany Hall. Founded in 1788, this organization started out as the “Society of Saint Tammany,” a non-political New York City social club that appealed to immigrant and working families. But by the mid-19th century, it had been transformed into Gotham’s strongest political faction—and it was Burr who triggered the change. During the election of 1800, Burr made it his mission to win New York’s 12 electoral votes for the Democratic-Republican party. To help him do so, he enlisted the Society of Saint Tammany. Though Burr never belonged to the club, he easily capitalized on the anti-Federalist sentiments of its immigrant members, who loathed the party of John Adams and his Alien & Sedition Acts. Under Burr’s leadership, Tammany volunteers campaigned door-to-door and raised money from local donors. All their hard work paid off in dividends when Thomas Jefferson and Burr carried New York en route to winning the White House. 10. AFTER BURR KILLED HAMILTON IN THAT DUEL, TWO DIFFERENT STATES INDICTED HIM FOR MURDER. Like Washington, Jefferson eventually grew wary of Burr. Believing that the New Yorker had schemed to seize the presidency for himself in 1800, Jefferson resolved to drop his V.P. from the Democratic-Republican ticket in 1804. Realizing that he’d soon be out of the job, Burr made a bid to re-enter the arena of New York politics. In the spring of 1804, he ran for governor, but was roundly defeated by fellow Democratic-Republican Morgan Lewis. It was during this campaign that Hamilton made the remarks that sealed his fate. While the race was going on, Hamilton vocally denounced Burr at a dinner party. Among those in attendance was Charles Cooper, a Democratic-Republican who sent off a letter to a friend describing Hamilton’s comments. Somehow, bits and pieces of the letter began appearing in local newspapers, prompting a stern denial from Hamilton’s father-in-law Philip Schuyler. An angry Cooper wrote a letter to Schuyler saying that Schuyler should be happy he had been “unusually cautious” and that “I could detail to you a still more despicable opinion which General Hamilton has expressed of Mr. Burr.” This letter too wound up in the press, and in June the relevant paper was sent to Burr, who wasted no time in contacting Hamilton. “You must perceive, Sir,” he wrote, “the necessity of a prompt and unqualified acknowledgement or denial of the use of any expressions which could warrant the assertions of Dr. Cooper.” Thus began an exchange of letters that culminated in the infamous duel of July 11, 1804. As anyone who’s listened to the Hamilton soundtrack knows, Burr won. But what the show leaves out is the incident’s legal aftermath. That August, a New York coroner’s jury indicted him for murder. The following October, New Jersey—where the duel had been fought—did likewise. In a letter to his daughter, Burr explained his predicament thusly: “There is a contention of a singular nature between the two States of New York and New Jersey. The subject in dispute is which shall have the honor of hanging the Vice President. You shall have due notice of time and place.” But Burr didn't hang. At the urging of Burr’s Democratic-Republican friends in the U.S. Senate, New Jersey dismissed its indictment against him in 1807; New York also dropped the murder charges. 11. BURR WAS FAMOUSLY TRIED FOR (AND ACQUITTED OF) TREASON. Correctly assessing that the New York City area was no longer a safe place for him, Vice President Burr ran away to Georgia in August 1804, where he briefly stayed at the plantation of Major Pierce Butler. But as the sitting V.P., he couldn’t stay away from Capitol Hill for long. By November 4, he was back in Washington to preside over the impeachment trial of Samuel Chase, a Federalist Supreme Court Justice. The trial wrapped up on March 1, 1805 and Chase was acquitted. One day later, Burr gave a stirring farewell address to the Senate and took his leave. Soon, he would be replaced as Jefferson’s vice president by George Clinton. And yet, the administration hadn’t seen the last of Aaron Burr. Not by a long shot. The word filibuster had a different meaning in the early 19th century. Back then, it was defined as “one who engages in unauthorized and irregular warfare against foreign states.” With his prospects on the east coast looking bleak, Burr headed westward to establish one in 1805. He attracted around 60 men to his cause and began arousing plenty of suspicion. His modern defenders argue that the former vice president was convinced there’d soon be a war between the U.S. and Mexico, and that he may have been planning to bide his time in the American south until said war broke out, at which point he’d lead his men into Spanish-controlled territory. But there were those who believed Burr wanted nothing less than to conquer America’s western holdings and create his own nation there. President Jefferson assumed the worst. In 1806, the commander-in-chief called for Burr’s arrest. He got his wish on February 19, 1807, when Burr was apprehended in present-day Alabama. Burr was subsequently charged with treason and taken to the United States Court for the Fifth Circuit in Richmond, Virginia. Presiding over the case was John Marshall, Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court, who said that the prosecution failed to provide sufficient evidence with which to convict Burr—and he was acquitted. Once again, though, Burr sensed that public opinion had turned sharply against him. In 1808, the disgraced politician set sail for Europe and didn’t return to the States until 1812. 12. WHEN BURR’S SECOND WIFE LEFT HIM, SHE HIRED ALEXANDER HAMILTON JR. AS HER DIVORCE ATTORNEY. Talk about courtroom drama! Burr’s first wife had passed away in 1794, a victim of stomach cancer. He didn’t remarry until 1833, when he exchanged “I dos” with a rich widow named Eliza Jumel. (In the interim, his beloved daughter, Theodosia, vanished forever at sea.) After two turbulent years, Jumel accused Burr of committing adultery and of trying to liquidate her fortune, and sued for divorce. Her attorney during the proceedings was Alexander Hamilton Jr. Yes, the son of the man Aaron Burr had shot in 1804 represented his estranged second wife in a highly-publicized divorce case that was derided by haughty Whig newspapers. Burr died on September 14, 1846—the day this divorce was made final. 13. MARTIN VAN BUREN WAS RUMORED TO BE BURR’S ILLEGITIMATE SON. They shared a knack for growing sideburns, but no genes. “Old Kinderhook,” as Van Buren was sometimes known, first met Burr in 1803. The two became reacquainted after Jefferson’s former V.P. came back from his self-imposed European exile and resumed his New York law practice. Together, they ended up collaborating on a handful of legal cases. This gave rise to the absurd rumor—as recorded by John Quincy Adams in his diary—that Van Buren was Burr’s bastard child. 14. A WORK OF AARON BURR EROTICA WAS ANONYMOUSLY PUBLISHED IN 1861. No really, this exists. Burr’s enemies—including Hamilton—were known to accuse him of rampant womanizing. Such rumors help explain what is quite possibly the strangest work in American literature: 1861’s The Amorous Intrigues and Adventures of Aaron Burr. Presented as a novelized biography, the book (whose author is unknown) retells everything from Burr’s birth in 1756 to his death 80 years later. But it also includes lurid descriptions of fictitious sexual conquests in several different states, with virgins, young widows, and unhappy wives constantly throwing themselves at our protagonist. For those who might be looking for a less racy novel about Jefferson’s first vice president, there’s Gore Vidal’s 1973 best-seller, Burr. More from mental_floss...  10 Jobs You Didn't Hear About On Career Day  Harriet Tubman's Perfect Record  6 Awesome Things Bill Murray Has Done  The 25 Most Powerful TV Shows of the Last 25 Years February 6, 2017 - 12:00pm Share Mark Mancini mental_floss A native of fabulous Rochester, NY, Mark loves freelance writing, community theater, & anything dinosaur-related. He’s also obsessed with Denver Broncos football. View the discussion thread. . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss Why Is AriZona Iced Tea Cheaper Than Water? There's a Wire Above Manhattan That You've Probably Never Noticed Why is the Passenger Seat Called "Shotgun"? POPULAR ON mental_floss What’s the Difference Between Tylenol, Aspirin, Advil, and Aleve? 9 Megalomaniacal Facts About Narcissism Waldo's Topless Beach Scandal POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Advances in Weaponry That Changed History The First Americans Didn't Arrive by the Bering Land Bridge, Study Says Dead Air: The Talk Show Guest Who Died on Dick Cavett's Stage POPULAR ON mental_floss Zomething Different: The Zima Story In Iceland, Drawing a Map on Your Mail Works Just as Well as an Address Morning Cup of Links: The Rise and Fall of a Sex Symbol POPULAR ON mental_floss 5 Ways the 'Little House on the Prairie' Books Stretched the Truth 9 Unusual Items Found in Rivers Around the World The Harry Potter and 'Fantastic Beasts' Easter Egg You May Have Missed POPULAR ON mental_floss 8 Memorable Comics Screw-Ups 10 Beefy Facts About ‘Bob’s Burgers’ Most Popular Valentine's Day Gift Searches Per State NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Wall Street finds a friend in Trump’s Washington Wall Street finds a friend in Trump’s Washington Posted on Monday, February 6, 2017 by CNN in Business News Wall Street probably wasn’t expecting to find a friend in President Trump, the populist candidate who vowed the industry would no longer “get away with murder.” On the campaign trail, Trump slammed Wall Street for causing “tremendous problems” and promised to “drain the swamp” in part by breaking up the biggest banks. Trump knocked Hillary Clinton’s paid speeches to Wall Street and villainized Goldman Sachs in his closing campaign ad. Yet Wall Street is enjoying an incredible reversal of fortunes in Washington now that Trump has replaced former President Obama, who famously called bank CEOs “fat cats.” Consider the optics of Trump’s executive order last Friday that kicked off the process of rolling back the Dodd-Frank financial reform law. Seated next to the president was Wall Street mega billionaire Stephen Schwarzman, the man who had cobbled together the “world-class group” of CEOs that were at the meeting. Also at the table was Wall Street’s best-known CEO: Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump pointed out. Trump also lavished praised on Larry Fink, the BlackRock boss, for making him richer. “Larry did a great job for me. He managed a lot of my money. I have to tell you, he got me great returns,” Trump said. And the face of the Trump administration’s financial deregulation: Gary Cohn, who was Goldman Sachs’ No. 2 executive until December. Cohn was named Trump’s top economic adviser and walked away from Goldman with a $285 million haul that is raising conflict of interest concerns. On Friday, Cohn appeared on TV channels and granted interviews to explain the planned changes, telling Bloomberg, “We’re going to attack all aspects of Dodd-Frank.” Cohn also stood behind Trump in the Oval Office, looming over the president as he signed the executive order. Trump’s critics pounced, claiming the new president is essentially letting the fox guard the henhouse. “This guy is a fraud,” Senator Bernie Sanders told CNN’s Jake Tapper on “State of the Union” on Sunday, pointing to Trump’s campaign promises to take on Wall Street. “It is hard not to laugh to see President Trump alongside these Wall Street guys…I think he is going to sell out the middle class, the working class, of this country,” Sanders said. Trump defended his willingness to lean on Wall Street CEOs for advice, explaining he’s focused on creating jobs. “When I campaigned for office I promised the American people that I’d ask for our country’s best and brightest,” Trump said on Friday. This newfound friendship between Wall Street and Washington is an about-face from life under Obama. Bank CEOs never forgave Obama for calling them “fat cats” in the opening weeks of his administration amid a public uproar over golden parachutes for execs who contributed to the financial crisis. Now big bank stocks are enjoying a big post-election surge, which continued last week as Trump promised to “do a big number” on the shackles placed on Wall Street following the 2008 meltdown that wrecked the economy. Goldman Sachs stock alone surged nearly 5% on Friday, up an incredible 33% since Trump’s victory. Goldman, like other big banks, is benefiting from Trump’s bashing of the laws put in place to prevent another Wall Street meltdown. Bank stocks are climbing on hopes that Trump will usher in faster growth in part by slashing taxes. It can’t hurt that Trump has hired numerous ex-Goldman Sachs guys to help him run the country. Treasury secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin was a Goldman Sachs partner, Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon also worked there, and Trump picked Jay Clayton, a former Goldman lawyer, to lead the SEC. More than 111 million people watched Super Bowl LI Pro-Trump boycott calls follow Super Bowl ads Related Posts John Oliver to Colbert: ‘I couldn’t give less of a s***’ about Trump Belinda Graduates CNB’s Management Training Program Starbucks just got more expensive HP chief Meg Whitman calls Trump ‘unfit to be president’ Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Nomura: China's foreign trade to grow at single-digit rate in 2017 China to push for IPO normalizaion: securities regulator China's Xiaomi releases new smart phone in Indonesia Britain’s Reckitt gobbles US’s Mead Johnson for US$16.6b Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Moderate air pollution as Lantern Festival begins City beats clock on deadline for protection zones Testing time for trying to get into theater academy Carrot and stick regulation for street food vendors Metro pays a price for its success, says report Record number of students seek admission into theater academy Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News Westbrook, Thunder silence Cavs Zidane eyes Bale return Chelsea’s Conte wary of Burnley’s fine home form Leipzig fan trouble haunts Dortmund Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Journey to the centerpoints of Shanghai Rural poor villagers in China cash in on Kuaishou craze Stand-up comedians build up a following Infertility and the long arm of the law Royal Asiatic Society back to continue original mission Jesuits leave mark on country’s scientific history Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News The Global Search for Education: Meet the Minister – From Finland – Sanni Grahn-Laasonen Timely service but room for improvement Swiss supermarket chain tests limits of pricing From an immigrant, a letter to Vietnamese cousin thinking about moving to America Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Oral history book explores true meaning of tradition by recounting the revival of qin Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Traipsing the wild to bring nature to the city Introducing Kabul’s female wushu warriors ‘Rent-a-monk’ shakes up tradition in Japan Scientists create index to track urban tree cover Givenchy star leaves Royal treatment lavished on Tsar the liger Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: China aims to relocate 3.4 mln people in 2017 to tackle poverty 8.2 million railway trips expected on Lantern Festival Nomura: China's foreign trade to grow at single-digit rate in 2017 Nepal discovers new species of bird in mid-western region China to push for IPO normalizaion: securities regulator The story appears on Page A11 February 7, 2017 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 Xiaomi Goes All-In On Retail to Revive China Smartphone Sales 销量大滑坡！小米开始布局线下零售 View more » Photo Sets Dashijie is back! Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund View more » Home » Business » Finance JPMorgan gets nod for bond trade Source: Agencies | February 7, 2017, Tuesday | Print Edition JPMORGAN Chase & Co said yesterday that it has received approval and license to underwrite corporate bonds in China’s interbank bond market, making it the first US-headquartered bank to do so. The license enables JPMorgan to underwrite debt financing instruments issued by non-financial entities, including commercial papers, medium-term notes and other instruments approved by regulators, it said. The license was granted by the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors, which oversees the Chinese interbank bond market, said a JPMorgan statement. China is the third-largest bond market in the world, with 43.7 trillion yuan (US$6.4 trillion) outstanding at the end of 2016 and the interbank bond market accounting for over 90 percent, said China Central Depository & Clearing Co. Finance <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Man detained for arson on Hong Kong metro train, 17 injured Metro pays a price for its success, says report Another graft suspect returns from United States Trump seeks closer ties with China Journey to the centerpoints of Shanghai 500 gather for amazing family photo About 1,600 foreigners get ‘green cards’ Shanghai ranks No. 4 of world’s top-30 cities Shanghai Disneyland attracts 7 million visitors since opening China to boost foreign talent pool 500 gather for amazing family photo First giant panda born in Shanghai and her mother die Tiger killed after gnawing tourist to death in Ningbo zoo Three Students Running Red Light Hit by A Car Man mauled by tiger had jumped into enclosure to escape admission fee <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News China aims to relocate 3.4 mln people in 2017 to tackle poverty 8.2 million railway trips expected on Lantern Festival Nomura: China's foreign trade to grow at single-digit rate in 2017 Nepal discovers new species of bird in mid-western region China to push for IPO normalizaion: securities regulator View more » Latest Business News China's Xiaomi releases new smart phone in Indonesia China’s foreign trade grows past market expectations in January China to push for IPO normalizaion: securities regulator Sales of excavators surge 54% China's January exports up 15.9%, imports up 25.2% Uber drivers in Taiwan call for legalization View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Britain USA Germany Switerland View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 49° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today A mix of clouds and sun in the morning followed by cloudy skies during the afternoon. Slight chance of a rain shower. High 66F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Overcast. Slight chance of a shower throughout the evening. Low around 45F. SW winds shifting to NW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Tyson reveals subpoena likely linked to alleged price-fixing Reuters Feb 6, 2017 (…) Tyson Foods Inc. said on Monday it received a subpoena from U.S. authorities, and was cooperating with an investigation, which it believes to be in an early stage. Last year, U.S. poultry buyers sued Tyson, the nation's biggest chicken processor, and other companies, claiming they had colluded since 2008 to reduce production in violation of antitrust laws. Tyson has denied the accusations. The seller of Jimmy Dean sausage and Ball Park hot dogs received a subpoena from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Jan. 20 in connection with an investigation related to the company, according to documents filed with the SEC. The company revealed the subpoena as it reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and profit, helped by higher beef and pork exports and lower livestock costs. Commenting on the SEC subpoena, JPMorgan analyst Ken Goldman said "obviously it is not a positive" for Tyson shares. The subpoena and strong results come as Tom Hayes is getting his footing as Tyson's new chief executive officer. He took over from former CEO Donnie Smith on Dec. 31. "We wonder what exactly is being investigated and what risk this creates for Tyson," RBC Capital Markets said about the subpoena. In a separate lawsuit last month, chicken farmers sued Tyson and other top U.S. poultry companies for allegedly conspiring to depress their pay. Tyson has denied those allegations. The company has sought to increase profit by selling more value-added items such as pre-seasoned products and heat-and-serve meals, which command higher margins than basic meats. Net income attributable to Tyson rose to $593 million, or $1.59 per share, in the first quarter ended Dec. 31, from $461 million, or $1.15 per share, a year earlier. See how St. Louis stocks are faring Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Sales were $9.18 billion, up from $9.15 billion a year ago. Analysts on average had expected earnings of $1.26 per share and revenue of $9.05 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Tyson said earnings per share and operating margins for Tyson's pork and beef units reached record highs in the quarter. "Strong exports and big domestic supply created the perfect storm for beef and pork," RBC Capital Markets said. Tyson raised its forecast for full-year profit to $4.90 to $5.05 per share, up from its earlier forecast of $4.70 to $4.85. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Tyson Economics Commerce Finance Subpoena View (…) comments Most popular Special report: The man behind the fiscal fiasco in Illinois Missouri consumer law is under attack U.S. may take 'fresh look' at Lockheed's plan to move F-16 production to India, company says Chesterfield doctor's company placed on probation, must pay back $166,000 Sears to cut $1 billion in costs, reduce debt and pension obligations by $1.5 billion Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section St. Louis police investigate fatal shootings Enterprise Financial Services completes acquisition of Eagle Bank parent U.S. stock indexes extend climb into record heights Sears to cut $1 billion in costs, reduce debt and pension obligations by $1.5 billion Circus Flora planning new Grand Center home Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Selected nominees will be featured in the Post-Dispatch and STLtoday.com! Celebrate your company's culture! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Finance Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Jamie Dimon's holdings have surged by $229 million since his 2016 'bottom' buy Jeff Cox | Dominic Chu Monday, 6 Feb 2017 | 12:47 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Dimon bottom: One year later    Monday, 6 Feb 2017 | 8:19 AM ET | 01:56 As the markets were in turmoil and the world worried about a global recession in February 2016, Jamie Dimon was calling for calm. The JPMorgan Chase CEO stood amid the tumult and said the market was cheap. He backed up his belief by purchasing 500,000 shares of his company's stock, which was tanking at the time. He never actually called a market trough, but many in the market since then have referred to it as the "Dimon bottom." Much has been made of the move and deservedly so considering the profit Dimon made on that purchase — what appears now to be a $17 million gain on a $26.6 million investment, just based on the shares purchased that day. That's based on where JPMorgan stock was compared with where it is now. And that doesn't even account for the total profit he made on his holdings. The Feb. 11, 2016, purchase came at an average price of $53.18. The stock closed Friday at $87.18, equaling a $34 per share gain, or 64 percent. David A. Grogan | CNBC Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co. at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Bank shares actually saw mediocre performance through much of the year, but a late-year rally fueled by Donald Trump's upset victory in the presidential race sent financial stocks soaring. JPMorgan shares are up 24 percent since Election Day. The purchase brought Dimon's total holdings in his bank to about 6.75 million shares, which would have been worth $359 million at the time. Given the $34 per share rise in JPMorgan's stock price, those holdings are now worth closer to $588.5 million. That would be a gain of over $229 million. To be sure, it was a bold move that could have gone otherwise. At the time, there were fears of a global recession brought on by a slowdown in China. Investors worried that Deutsche Bank was in major trouble, the Federal Reserve appeared determined to raise interest rates even amid the difficulties and political uncertainty was running high. Warren Buffett is fond of saying that he is fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful. For Dimon, it's a lesson that paid off handsomely. Correction: The version has been updated to reflect that Jamie Dimon's holdings have surged by $229 million since his 2016 "bottom" buy. show chapters JPMorgan's Dimon meets with Trump economic advisor    Friday, 27 Jan 2017 | 3:47 PM ET | 01:55 Jeff CoxFinance Editor Dominic ChuCNBC Markets Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The mortgage bond whale everyone is suddenly worried about Bloomberg Liz Capo McCormick and Matt Scully 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs Click to expand Replay Video Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion A Homeland Security Department report seen by Reuters also says the border wall President Trump wants could take more than three years to build. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Cote d’Azur is a french business man who believes Uber’s technology is the reason that his marriage ended. He said that through the app his wife could see where he had been and he was going. Apparently, his wife did not approve of where he had been and they got divorced. He is now suing Uber for 45 million euros, which is $48 million American dollars. Uber has not yet commented on the lawsuit publicly. It is their policy to not make comments about individual cases. Wochit Business Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Entertainment Reporter Katrina Szish previews the movies in theaters this weekend and the Grammy Awards. Fox Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Morgan Stanley's Sheets: Facing Big Shift in Fed Policy Bloomberg See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's wall to cost $21.6 billion Reuters1:04 Man sues Uber for ruining his marriage Wochit Business0:32 Will the Lego Batman movie be a boost to Lego sales? Fox Business4:01 Meet the collaborative robots that work with you Bloomberg3:14 An interesting shift is happening in the marijuana business International Business Times1:00 Is Under Armour asking for a backlash? The Wall Street Journal.0:43 Serial house sitting is the new fad for retirees CNBC0:56 This zero-waste packaging is made from bamboo CNN Money3:19 Top grossing pets on Instagram GOBankingRates1:13 Trump's tweets aren't helping Twitter make money Veuer0:42 Weak peso helps tequila giant Jose Cuervo go public The Wall Street Journal.1:02 Beautiful beaches that are ridiculously expensive GOBankingRates1:06 How do fake news sites make money? BBC News1:13 Trump meets with airlines CNBC2:00 This is the world's most expensive chocolate bar CNBC0:39 Honoured Apple CEO takes aim at Trump Reuters1:31 UP NEXT Almost a decade after it all began, the Federal Reserve is finally talking about unwinding its grand experiment in monetary policy. Quotes in the article Goldman Sachs Group Inc GS ▲ 242.72 +1.17 +0.48% JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▼ 87.00 -0.20 -0.23% Morgan Stanley MS ▼ 44.70 -0.15 -0.33% AdChoices And when it happens, the knock-on effects in the bond market could pose a threat to the U.S. housing recovery. Just how big is hard to quantify. But over the past month, a number of Fed officials have openly discussed the need for the central bank to reduce its bond holdings, which it amassed as part of its unprecedented quantitative easing during and after the financial crisis. The talk has prompted some on Wall Street to suggest the Fed will start its drawdown as soon as this year, which has refocused attention on its $1.75 trillion stash of mortgage-backed securities. While the Fed also owns Treasuries as part of its $4.45 trillion of assets, its MBS holdings have long been a contentious issue, with some lawmakers criticizing the investments as beyond what’s needed to achieve the central bank’s mandate. Yet because the Fed is now the biggest source of demand for U.S. government-backed mortgage debt and owns a third of the market, any move is likely to boost costs for home buyers. In the past year alone, the Fed bought $387 billion of mortgage bonds just to maintain its holdings. Getting out of the bond-buying business as the economy strengthens could help lift 30-year mortgage rates past 6 percent within three years, according to Moody’s Analytics Inc. Unwinding QE “will be a massive and long-lasting hit” for the mortgage market, said Michael Cloherty, the head of U.S. interest-rate strategy at RBC Capital Markets. He expects the Fed to start paring its investments in the fourth quarter and ultimately dispose of all its MBS holdings. Unprecedented Buying Unlike Treasuries, the Fed rarely owned mortgage-backed securities before the financial crisis. Over the years, its purchases have been key in getting the housing market back on its feet. Along with near-zero interest rates, the demand from the Fed reduced the cost mortgage debt relative to Treasuries and encouraged banks to extend more loans to consumers. In a roughly two-year span that ended in 2014, the Fed increased its MBS holdings by about $1 trillion, which it has maintained by reinvesting its maturing debt. Since then, 30-year bonds composed of Fannie Mae-backed mortgages have only been about a percentage point higher than the average yield for five- and 10-year Treasuries, data compiled by Bloomberg show. That’s less than the spread during housing boom in 2005 and 2006. Talk of the Fed pulling back from the market has bond dealers anticipating that spreads will widen. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. sees the gap increasing 0.1 percentage point this year, while strategists from JPMorgan Chase & Co. say that once the Fed actually starts to slow its MBS reinvestments, the spread would widen at least 0.2 to 0.25 percentage points. “The biggest buyer is leaving the market, so there will be less demand for MBS,” said Marty Young, fixed-income analyst at Goldman Sachs. The firm forecasts the central bank will start reducing its holdings in 2018. That’s in line with a majority of bond dealers in the New York Fed’s December survey. The Fed, for its part, has said it will keep reinvesting until its tightening cycle is “well underway,” according to language that has appeared in every policy statement since December 2015. The range for its target rate currently stands at 0.5 percent to 0.75 percent. Mortgage Rates Mortgage rates have started to rise as the Fed moves to increase short-term borrowing costs. Rates for 30-year home loans surged to an almost three-year high of 4.32 percent in December. While rates have edged lower since, they’ve jumped more than three-quarters of a percentage point in just four months. The surge in mortgage rates is already putting a dent in housing demand. Sales of previously owned homes declined more than forecast in December, even as full-year figures were the strongest in a decade, according to data from the National Association of Realtors. People are starting to ask the question, “Gee, did I miss my opportunity here to get a low-rate mortgage?” said Tim Steffen, a financial planner at Robert W. Baird & Co. in Milwaukee. “I tell them that rates are still pretty low. But are rates going to go up? It certainly seems like they are.” Part of it, of course, has to do with the Fed simply raising interest rates as inflation perks up. Officials have long wanted to get benchmark borrowing costs off rock-bottom levels (another legacy of crisis-era policies) and back to levels more consist with a healthy economy. This year, the Fed has penciled in three additional quarter-point rate increases. The move to taper its investments has the potential to cause further tightening. Morgan Stanley estimates that a $325 billion reduction in the Fed’s MBS holdings from April 2018 through end of 2019 may have the same impact as nearly two additional rate increases. Finding other sources of demand won’t be easy either. Because of the Fed’s outsize role in the MBS market since the crisis, the vast majority of transactions are done by just a handful of dealers. What’s more, it’s not clear whether investors like foreign central banks and commercial banks can absorb all the extra supply -- at least without wider spreads. On the plus side, getting MBS back into the hands of private investors could help make the market more robust by increasing trading. Average daily volume has plunged more than 40 percent since the crisis, Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association data show. “Ending reinvestment will mean there are more bonds for the private sector to buy,” said Daniel Hyman, the co-head of the agency-mortgage portfolio management team at Pacific Investment Management Co. What’s more, it may give the central bank more flexibility to tighten policy, especially if President Donald Trump’s spending plans stir more economic growth and inflation. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said last month that he’d prefer to use the central bank’s holdings to do some of the lifting, echoing remarks by his Boston colleague Eric Rosengren. Nevertheless, the consequences for the U.S. housing market can’t be ignored. The “Fed has already hiked twice and the market is expecting” more, said Munish Gupta, a manager at Nara Capital, a new hedge fund being started by star mortgage trader Charles Smart. “Tapering is the next logical step.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Tyson reveals subpoena linked to alleged price fixing News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Tyson reveals subpoena linked to alleged price fixing Tyson Foods Inc disclosed on Monday it has received a subpoena from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission following allegations it conspired with rivals for years to fix chicken prices. Posted 06 Feb 2017 20:50 Updated 07 Feb 2017 07:15 Tyson food meat products are shown in this photo illustration in Encinitas, California May 29, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Tyson Foods Inc disclosed on Monday it has received a subpoena from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission following allegations it conspired with rivals for years to fix chicken prices. The chicken sector, which is dominated by a handful of large meat companies, has come under increased scrutiny over the past year as customers and farmers have alleged antitrust violations relating to pricing, production and compensation. U.S. poultry buyers claimed in a lawsuit in 2016 that Tyson, the nation's biggest chicken processor, and its competitors had colluded since 2008 to reduce output and manipulate prices. Tyson, Pilgrim's Pride Corp and Sanderson Farms Inc have denied the accusations. Investors in separate lawsuits have alleged the processors made misleading statements or failed to disclose information about price fixing. Tyson Chief Executive Tom Hayes declined to share details about its subpoena on a conference call with reporters after the company reported better-than-expected quarterly sales and profit. He said the company had not changed pricing practices. Tyson received the subpoena from the SEC on Jan. 20 in connection with an investigation related to the company, according to regulatory documents. The seller of Ball Park hot dogs said it had limited information and was cooperating with the probe, which is in an early stage. Pilgrim's Pride said it had not received a subpoena from the SEC. Sanderson Farms declined to comment. Tyson's stock ended down 3.5 percent at US$63.13. Shares of Pilgrim's Pride, mostly owned by meat packer JBS SA, lost 4 percent to US$18.64. Sanderson Farms shares slid 1.9 percent to US$89.50. Commenting on the subpoena, JPMorgan analyst Ken Goldman said "obviously it is not a positive" for Tyson. Joe Agnese, analyst for CFRA Research, said the news will restrict Tyson's valuation until investors' concerns are alleviated. The subpoena arrived as Hayes is finding his footing as Tyson's new CEO after taking over for Donnie Smith on Dec. 31. Tyson has sought to increase profit by selling more value-added items such as pre-seasoned products and heat-and-serve meals, which command higher margins than basic meats. Net income attributable to the company rose to US$1.59 per share in the quarter ended Dec. 31 from US$1.15 a year earlier. Sales were US$9.18 billion, up from US$9.15 billion. Analysts on average expected earnings of US$1.26 and revenue of US$9.05 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Tyson raised its full-year profit forecast to US$4.90 to US$5.05 per share from US$4.70 to US$4.85. (Reporting by Tom Polanasek in Chicago and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Matthew Lewis) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
X Close World Home > News > World < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 6 February 2017 | MYT 11:49 PM Euro could slide 10 percent on Le Pen victory - JPMorgan LONDON (Reuters) - The euro could fall swiftly below parity with the dollar and France's borrowing costs soar to 2 percent more than their German equivalents if far-right leader Marine Le Pen won the French presidency in May, according to U.S. bank JPMorgan. In a note to clients dated Friday but sent to media on Monday, analysts from the bank discussed various scenarios after a Le Pen victory in April and May. "Euro and oil have decent downside on a Le Pen victory: euro could fall about 10 cents to about $0.98 over a few weeks and oil could decline by 5-10 percent," the note said. "In the remote scenario of a Le Pen Presidency with supportive government and parliament, 10-year Bunds could approach 0 basis points and 10-year France-Germany (yield spread) 200 basis points." (Reporting by John Geddie and Patrick Graham, editing by Nigel Stephenson) You May Be Interested New Zealanders race to rescue whales after hundreds stranded New top U.S. diplomat plays central role in Trump's China shift Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong China expels 32 South Korea missionaries amid missile defence tension U.N. Secretary General kicks off Middle East tour Experiencing painful menses? Let Angelica help you Others Also Read Showcase of modest fashion Dialysis centre gets two new machines ‘Petaling Street a mini portrait of Malaysian Chinese history’ advertisement Latest News Turkey to hold referendum on presidency on April 16 - election board Missing China billionaire taken from Hong Kong hotel in wheelchair - source South Sudan general quits, cites army abuses and ethnic bias JPJ: Over 50,000 ride motorcycles to school without licences Saudi Crown prince says U.S.-Saudi ties strong Most Viewed in News Teen girl has many sex partners Datuk, three others arrested over RM55mil investment scam ‘I’m in pain’ – teen’s dying words to instructor Zahid to Azmin: No, Anifah is not quitting Heart wrenching send-off for the Lims Islamic State fighter is first Australian stripped of citizenship - report The trouble with titles R.AGE documentary on Thaipusam kavadi porters goes viral Health D-G: Three from Kajang family gathering test positive for leptospirosis New croc sighting in Sungai Semenyih Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Toggle navigation Toggle profile Login Create Account Subscribe Digital Subscription Access premium content as soon as it’s published Get the M&G Daily Edition in your inbox every weekday Receive a digital version of the newspaper every Friday Subscribe Now Free Newsletter Get the M&G in your inbox daily Sign Up News (current) Opinion Arts & Culture Business Education Health Special Reports More News Politics Africa Environment National Sport World Opinion Columnists Editorials and letters Art and Culture Art and design Books Music Film and theatre Sci-Tech In The Paper Zapiro Madam & Eve Content Hubs The Teacher MTN Business KwaZulu-Natal Transport & Logistics Mining Partners M&G Africa M&G Events Bhekisisa Thought Leader 200 Young South Africans Tenders Jobs News Day Property Dating Travel Subscribe Digital Subscription Access premium content as soon as it’s published Get the M&G Daily Edition in your inbox every weekday Receive a digital version of the newspaper every Friday Subscribe Now Free Newsletter Get the M&G in your inbox daily Sign Up Login To enjoy the full Mail & Guardian online experience: please upgrade your browser National Mine bosses descend on Cape Town, but leave chequebooks at home 06 Feb 2017 16:31Kevin Crowley, Thomas Biesheuvel South Africa is home to the world's largest platinum, chrome and manganese reserves and now the government wants benefits to flow black investors. (Delwyn Verasamy, M&G) With its iconic mountain, beaches and vineyards, it’s easy to attract global mining bosses and fund managers to Cape Town. Yet as thousands of executives, shareholders and officials flock to South Africa for the annual Mining Indaba, the industry’s investments are flowing the opposite way. A mix of shrinking reserves, rising labour costs, frequent stoppages and regulatory uncertainty has prompted major mining companies to rethink their presence in South Africa, home to the world’s largest platinum, chrome and manganese reserves and the source of one-third of all gold ever mined. Anglo American, once a keystone of the economy, is selling half its assets in the country, while BHP Billiton and Gold Fields both spun off their local operations in the past four years. AngloGold Ashanti tried to do the same. South Africa, which was the world’s largest gold producer for a century until 2007, has now dropped to sixth place. “They’re difficult mines in a tough operating environment with wage inflation constantly eating away at margins,” said Neil Gregson, who manages about $2.5-billion of natural-resources stocks at JPMorgan Asset Management in London.  “Increasingly, you need specialised management teams to run those assets. We don’t see any growth there.” About 6 000 attendees were expected at the Mining Indaba, which started on Monday. Executives from companies including Anglo American, Rio Tinto, AngloGold Ashanti and South32 are scheduled to speak at the event, Africa’s biggest resource industry conference. As the largest mining companies shift their priorities elsewhere, investors are valuing South Africa-focused stocks more cheaply than global peers. The FTSE/JSE Africa Mining Index trades at 1.3 times book value, compared with 1.9 times for the Bloomberg World Mining Index. The measure for South African stocks has been at a discount to the figure for the global index for the past five years, except for during one month in 2013. Even Sibanye Gold, the locally focused spin-off from Gold Fields, chose to go to the United States for its largest acquisition to date. The company had previously stated its intention to buy in its home country or elsewhere in Africa and took investors by surprise in December with a plan to buy Montana-based Stillwater Mining for $2.2-billion. “They’ve chosen to go overseas for the acquisition rather than something closer to home. It shows you how politically difficult it is to close things in South Africa,” said Michael Rawlinson, co-head of metals and mining investment banking at Barclays, which lends money to Sibanye. Many of the South African mining industry’s problems stem from its turbulent and oppressive past. Mines, particularly gold, were largely built on the basis of cheap labour, minimal safety standards and plentiful electricity, with profits flowing to their white owners to the exclusion of the black majority. Above-inflation wage increases To redress the inequity of apartheid, the government wants mining companies to be 26% owned by black investors, even if those investors later sell their stakes. Companies argue this will lead to continual dilution. The Chamber of Mines said today it restarted talks with the government last month on the issue. Government is committed to “radical economic transformation” to secure black South Africans a bigger stake in the economy, and will publish revised mine ownership requirements next month whether the industry agrees with them or not, Mineral Resources Minister Mosebenzi Zwane said on Monday at the Mining Indaba. “Security over tenure is a concern for us,” JPMorgan’s Gregson said. After more than a century of intensive mining, resources have been depleted, unions have commanded above-inflation wage increases, safety breaches are drawing increased scrutiny from government and power is increasingly expensive. The industry made its first net loss since at least 2009 in the year through June, as commodity prices plunged, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Local gold production declined by almost half to 144.5 metric tons and output of platinum-group metals dropped 11% in the decade to 2015, according to the Chamber of Mines. Labour costs, which make up a third of the industry’s overall expenses, almost tripled to R117-billion a year. Still, mining makes up about half of the country’s export earnings. Safety stoppages The government has also irked companies by imposing what they say are unnecessary safety stoppages that cost production. At up to 4km below ground, South African gold mines are the deepest and among the most dangerous in the world, typically employing thousands of workers mainly using hand-held drills. If international investors and mining companies are deterred by South Africa’s problems, locals may be willing to step in. Patrice Motsepe, the executive chairperson of African Rainbow Minerals who had success buying unwanted gold mines in the late 1990s, said last month he’s once again looking to snap up unloved South African assets. “South Africa has good infrastructure, it’s got great technical skills, it’s got a long history of mining,” Barclays’s Rawlinson said.  “But that long history means the best deposits have already been developed. To compensate for that it needs to be easy. That easiness is gone.” - Bloomberg   AngloGoldminingmineral resourcesMosebenzi Zwane Read More Small-scale mining on the rise Mining companies’ spat with government deepens over revised charter Mining transforms the once sleepy Tubatse Illegal Limpopo chrome mining — digging deep for empty promises Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus OkMalumKoolKat: The case of an escape artist Music | 2017-01-30 00:00:00 Music | 2017-01-30 00:00:00 ANC plans 'constitutional revolution' on land Politics | 2017-02-03 00:00:00 Politics | 2017-02-03 00:00:00 Clubs down, it's time for footgolf Politics | 2017-02-03 13:17:00 Politics | 2017-02-03 13:17:00 LGBTI activists face uphill battle in getting churches to see the light National | 2017-01-24 00:00:00 National | 2017-01-24 00:00:00 Gordhan court bid rattles Guptas News | 2017-01-27 00:00:00 News | 2017-01-27 00:00:00 Most Read Client Media Releases Press OfficesAfroCentric HealthBarloworld LogisticsBoston City CampusCIO Council of South AfricaContinuitySACorporate TravellerDefencewebFaculty Training InstituteFCm Travel SolutionsFedGroup Financial ServicesFutureSenseGIBSHollardImperial LogisticsInternet SolutionsIpsosiStoreITWebJag MethodLime CapitalLottery ResultsKhulumani Support GroupMail and GuardianMandela Bay DevelopmentMiWayMiX TelematicsMessageLOUDMitelMTNNihilent TechnologiesNorth West UniversityOxbridge AcademyPragmaRosebank CollegeSANRALSAS InstituteSAP AfricaSentechSoarsoft InternationalTeraco Data EnvironmentsThe Innovation HubTiger BrandsVaal University of Technology iStore Introducing iStore Makers: the evolution of iPhoneography North West University NWU professor speaks at 4BIGT Ipsos Poll: South Africans disappointed by political leadership PRAGMA Kolosa Madikizela: Pragma's first female MD Vaal University of Technology Not just a career, but a true calling Hollard Hollard gives BI calculator away - free Want to publish your media releases here? Contact Us Story Tip-offs Legal Comments Guidelines Rate Card About Us Corrections And Clarifications Ethics & Social Media Policy Advertising Subscriptions All material © Mail & Guardian Online. Material may not be published or reproduced in any form without prior written permission. × Create Account | Lost Your Password? × Search
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Personal Finance Tags: mortgage | bond | whale | worried The Mortgage-Bond Whale That Everyone Is Suddenly Worried About  (DPC) Monday, 06 Feb 2017 08:59 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Almost a decade after it all began, the Federal Reserve is finally talking about unwinding its grand experiment in monetary policy. And when it happens, the knock-on effects in the bond market could pose a threat to the U.S. housing recovery. Just how big is hard to quantify. But over the past month, a number of Fed officials have openly discussed the need for the central bank to reduce its bond holdings, which it amassed as part of its unprecedented quantitative easing during and after the financial crisis. The talk has prompted some on Wall Street to suggest the Fed will start its drawdown as soon as this year, which has refocused attention on its $1.75 trillion stash of mortgage-backed securities. While the Fed also owns Treasuries as part of its $4.45 trillion of assets, its MBS holdings have long been a contentious issue, with some lawmakers criticizing the investments as beyond what’s needed to achieve the central bank’s mandate. Yet because the Fed is now the biggest source of demand for U.S. government-backed mortgage debt and owns a third of the market, any move is likely to boost costs for home buyers. In the past year alone, the Fed bought $387 billion of mortgage bonds just to maintain its holdings. Getting out of the bond-buying business as the economy strengthens could help lift 30-year mortgage rates past 6 percent within three years, according to Moody’s Analytics Inc. Unwinding QE “will be a massive and long-lasting hit” for the mortgage market, said Michael Cloherty, the head of U.S. interest-rate strategy at RBC Capital Markets. He expects the Fed to start paring its investments in the fourth quarter and ultimately dispose of all its MBS holdings. Unprecedented Buying Unlike Treasuries, the Fed rarely owned mortgage-backed securities before the financial crisis. Over the years, its purchases have been key in getting the housing market back on its feet. Along with near-zero interest rates, the demand from the Fed reduced the cost mortgage debt relative to Treasuries and encouraged banks to extend more loans to consumers. In a roughly two-year span that ended in 2014, the Fed increased its MBS holdings by about $1 trillion, which it has maintained by reinvesting its maturing debt. Since then, 30-year bonds composed of Fannie Mae-backed mortgages have only been about a percentage point higher than the average yield for five- and 10-year Treasuries, data compiled by Bloomberg show. That’s less than the spread during housing boom in 2005 and 2006. Talk of the Fed pulling back from the market has bond dealers anticipating that spreads will widen. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. sees the gap increasing 0.1 percentage point this year, while strategists from JPMorgan Chase & Co. say that once the Fed actually starts to slow its MBS reinvestments, the spread would widen at least 0.2 to 0.25 percentage points. “The biggest buyer is leaving the market, so there will be less demand for MBS,” said Marty Young, fixed-income analyst at Goldman Sachs. The firm forecasts the central bank will start reducing its holdings in 2018. That’s in line with a majority of bond dealers in the New York Fed’s December survey. The Fed, for its part, has said it will keep reinvesting until its tightening cycle is “well underway,” according to language that has appeared in every policy statement since December 2015. The range for its target rate currently stands at 0.5 percent to 0.75 percent. Mortgage Rates Mortgage rates have started to rise as the Fed moves to increase short-term borrowing costs. Rates for 30-year home loans surged to an almost three-year high of 4.32 percent in December. While rates have edged lower since, they’ve jumped more than three-quarters of a percentage point in just four months. The surge in mortgage rates is already putting a dent in housing demand. Sales of previously owned homes declined more than forecast in December, even as full-year figures were the strongest in a decade, according to data from the National Association of Realtors. People are starting to ask the question, “Gee, did I miss my opportunity here to get a low-rate mortgage?” said Tim Steffen, a financial planner at Robert W. Baird & Co. in Milwaukee. “I tell them that rates are still pretty low. But are rates going to go up? It certainly seems like they are.” Part of it, of course, has to do with the Fed simply raising interest rates as inflation perks up. Officials have long wanted to get benchmark borrowing costs off rock-bottom levels (another legacy of crisis-era policies) and back to levels more consist with a healthy economy. This year, the Fed has penciled in three additional quarter-point rate increases. The move to taper its investments has the potential to cause further tightening. Morgan Stanley estimates that a $325 billion reduction in the Fed’s MBS holdings from April 2018 through end of 2019 may have the same impact as nearly two additional rate increases. Finding other sources of demand won’t be easy either. Because of the Fed’s outsize role in the MBS market since the crisis, the vast majority of transactions are done by just a handful of dealers. What’s more, it’s not clear whether investors like foreign central banks and commercial banks can absorb all the extra supply -- at least without wider spreads. On the plus side, getting MBS back into the hands of private investors could help make the market more robust by increasing trading. Average daily volume has plunged more than 40 percent since the crisis, Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association data show. “Ending reinvestment will mean there are more bonds for the private sector to buy,” said Daniel Hyman, the co-head of the agency-mortgage portfolio management team at Pacific Investment Management Co. What’s more, it may give the central bank more flexibility to tighten policy, especially if President Donald Trump’s spending plans stir more economic growth and inflation. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said last month that he’d prefer to use the central bank’s holdings to do some of the lifting, echoing remarks by his Boston colleague Eric Rosengren. Nevertheless, the consequences for the U.S. housing market can’t be ignored. The “Fed has already hiked twice and the market is expecting” more, said Munish Gupta, a manager at Nara Capital, a new hedge fund being started by star mortgage trader Charles Smart. “Tapering is the next logical step.” © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Personal-Finance Almost a decade after it all began, the Federal Reserve is finally talking about unwinding its grand experiment in monetary policy. mortgage, bond, whale, worried 1064 Monday, 06 Feb 2017 08:59 AM 2017-59-06 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Apple, Google, Uber Join Fight Against Trump Travel Ban Monday, 06 Feb 2017 | 154 comments BOYCOTT THESE COMPANIES.... WSJ: US Companies Still Flock to Mexico Despite Trump Outrage Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 24 comments It makes good sense to move manufacturing to Mexico if you plan to sell... Kudlow: Trump Ban Isn't About Muslims or Business, 'It's About Terrorists' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 23 comments Actually, the travel restrictions are about keeping America SAFE!... Deutsche Bank: Trump Poised to Name China a 'Currency Manipulator' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 22 comments This is a free and competitive market and no one forces you to buy. Read... Gallup: Economic Confidence Index Hit New High as Trump Took Office Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 17 comments We finally got a good business man as president that actually cares about...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska James Hobson To Lead Attune, Data-Enabled Company Established by AIG, Hamilton Insurance Group and Two Sigma News provided by Hamilton Insurance Group Feb 06, 2017, 09:30 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Feb. 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Attune, the data-enabled company established by American International Group, Inc. (NYSE: AIG), Hamilton Insurance Group, Ltd. ("Hamilton"), and affiliates of Two Sigma Investments, LP ("Two Sigma"), today announced that James Hobson, Chief Operating Officer of OnDeck® (NYSE: ONDK), has accepted an offer to assume the position of Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Hobson, who will step down from his role at OnDeck on March 15, will be responsible for achieving Attune's goal of using data science and advanced technology to streamline the submission and insurance underwriting process to meet the needs of small businesses in the US. Continue Reading James Hobson to join Attune, data-enabled company established by AIG, Hamilton Insurance Company and Two Sigma "If it's possible to describe an appointment as a perfect fit, then James and Attune meet that description," said Attune Chairman Brian Duperreault. "His deep experience with using technology to enable the growth of small businesses aligns with our objective of making it easier for companies in that segment to get the protection they need to succeed. I look forward to working with James to make Attune's significant potential a reality." "I am honored to join the Attune team," said Mr. Hobson. "When three companies of the caliber of AIG, Hamilton and Two Sigma come together, you pay attention. Attune has already transformed how a small business owner's policy is issued, and I am excited to build upon this early success. I am humbled by the faith the Attune Board has in me and am looking forward to working with Attune team, Brian and the other members of the Board, and our partners, to transform the way small businesses access the insurance they need to protect and grow their operations." Mr. Hobson's career represents an array of experience in building and leading technology-enabled businesses. As COO of OnDeck, he oversaw the Company's development into the industry leader in online small business lending. His responsibilities included operations, product, analytics, credit, risk management, platform solutions and business development. Mr. Hobson played integral roles in stewarding OnDeck through an IPO in 2014 and launching OnDeck's landmark partnership with JP Morgan Chase in 2015. Before joining OnDeck, Mr. Hobson served as SVP, Technology Operations for iQor, Inc., a leading private equity-backed global business process outsourcing company. At iQor, he helped to build a platform for commercializing iQor's proprietary suite of business applications and managed a global technology team. Prior to iQor, Mr. Hobson co-founded BuyYourFriendADrink.com, which was sold to LivingSocial in 2009. Early in his career, he was a consultant at McKinsey & Company. Mr. Hobson holds a bachelor's degree in economics from Hamilton College, Clinton, New York, and a master's of business administration with high distinction from Harvard Business School, where he was chosen as a Baker Scholar. About Attune Attune leverages a state of the art, technology-enabled platform to streamline the development and distribution of insurance products for small commercial businesses. For more information, please contact Attune at hello@attuneinsurance.com. About AIG American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is a leading global insurance organization. Founded in 1919, today we provide a wide range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products and other financial services to customers in more than 100 countries and jurisdictions. Our diverse offerings include products and services that help businesses and individuals protect their assets, manage risks and provide for retirement security. AIG common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Additional information about AIG can be found at www.aig.com and www.aig.com/strategyupdate | YouTube: www.youtube.com/aig | Twitter: @AIGinsurance | LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/aig. These references with additional information about AIG have been provided as a convenience, and the information contained on such websites is not incorporated by reference into this press release. AIG is the marketing name for the worldwide property-casualty, life and retirement, and general insurance operations of American International Group, Inc. For additional information, please visit our website at www.aig.com. All products and services are written or provided by subsidiaries or affiliates of American International Group, Inc. Products or services may not be available in all countries, and coverage is subject to actual policy language. Non-insurance products and services may be provided by independent third parties. Certain property-casualty coverages may be provided by a surplus lines insurer. Surplus lines insurers do not generally participate in state guaranty funds, and insureds are therefore not protected by such funds. About Hamilton Insurance Group Hamilton Insurance Group is the Bermuda-based holding company for property and casualty insurance and reinsurance operations in Bermuda, the U.S. and at Lloyd's. The company leverages analytics and research to create underwriting and investment value for its clients and shareholders. For more information, please visit www.hamiltongroup.com | Twitter: @HamiltonInsures | LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/hamilton-insurance-group About Two Sigma Two Sigma is a technology company dedicated to finding value in the world's data. Since its founding in 2001, Two Sigma has built an innovative platform that combines extraordinary computing power, vast amounts of information, and advanced data science to produce breakthroughs in investment management, insurance and related fields. Today, Two Sigma manages approximately $41 billion in assets, employs more than 1,100 people and has offices in New York, Hong Kong, Houston and London. For more information, please visit www.twosigma.com. Media contact: Wendy Davis Johnson Wendy.davisjohnson@hamiltongroup.com or +1 441 707-5240 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/james-hobson-to-lead-attune-data-enabled-company-established-by-aig-hamilton-insurance-group-and-two-sigma-300402390.html SOURCE Hamilton Insurance Group Related Links http://www.hamiltongroup.com Jan 31, 2017, 10:00 ET Preview: Second Annual Insurance Careers Month Kicks Off as Initiative Goes Global My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 31, 2017, 10:00 ETSecond Annual Insurance Careers Month Kicks Off as Initiative... Dec 02, 2016, 11:45 ETInsurance Industry Leaders Reach Out To Young Insurance... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Banking & Financial Services Insurance Personnel Announcements You just read: James Hobson To Lead Attune, Data-Enabled Company Established by AIG, Hamilton Insurance Group and Two Sigma News provided by Hamilton Insurance Group Feb 06, 2017, 09:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today If Donald Trump Scales Back Financial Regulation, This Is What May Happen to Banks President Donald Trump's executive order calling for a review of the landmark 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform bill is creating fresh euphoria in banking stocks. Scott Gamm Feb 6, 2017 9:01 AM EST President Donald Trump's executive order calling for a review of the landmark 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reform bill is creating fresh euphoria in banking stocks like JPMorgan Chase (JPM) , Goldman Sachs (GS) , Bank of America (BAC) and Morgan Stanley (MS) . A report in The Wall Street Journal using RBC data showed that the aforementioned banks have billions of dollars in capital more than what regulators require. The report noted that the banks may be able to return this capital to shareholders should the Trump administration roll back some regulations. TheStreet's Scott Gamm speaks with Jasper Lawler, a senior market analyst at London Capital Group, based in London. If you liked this article you might like What Is FireEye? FireEye is known for its cybersecurity platform that can detect threats before they infiltrate a company's network perimeter. TheStreet Staff Feb 10, 2017 4:05 PM EST Meet the 3 Senior Bankers JPMorgan Just Hired to Fuel Growth in the South JPMorgan's commercial banking business has added 30 service regions since CEO Jamie Dimon acquired Washington Mutual during the 2008 financial crisis. James Langford Feb 10, 2017 9:46 AM EST Bonds Call the Tune Today, Not Stocks: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Thursday 2/9/17) When bond yields rise, the economy roars and it's game on for industrials, banks and retailers, says Jim Cramer. Scott Rutt Feb 10, 2017 6:06 AM EST All Three Major U.S. Stock Indices Are Now at Records -- Here's the Big Reason Why President Trump made more promises. Valerie Young Feb 9, 2017 6:40 PM EST Trending 10 Vehicles with the Best Resale Value in 2017 Airline Pilots to Trump: You Promised to Save American Jobs, Now Here's Your Chance 10 Highest-Paying Jobs in 2016 If All You Care About Is Money Get a First Look at the Dodge Demon -- It Will Probably Be the Fastest Muscle Car Ever at Over 900hp Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News AmeriGas Partners, L.P. to Issue Notes VALLEY FORGE, Pa.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–AmeriGas Partners, L.P. (NYSE: APU) (“AmeriGas Partners”) announced today that it and its wholly owned subsidiary, AmeriGas Finance Corp. (the “Co-Issuer”), intend to offer, subject to market and other conditions, $525,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2027 in a registered public offering. The net proceeds from the offering will be used to finance AmeriGas Partners’ tender offer for any and all of the outstanding 7.00% Senior Notes due 2022 and any remaining net proceeds will be used for general business purposes. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated are acting as joint book-running managers for the notes offering. This offering is being made under an effective shelf registration statement filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and this offering is being made only by means of a prospectus supplement for this offering and a related base prospectus dated June 20, 2016. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the prospectus supplement and the related base prospectus may also be obtained by contacting: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717 or by calling 866-803-9204. This announcement is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any note in any jurisdiction in which such an offer or solicitation, or the sale of these notes, would be unlawful without registration or qualification under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. About AmeriGas Partners AmeriGas Partners is the nation’s largest retail propane marketer, serving approximately 1.9 million residential, commercial, industrial, agricultural, wholesale and motor fuel customers in all 50 states from approximately 1,900 propane distribution locations. UGI Corporation, through subsidiaries, is the sole General Partner and owns 26% of AmeriGas Partners and the public owns the remaining 74%. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains certain forward-looking statements that management believes to be reasonable as of today’s date only. Actual results may differ significantly because of risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond management’s control. You should read AmeriGas Partners’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more extensive list of factors that could affect results. Among them are adverse weather conditions, cost volatility and availability of propane, increased customer conservation measures, the capacity to transport propane to our market areas, the impact of pending and future legal proceedings, liability for uninsured claims and for claims in excess of insurance coverage, political, economic and regulatory conditions in the U.S. and abroad, our ability to successfully integrate acquisitions and achieve anticipated synergies, and the interruption, disruption, failure, malfunction, or breach of our information technology systems, including due to cyber-attack. AmeriGas Partners undertakes no obligation to release revisions to its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after today. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsattack, base, Books, Business, commission, general, Legal, Markets, Nation, Technology, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Laser Engraving Machines Sales Market Analysis and Forecast 2021 Next PostNext VMware Helps AeroData Take Flight with Enhanced Security and Application Continuity Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Mohawk Industries legt Rekordergebnisse für viertes Quartal und Gesamtjahr vor progeCAD US launches new website: Aims to make CAD more accessible than ever  Mineral Supplements Market, Analysis, Size, Growth and Forecast to 2020 Disney’s “Ride Archive” Promises VR Simulations of Lost Attractions CredentialingSpectrum, A HIPAA Compliant, Secured & Cloud Based Complete Medical Credentialing Softw Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Grupo Simec SAB de CV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Simec SAB de CV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Grupo Simec SAB de CV (NYSE:SIM) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Grupo Simec, S.A, de C.V. is the leading mini-mill steel producer in Mexico and manufactures a broad range of non-flat structural steel products and is also among Mexico’s lowest cost producers of extruded aluminum products. “ Separately, J P Morgan Chase & Co cut Grupo Simec SAB de CV from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Shares of Grupo Simec SAB de CV (NYSE:SIM) opened at 14.0475 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $13.84 and a 200-day moving average of $10.68. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.27 billion and a P/E ratio of 19.0863. Grupo Simec SAB de CV has a 12-month low of $6.01 and a 12-month high of $15.20. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/grupo-simec-sab-de-cv-sim-cut-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Susquehanna International Group LLP boosted its stake in shares of Grupo Simec SAB de CV by 0.4% in the third quarter. Susquehanna International Group LLP now owns 24,974 shares of the company’s stock valued at $231,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. World Asset Management Inc boosted its stake in shares of Grupo Simec SAB de CV by 7.6% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 10,881 shares of the company’s stock valued at $101,000 after buying an additional 772 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Jane Street Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Grupo Simec SAB de CV by 49.7% in the third quarter. Jane Street Group LLC now owns 35,162 shares of the company’s stock valued at $326,000 after buying an additional 11,667 shares during the last quarter. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Grupo Simec SAB de CV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Simec SAB de CV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Snap-On Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Snap-On Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 Countrywide PLC (CWD) Receives GBX 207.13 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cincinnati Bell Inc (CBB) Receives $20.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) PT at $16.60 Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Receives $177.91 Average Target Price from Brokerages Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Regal Beloit Corporation (RBC) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Pioneer Natural Resources Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PXD) Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.11 Per Share, Williams Capital Forecasts Snap-On Incorporated (SNA) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Snap-On Incorporated (NYSE:SNA) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report report published on Tuesday. Zacks Investment Research currently has $203.00 target price on the stock. According to Zacks, “Snap-On has registered an excellent earnings surprise history over the trailing four quarters, beating estimates all through. Over the past three months, Snap-on’s share performance was marginally outperformed the Zacks categorized Tools-Hand Held industry average. Snap-On is committed to its RCI program, designed to enhance organizational effectiveness and minimize costs. This program has been instrumental in fuelling sales, margins and savings in the recent quarters. Also, the company has devised a comprehensive blueprint to drive long-run growth, which focuses on enhancing franchise network, expanding footprint in vehicle repair garage & vital industries, and penetrating emerging markets. Solid prospects across business segments, diversified portfolio and impressive traction of the newly launched products, look promising. However, sluggish oil market activities and high currency fluctuation risks raise concerns.” Shares of Snap-On (NYSE:SNA) opened at 169.78 on Tuesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $174.81 and a 200 day moving average of $161.29. Snap-On has a 12-month low of $133.09 and a 12-month high of $181.73. The firm has a market cap of $9.85 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.95 and a beta of 1.06. Snap-On (NYSE:SNA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $2.47 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $2.41 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $889.80 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $884.09 million. Snap-On had a net margin of 15.93% and a return on equity of 20.89%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 4.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $2.22 earnings per share. Equities research analysts anticipate that Snap-On will post $9.14 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/snap-on-incorporated-sna-rating-increased-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, VP Constance Johnsen sold 4,833 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $163.54, for a total value of $790,388.82. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 2,698 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $441,230.92. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Thomas L. Kassouf sold 20,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $168.09, for a total transaction of $3,361,800.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 45,542 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,655,154.78. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 50,889 shares of company stock valued at $8,578,934 in the last ninety days. 3.40% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Snap-On by 39.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,149,833 shares of the company’s stock valued at $630,609,000 after buying an additional 1,166,037 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in shares of Snap-On by 4.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,879,662 shares of the company’s stock valued at $285,633,000 after buying an additional 75,446 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Snap-On by 27.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,406,821 shares of the company’s stock valued at $213,780,000 after buying an additional 306,429 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Snap-On by 3.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 946,099 shares of the company’s stock valued at $143,769,000 after buying an additional 27,253 shares during the period. Finally, FMR LLC increased its position in shares of Snap-On by 31.5% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 850,151 shares of the company’s stock valued at $134,171,000 after buying an additional 203,722 shares during the period. 88.60% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Snap-On Company Profile Snap-On Incorporated is a manufacturer and marketer of tools, equipment, diagnostics, repair information and systems solutions for professional users. The Company’s segments include Commercial & Industrial Group, the Snap-on Tools Group, the Repair Systems & Information Group and Financial Services. Its Commercial & Industrial Group segment consists of business operations serving a range of industrial and commercial customers across the world. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Snap-On (SNA) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Snap-On Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Snap-On Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Latest News Dow 20,269 +96.97 +0.48% Nasdaq 5,734 +18.95 +0.33% S&P 500 2,316 +8.23 +0.36% 2/10 Updated Trump may be playing with fire by only getting 4 to 5 hours sleep every night 2/10 Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. 2/10 Russia considers returning Snowden to U.S. as ‘gift’ to Trump: report 2/10 Updated You’ll be smarter about money if you follow these Twitter accounts 2/10 Trump says he is considering new executive order on immigration 2/10 Updated What the average American wedding looks like -- and costs 2/10 Iranians Vilify Trump in Rally Celebrating 1979 Revolution 2/10 Updated This little-noticed phenomenon could make stock picking great again 2/10 Updated Of course actors should freely express political opinions, says actor 2/10 Updated This money-making market bubble is about to burst 2/10 Dan Loeb took new stakes in J.P. Morgan, B. of A. and dumped Allergan 2/10 Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Updated Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain 2/10 Why iPhone Singles Pass on Dating Android Users 2/10 Updated Do Trump supporters have a breaking point? 2/10 Updated Treasury yields post a weekly decline as worries about geopolitics weigh 2/10 Trump and Japan's Abe Talk Economics and North Korea 2/10 Why more unmarried couples are buying homes and how to win an Oscar 2/10 Why people are delaying filing their taxes this year 2/10 Trump rally as much about real economy as hopes for stimulus Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Major U.S. stock indexes end at record high for second straight day Home Press Release Joseph Gilliam to Join Glaukos Corporation as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development By Published: Feb 6, 2017 7:00 a.m. ET Share Former J.P. Morgan Healthcare Investment Banking Veteran to Join Glaukos in May, Replacing the Company’s Retiring CFO, Richard Harrison SAN CLEMENTE, Calif., Feb 06, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Glaukos Corporation GKOS, -1.09% an ophthalmic medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of breakthrough products and procedures designed to transform the treatment of glaucoma, today announced that Joseph E. Gilliam will join the company as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Corporate Development in May 2017. Mr. Gilliam will replace the company’s current Chief Financial Officer Richard Harrison, who is retiring later in 2017. Mr. Gilliam joins Glaukos from J.P. Morgan, where he was Managing Director in the Healthcare Investment Banking Group and focused on the life sciences industry, including the medical technology, diagnostics and biotechnology sectors. Since 2000, Mr. Gilliam has held various positions of increasing responsibility at J.P. Morgan, Chase Manhattan and The Beacon Group, prior to these firms being combined in 2001. Mr. Gilliam began his career in the audit services division of PricewaterhouseCoopers in 1998. He holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting from the Kelly School of Business at Indiana University, Bloomington. Over the course of his nearly 20-year career, Mr. Gilliam has gained broad experience across capital markets, strategic advisory and other banking services. He also has significant experience in ophthalmology, having executed numerous medical device and biotechnology transactions, including leading the Glaukos initial public offering (IPO) for J.P. Morgan in June 2015. “Joe brings an extensive range of healthcare experience, financial acumen and market perspective to our organization and we believe his contributions will be invaluable to Glaukos as we continue to expand our business and implement our growth strategies,” said Thomas Burns, Glaukos President and Chief Executive Officer. “In addition, we are extremely grateful to Rich for his many contributions and years of dedicated leadership at Glaukos, as well as his willingness to postpone retirement for several more months to assist in a smooth and orderly transition of his responsibilities.” Mr. Harrison, who has been the company’s Chief Financial Officer since January 2008, will remain with Glaukos in a transitional advisory role to Mr. Gilliam. Mr. Harrison notified the company in July 2016 of his plan to retire in 2017 in order to dedicate more time to family and personal interests. “Joining Glaukos represents an extraordinary opportunity for me to be part of a dynamic and pioneering company that is deploying truly disruptive technologies that benefit practitioners, patients and the healthcare system,” said Mr. Gilliam. “Moreover, having worked closely with Glaukos in recent years, I have gained tremendous respect for the organization and am honored to join such a talented, committed and cohesive senior leadership team.” About Glaukos Glaukos (www.glaukos.com) is an ophthalmic medical technology company focused on the development and commercialization of breakthrough products and procedures designed to transform the treatment of glaucoma, one of the world’s leading causes of blindness. The company pioneered Micro-Invasive Glaucoma Surgery, or MIGS, to revolutionize the traditional glaucoma treatment and management paradigm. Glaukos launched the iStent [®] , its first MIGS device, in the United States in July 2012 and is leveraging its platform technology to build a comprehensive and proprietary portfolio of micro-scale injectable therapies designed to address the complete range of glaucoma disease states and progression. The company believes the iStent, measuring 1.0 mm long and 0.33 mm wide, is the smallest medical device ever approved by the FDA. Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical facts included in this press release that address activities, events or developments that we expect, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for forward-looking statements contained herein, we caution you that they are based on current expectations about future events affecting us and are subject to risks, uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements in this press release. These potential risks and uncertainties include, without limitations, our ability to continue to pioneer the worldwide development and expansion of MIGS and products for the treatment of glaucoma. These risks, uncertainties and factors are described in detail under the caption “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available in the Investor Section of our website at www.glaukos.com or at www.sec.gov. In addition, information about the risks and benefits of our products is available on our website at www.glaukos.com. All forward-looking statements included in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements in this press release, which speak only as of the date hereof. We do not undertake any obligation to update, amend or clarify these forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities law. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170206005205/en/ SOURCE: Glaukos Corporation Glaukos Corporation Media Contact: Cassandra Dump (619) 971-1887 cassy@pascalecommunications.com or Investor Contact: Sheree Aronson VP, Investor Relations (949) 367-9600 ext 371 saronson@glaukos.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References GKOS -0.49 -1.09% Most Popular Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq book records, log 3rd straight weekly gain Trump administration begins immigration raids across the U.S. Amazon.com takes aim at Victoria’s Secret with its own $10 bras Beastly Nvidia earnings beaten by burden of high expectations Marijuana tax revenue hit $200 million in Colorado as sales pass $1 billion MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Glaukos Corp. U.S.: NYSE: GKOS $44.59 -0.49 (-1.09%) Volume 301.2K Open $45.13 High $45.35 Low $44.59 P/E Ratio 891.8 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.5B LatestNews
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Versartis Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Versartis Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Insider Selling: Versartis, Inc. (VSAR) Insider Sells $233,490.40 in Stock February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Versartis, Inc. (NASDAQ:VSAR) insider Jay Shepard sold 17,270 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $13.52, for a total transaction of $233,490.40. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 220,058 shares in the company, valued at $2,975,184.16. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Jay Shepard also recently made the following trade(s): On Thursday, February 2nd, Jay Shepard sold 24,211 shares of Versartis stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $13.77, for a total transaction of $333,385.47. Versartis, Inc. (NASDAQ:VSAR) opened at 14.10 on Monday. The company’s market cap is $490.61 million. The company has a 50-day moving average of $15.03 and a 200-day moving average of $12.91. Versartis, Inc. has a 52 week low of $6.17 and a 52 week high of $16.55. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Insider Selling: Versartis, Inc. (VSAR) Insider Sells $233,490.40 in Stock” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/insider-selling-versartis-inc-vsar-insider-sells-233490-40-in-stock.html. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in VSAR. Aisling Capital LLC increased its stake in Versartis by 10.7% in the third quarter. Aisling Capital LLC now owns 2,524,465 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $30,925,000 after buying an additional 244,897 shares during the period. Baker BROS. Advisors LP acquired a new stake in Versartis during the third quarter valued at $26,145,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Versartis by 6.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,151,924 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $14,111,000 after buying an additional 73,899 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Versartis by 35.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 856,524 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $9,473,000 after buying an additional 225,561 shares during the period. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in Versartis by 3.5% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 689,449 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $7,626,000 after buying an additional 23,507 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 69.98% of the company’s stock. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $22.00 target price on shares of Versartis and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, January 21st. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Versartis from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. assumed coverage on shares of Versartis in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. They issued a “buy” rating and a $25.00 target price on the stock. Canaccord Genuity set a $28.00 target price on shares of Versartis and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 9th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group raised shares of Versartis from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $11.00 to $20.00 in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $22.50. About Versartis Versartis, Inc is an endocrine-focused biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing long-acting recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH), somavaratan (VRS-317), for growth hormone deficiency (GHD), an orphan disease. The Company’s product pipeline includes VRS-317 and XTEN Technology. Receive News & Ratings for Versartis Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Versartis Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > JPMorgan Chase 2017 Investor Day JPMorgan Chase 2017 Investor Day Thursday, 2 February 2017 (1 week ago) NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) will host an Investor Day in New York City with presentations given by Jamie Dimon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and members of executive management on Tuesday, February 28, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern). The presentations, including a question and answer session, are expected to conclude at approximately 3:30 p.m. (Eastern). The general public can access the conference by dialing the followin » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Press Releases Ebates VALENTINE’s Day Survey: Dinner, Gifts and Flowers Are Top VALENTINE’s Day Gift Choices Natixis Global Asset Management Appoints David Giunta President and CEO for the U.S. and CANADA AIG to Present at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch 2017 INSURANCE Conference HFF Arranges $108 Million in Joint Venture Equity for the Acquisition and Recapitalization of CALIFORNIA Industrial Assets The World’s Smartest Cities: Singapore, New York, Barcelona, Oslo, LONDON & San Francisco, According to Unacast’s Latest Proximity.Directory Report (Formerly Proxbook) JACKSONVILLE UNIVERSITY and OCEARCH Announce Partnership to Promote Scientific Research and Experiential Learning FUSION and The Root Join Forces with the Peabody Media Center to Celebrate BLACK HISTORY MONTH OHB SE: NASA Space Launch System: MT Aerospace awarded further contracts by BOEING Watch the PAKISTAN SUPER LEAGUE 2017/PSL LIVE on CricketGateway.com The Sheraton OKLAHOMA CITY Downtown Hotel to host Family Dinner at the Children’s Hospital. Twitter Facebook Page People Ivanka Trump Barack Obama Donald Trump Jacob Zuma Betsy DeVos Current Topics Marlins Afghanistan Amal Clooney Eiffel Tower Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Fold Up Your Glasses - 3D TV Is Dead Madonna Set To Adopt Two More Malawian Children Is Theresa May Making Fun Of Donald Trump? MOVIE REVIEW: Hidden Figures The NES Mini Has Outsold The Wii U - Time To Change The Game? MOVIE REVIEW: The LEGO Batman Movie Arnie Wants To Swap Jobs With Trump. The Donald's Not Happy About It: 5 Movies That Are Getting Made - For Better Or For Worse Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Columnists SP Angel Today's Market View - Medusa Mining Limited, Savannah Resources Plc, Strategic Minerals Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 10:49 06 Feb 2017 SP Angel, Mon Medusa Mining (ASX:MML) – DENR mine audit update Savannah Resources (LON:SAV) – Metallurgical assays on the Oman copper project Strategic Minerals* (LON:SML) – Interest in Cornwal Resources increased to 50% Gold is holding on to its Friday gains after a weaker than expected increase in job earnings that saw chances of a Mar Fed rate increase coming down slightly. • The US$ index is little changed today following a marginal decline on Friday which marked a sixth weekly decline. • Oil is up 0.2% trading around $57/bbl after capping three weekly gains on Friday on the back of the news of OPEC reaching c.60% of its planned production cuts and the US imposing new sanctions on Iran. • Iron ore prices continued to slide amid reports of record high inventories at Chinese ports (c. 124mt) as well as weak steel prices. • Rebar inventories are estimated at 6.9mt, the highest mark since Apr/19, according to Shanghai Steelhome data. • Shipments of iron ore from the Australia’s Port Hedland hit record high for Jan with 40.3mt exported in the first month of 2017. • Numbers are likely to would have been higher if not for a 18 hour stoppage last month amid a tropical storm warning. • The port posted record shipments of 478.9mt in 2016, up 7.3%yoy, including a record high month of 43.9mt in Dec. Global economic activity hit the strongest rate in 22 months in Jan led by higher production, new orders and business sentiment, JPMorgan/Markit PMIs showed. • Although the data does not include a number of Asian nations’ numbers including ones for China. • Services sector growth climbed to a 17-month high more than compensating for a slight decline in manufacturing expansion pace. • “The global economy looks well set to  build on this solid start during the remainder of the quarter,” the report read. • Input price increases were recorded at both manufacturers and services providers with output charges climbing for the 11th consecutive month. Dow Jones Industrials  +0.94% at 20,071  Nikkei 225   +0.31% at 18,977  HK Hang Seng   +0.91% at 23,339  Shanghai Composite    +0.54% at 3,157  FTSE 350 Mining   -3.22% at 16,293 AIM Basic Resources   -0.14% at 2,560  Economic News US – Headline employment numbers beat estimates; although, earnings growth underperformed. • Given a slower than expected wage growth despite a strong growth in jobs created suggests there is more slack in the labour market and supports the Fed case for a gradual monetary tightening. • The US$ index dropped and gold prices jumped post the release of payroll numbers. • “Three rate increases, like I said, it’s a reasonable guess, a reasonable perspective to have as a base case… But honestly, I think there’s a lot of potential that this economy is going to perhaps get more of a boost than the base case,” San Francisco President John Williams said in Friday interview to Bloomberg News. China – Following weaker manufacturing PMI data released on Friday, services sector numbers also showed slowing growth momentum in Jan. • Although the Dec services PMI did mark a 45-month high. • “New business (in the services segment) continued to grow rapidly, though at a marginally slower rate than in the previous month; while input and output charges increased at faster rates,” Markit said. • “The economy is unlikely to maintain the pace of expansion seen in the fourth quarter of last year… China’s economic growth may decelerate after the first quarter of this year.” • Caixin/Markit Manufacturing PMI (released on Friday): 51.0 v 51.9 in Nov and 51.8 forecast. • Caixin/Markit Services PMI: 53.1 v 53.4 in Nov. • Caixin/Markit Composite PMI: 52.2 v 53.5 in Nov. Germany – Factory orders hit the highest level since the Eurozone crisis in 2011 in Dec summing up a year which demonstrated the strongest growth in five years. • Factory orders (%yoy): 8.1 v 2.0 (revised from 3.0) in Nov and 4.2 forecast. Currencies US$1.0758/eur vs 1.0759/eur last week.   Yen 112.67/$ vs 113.14/$.   SAr 13.270/$ vs 13.435/$.   $1.248/gbp vs $1.253/gbp.   0.766/aud vs 0.765/aud.   CNY 6.863/$ vs 6.871/$. Commodity News Precious metals:          Gold US$1,223/oz vs US$1,213/oz last week    Gold ETFs 57.4moz vs US$57.2moz last week Platinum US$1,007/oz vs US$994/oz last week Palladium US$760/oz vs US$750/oz last week Silver US$17.57/oz vs US$17.34/oz last week             Base metals:    Copper US$ 5,785/t vs US$5,823/t last week Aluminium US$ 1,826/t vs US$1,823/t last week Nickel US$ 10,330/t vs US$10,160/t last week Zinc US$ 2,760/t vs US$2,773/t last week Lead US$ 2,310/t vs US$2,291/t last week Tin US$ 19,700/t vs US$19,845/t last week             Energy:            Oil US$57.0/bbl vs US$57.1/bbl last week Natural Gas US$3.066/mmbtu vs US$3.135/mmbtu last week Uranium US$25.75/lb vs          US$25.25/lb last week             Bulk:    Iron ore 62% Fe spot (cfr Tianjin) US$78.0/t vs US$77.5/t Chinese steel rebar 25mm US$502.8/t vs US$499.7/t Thermal coal (1st year forward cif ARA) US$66.7/t vs US$68.2/t last week Premium hard coking coal Aus fob US$167.8/t vs US$167.7/t Other: Tungsten - APT European prices $196-205/mtu vs $194-200/mtu Company News Medusa Mining (ASX:MML) A$0.4, Mkt Cap A$87m – DENR mine audit update • Philsaga Mining Corp, a Philippines based subsidiary holding mining permits to Co-O operations, is not on the audited list of companies recommended for closure or suspension. • Operations have been audited by the Department of Environmental and Natural Resources (DENR) in early Aug/16 as part of the industry-wide review launched in Jul/16. • Co-O operations are reported to have been unaffected by the review. Savannah Resources (LON:SAV) 6.1p, Mkt Cap £28m – Metallurgical assays on the Oman copper project • The Company completed preliminary metallurgical tests on the Mahab 4 copper deposit located in Oman and estimated to host 1.51mt at 2.1% Cu in JORC compliant Inferred Resources. • Study looked at a standard copper floatation circuit with results based on Mahab 4 master composite containing 4.38% Cu. • Sulphide mineralisation is predominantly pyrite, chalcopyrite (the sole copper bearing mineral) with minor amounts of sphalerite (a zinc containing sulphide mineral). • The liberation size of chalcopyrite was estimated at 50 microns with a reground concentrate to 38 microns yielding over 90% recoveries and suggesting a potential for a >23% Cu saleable concentrate production with gold and silver by-products. • The presence of sphalerite will require zinc depression during floatation to keep zinc grade in the concentrate below 3% Zn. • Further work regarding a potential to recover zinc without affecting copper grades and recoveries is required. • Rock hardness tests showed the processed ore to be relatively soft. • Additional test work is currently being carried with a view to optimise the process flowsheet and improve recoveries and copper concentrate grades. Strategic Minerals* (LON:SML) 0.6p, Mkt Cap £7m – Interest in Cornwal Resources increased to 50% • The Company completed the subscription to 248,864 shares of Cornwall Resources (CRL) for £844k (£3.39/share). • This brings total number of shares owned by the SML in the JV with New Age Exploration to 309,838 shares or 50%. • Additional funds will see Cornwall Resources commencing a two-stage drilling programme aimed at expanding the current resource at the Redmoor tin/tungsten project. • “We look forward to updating the market on the drilling programme in the first quarter of 2017,” the Company said. *SP Angel act as Nomad and joint broker to Strategic Minerals alongside Optiva Securities SP Angel Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version DISCLAIMER This note has been issued by SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP (“SP Angel”) in order to promote its investment services. This information is a marketing communication for the purpose of the European Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID) and FCA’s Rules. It has not been prepared in accordance with the legal requirements designed to promote the independence or objectivity of investment research. This document is not based upon detailed analysis by SP Angel of any market; issuer or security named herein and does not constitute a formal research recommendation, either expressly or otherwise. The value of investments contained herein may go up or down. Where investment is made in currencies other than the base currency of the investment, movements in exchange rates will have an effect on the value, either favourable or unfavourable. Securities issued in emerging markets are typically subject to greater volatility and risk of loss. This note is confidential and is being supplied to you solely for your information and may not be reproduced, redistributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other person or published in whole or in part, for any purpose. Neither the information nor the opinions expressed herein constitutes, or is to be construed as, an offer or invitation or other solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell investments. This information is for the sole use of Eligible Counterparties and Professional Customers only and is not intended for Retail Clients, as defined by the rules of the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and  subject to SP Angel’s Terms of Business as published or communicated to clients from time to time. It is not investment advice and does not take into account the investment objectives and policies, financial position or portfolio composition of any recipient. This document should not to be relied upon as authoritative or taken in substitution for the exercise of you own commercial judgment. SP Angel is not responsible for any errors, omissions or for the results obtained from the use of the information in this document. This document has been prepared on the basis of economic data, trading patterns, actual market news and events, and is only valid on the date of publication. SP Angel does not make any guarantee, representation or warranty, (either expressly or implied), as to the factual accuracy, completeness, or sufficiency of information contained herein. This document has been prepared by the author based upon information sources believed to be reliable and prepared in good faith. SP Angel, its partners, officers and or employees may own or have positions in any investment(s) mentioned herein or related thereto and may, from time to time add to, or dispose of, any such investment(s). SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP is a company registered in England and Wales with company number OC317049 and whose registered office address is Prince Frederick House, 35-39 Maddox Street, London W1S 2PP.  SP Angel Corporate Finance LLP  is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority whose address is 25, The North Colonnade, Canary Wharf, London E14 5HS and is a Member of the London Stock Exchange plc. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help SP Angel www.spangel.co.uk SP Angel combines the focus, flexibility and creativity of a boutique with the expertise of a global investment bank UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business» Business Briefing ‘Sheer cussedness’ of the Canadian dollar confounds analysts Add to ... Subscribers Only Michael Babad The Globe and Mail Published Monday, Feb. 06, 2017 5:36AM EST Last updated Monday, Feb. 06, 2017 11:22AM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn X To continue reading this article, you must be a Globe Unlimited subscriber. Don't stop here. Go unlimited. A Globe Unlimited subscription also gives you: Full access to all our award-winning news articles and exclusive features Access and availability on all devices and platforms Real-time Stock Quotes that remove the 15-minute stock price delay on all Canadian stock portals Reuters Financial News providing key insights from the world's best economies and markets newsroom Subscribe to Globe Unlimited now! Already a print newspaper subscriber? Click here to get full access to Globe Unlimited. Already a Globe Unlimited subscriber? Log in to keep reading. Keep me logged in I forgot my password No Thanks Briefing highlights The ‘sheer cussedness’ of the loonie Council urges higher retirement age What to watch for this week How Super Bowl ads scored Toyota raises profit outlook Loonie's resilience Analysts are somewhat amazed by the “sheer cussedness” of a Canadian dollar now worth more than 76 cents (U.S.). Some don’t understand why the loonie isn’t sinking as they’d expected, and wonder if markets are “complacent” given the threat to Canadian trade from the young Trump administration. “The resilience of CAD continues to confound our expectations,” said Paul Meggyesi of JPMorgan Chase, citing the “sheer cussedness” of the currency, which he referred to by its symbol. But for a dip a couple of weeks ago, when Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz knocked it down by saying an interest rate cut was still a possibility, the loonie has fared much better than other currencies. THE GLOBE AND MAIL » SOURCE: QUANDL “Indeed, the Canadian dollar is the second-best performing major currency since the U.S. election … seemingly at odds with the rising downside risk to Canada’s economy stemming from a more protectionist stance by the Trump administration,” said Toronto-Dominion Bank senior economist Leslie Preston. “The loonie has had a helping hand from firmer oil prices, but markets may be somewhat complacent about the potential impact from any thickening of the U.S. border.” Looked at another way, the Canadian dollar has now “bounced back more aggressively than any other currency as a proportion of its initial post-election selloff,” JPMorgan’s Mr. Meggyesi said in a report. “CAD is now fairly valued on a short-run model basis, which in our view will be difficult to sustain, both in view of the potential collateral economic damage Canada will sustain from the now inevitable renegotiation of NAFTA and also because of the BoC’s easing bias, which is not adequately reflected in rate market pricing (and that easing bias is a direct consequence of the currency which BoC believes is inappropriately strong).” What he means by that is that markets are underestimating the possibility of Mr. Poloz and his central bank colleagues cutting their already low benchmark rate to offset the impact of the loonie’s recent strength. The central bank has bemoaned the fact that the loonie had been dragged higher along with the U.S. dollar against other currencies after the election, though the greenback has lost some ground of late. Remember, Mr. Poloz is counting on a lower currency to help boost Canadian exports. “The loonie touched its best level since early September [last] week, despite Governor Poloz’s best efforts to talk the currency down,” noted BMO Nesbitt Burns senior economist Benjamin Reitzes. At this point, though, we’re not likely to see any real action from Mr. Poloz, other than “jawboning,” unless the loonie were to head back toward the 80-cent mark, which “might be a bit more jarring for the bank and could warrant a meaningful forecast downgrade,” Mr. Reitzes said. “That would open the door a little wider to possible easing, though it’s clear Poloz doesn’t want to cut rates again at the moment,” he added. “Bottom Line: The resilient loonie is causing trouble for the BoC. While we continue to look for the Canadian dollar to soften through 2017, that dynamic may take a bit longer to evolve than anticipated.” More on this topic David Parkinson: Why Poloz needs to shout louder to talk down loonie Scott Barlow: Loonie caught in 'Trump trade' dilemma Fears mount that world on cusp of trade-currency war But what if the loonie doesn't tumble? The loonie's inexplicable bump Loonie rallies as Trump's 'guns of Navarro' knock U.S. dollar Ian McGugan: Trade isn't a contest, Mr. Trump Why Trump would never build a wall across Canada Joanna Slater: Tensions flare over proposed wall tax Campbell Clark: Trump's tactic for NAFTA? Creating chaos Everything you (and Trump) should know about U.S. trade threats Rachelle Younglai: 'Border tax' threatens exports Council urges higher retirement age The federal council on economic growth says Canadians should be encouraged to delay retirement by raising the eligibility age for Old Age Security and the Canada Pension Plan as a way of boosting labour force participation. The proposal is just one of many significant policy changes that the panel recommends as a way of boosting economic growth and preparing Canada for an era of dramatic change in the way Canadians work, The Globe and Mail’s Bill Curry and Sean Silcoff report. While some of the ideas, such as as raising the eligibility age for OAS and CPP, run counter to the current position of the federal Liberals, many of the other proposals are in line with the government’s goals or are likely to find a home in some form in the upcoming federal budget. More on this topic Bill Curry, Sean Silcoff: Council urges higher retirement age What to watch for this week It’s going to be a busy-ish few days that include a look at the latest trade numbers, which will be interesting given the Trump administration’s focus on trade and currencies. Analysts are divided over what to expect from Statistics Canada’s Tuesday report on the merchandise trade balance in December. There are some suggestions Canada could plunge back into a trade deficit, though many observers expect to see a surplus of about $300-million, shy of November’s $500-million. BMO’s Mr. Reitzes, however, expects the surplus to swell to $1-billion, which would be the best showing since mid-2014. “The Canadian dollar was slightly firmer in the month, but not enough to meaningfully impact trade,” Mr. Reitzes said. “We’ll be watching export volumes closely as usual, to see if exporters can build on the 3.9-per-cent surge recorded in November,” he added. Tuesday also brings the U.S. trade report, and it will be interesting to see what Mr. Trump has to say about another deficit that economists expect will come in at about $45-billion (U.S.) for December. Friday morning brings everyone’s favourite punching bag, Statistics Canada’s monthly jobs report, this one for January. It’s a favourite target because the numbers bounce around so much, and economists oft question the results. Regardless, economists expect to see that Canada lost about 10,000 jobs in January, with an unemployment rate at 6.9 per cent. It’s also a big week for corporate earnings. Some of the biggies: Tyson Foods Inc., BP PLC, General Motors Corp., Heroux-Devtek Inc., Mosaic Co., Walt Disney Co., WestJet Airlines Ltd., Allergan PLC, GlaxoSmithKline PLC, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., Rio Tinto PLC, Suncor Energy Inc., Tesla Motors Inc., Time Warner Inc., Agrium Inc., Cameco Corp., Canaccord Genuity Group Inc., Canfor Corp., Coca-Cola Co., Domtar Corp., Great-West Lifeco Inc., Kellogg Co., Manulife Financial Corp., MEG Energy Corp., Telus Corp., Thomson Reuters Corp., TransCanada Corp., Twitter Inc., Viacom Inc., Hydro One Ltd. and IGM Financial Inc. More on this topic Follow our investor calendar Other news Super Bowl ads score eyeballs with political football Ithaca gets friendly takeover bid fro Delek Toyota raises full-year profit outlook Streetwise Andrew Willis: Sunshine Silver Mining tries to hit paydirt ROB Insight Barrie McKenna: Predicting what Trump will do next: Is there a model for that? Inside the Market Gordon Pape: Think last week was volatile? You ain't seen nothing yet In case you missed it Christine Dobby: CRTC to review wireless code of conduct Report Typo/Error Follow Michael Babad on Twitter: @michaelbabad Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Trump offers to 'destroy career' of Texas lawmaker Report on Business This is the Bombardier aircraft that Ottawa just backed with an interest-free loan Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking Globe Drive BMW M cars not plush, powerful or special enough? You want Alpina News New Zealand races to save hundreds of beached whales News Winter storm blows into Halifax News Trudeau says Trump meeting will focus on 'shared approach' Life Dresses made of candy at Brussels chocolate fair Video Watch as newborn tiger cubs make debut at Cincinnati Zoo Life Elephants in northern India get jumbo jumpers to stay warm Report on Business Am I paying my investment adviser too much? Life No more 'Mr Tough Guy': Endurance race run for last time after thirty years ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Workers in the ‘gig’ economy face challenges in saving for retirement Report on Business Marijuana industry searches for large spaces to grow crops More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Sweet for seniors – rental properties with central locations and perks Arts Author Bharati Mukherjee wrote of immigrant lives Most popular How long can Calgary’s housing market hang on? Feb. 11: Your daily horoscope Has Premier Christy Clark had her enough’s enough scandal? Jailing Will Baker for being sick would be another act of cruelty Donald Trump’s battle with the courts has only just begun X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Singapore stocks end up 0.49 pct 2017-02-06 09:59:48 GMT2017-02-06 17:59:48(Beijing Time) Xinhua English by Tan Shih Ming SINGAPORE， Feb. 6 (Xinhua) -- Singapore shares closed 0.49 percent higher on Monday， buoyed by rise in U.S. stocks after the release of job data and banks' earning on Feb. 3. U.S. markets ended strongly on strong earnings from banks such as JP Morgan Chase. The payrolls data also showed U.S. jobs jumped more than expected in January as construction firms and retailers ramped up hiring. Adding to the positive sentiment is the latest move by President Donald Trump to roll back banking regulations which were in place to prevent a repeat of the global financial crisis. Meanwhile， oil prices were steady after the U.S. imposed sanctions on some Iranian individuals and entities， days after the White House rebuked Tehran for a ballistic missile test. Singapore's benchmark Straits Times Index rose 14.97 points to 3，056.91 points. Trading volume was 2.67 billion shares worth 1.24 billion Singapore dollars. Advancers outnumbered decliners 278 to 147， while 652 stocks did not move. Global Logistic Properties jumped 4.6 percent to 2.74 Singapore dollars. The warehouse and distribution center operator said it has received various non-binding proposals from a number of parties， which include its Chief Executive Officer Ming Mei and non-executive director Fang Fenglei. Mei and Fang hold interests in one of the parties that had submitted offers for the group. A special committee consisting of four independent directors and headed by group Chairman， Seek Ngee Huat will be evaluating the proposals with the help of financial adviser JP Morgan， and legal adviser Allen and Gledhill. Mei and Fang had asked to be excused from all board matters related to the evaluation of proposals since it started. StarHub Limited sank 6.7 percent to 2.80 Singapore dollars. It reported net profit of 54 million Singapore dollars for fourth quarter， down 33.2 percent from 80.8 million Singapore dollars earned a year ago. During the quarter to December， its revenue rose marginally to 634.8 million Singapore dollars on higher service revenue， which offset lower revenue from the sale of equipment. Among top gainers， Jardine Cycle and Carriage rose 0.4 percent to 42.04 Singapore dollars， while Jardine Matheson became one of the top losers by falling 0.2 percent to 62.55 U.S. dollars. (1 U.S. dollar equals to 1.41 Singapore dollars) | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Fabrinet - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts David T. Mitchell Sells 75,000 Shares of Fabrinet (FN) Stock Posted by William Strong on Feb 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) CEO David T. Mitchell sold 75,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $41.81, for a total transaction of $3,135,750.00. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Shares of Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) opened at 42.37 on Monday. Fabrinet has a 52-week low of $25.82 and a 52-week high of $46.50. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $39.43 and its 200 day moving average is $40.63. The stock has a market cap of $1.56 billion, a PE ratio of 18.89 and a beta of 1.50. Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) last announced its earnings results on Monday, November 7th. The company reported $0.80 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.71 by $0.09. Fabrinet had a net margin of 7.60% and a return on equity of 14.16%. The business earned $332.04 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $309.44 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.45 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 53.4% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Fabrinet will post $3.19 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/06/david-t-mitchell-sells-75000-shares-of-fabrinet-fn-stock.html. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of Fabrinet by 0.7% in the second quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 13,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $505,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Fabrinet during the second quarter worth approximately $230,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Fabrinet by 0.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 96,350 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,576,000 after buying an additional 750 shares in the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Fabrinet by 1.9% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 26,796 shares of the company’s stock worth $995,000 after buying an additional 499 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its stake in shares of Fabrinet by 13.8% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 4,223 shares of the company’s stock worth $157,000 after buying an additional 511 shares in the last quarter. 89.65% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. FN has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Fabrinet from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, October 17th. Stifel Nicolaus raised their price target on shares of Fabrinet from $48.00 to $50.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 8th. Needham & Company LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $56.00 price target on shares of Fabrinet in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $52.75 price target on shares of Fabrinet in a report on Monday, November 14th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co set a $50.00 price target on shares of Fabrinet and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, five have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $49.11. About Fabrinet Fabrinet provides optical packaging and precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of products, such as optical communication components, modules and sub-systems, industrial lasers, medical devices and sensors. The Company offers a range of optical and electro-mechanical capabilities across the manufacturing process, including process design and engineering, supply chain management, manufacturing, complex printed circuit board assembly, advanced packaging, integration, final assembly and test. Receive News & Ratings for Fabrinet Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Insider Selling: Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Director Sells $2,832,577.76 in Stock Next » Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Milestone Apartments Real Estate Invt Tr (MST.UN) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Meet the 42-year-old investment banker whose sought-after photography comes encrusted in diamonds Lianna Brinded Feb. 6, 2017, 2:30 AM 3,831 facebook linkedin twitter email print Roksana Ciurysek-Gedir. Roksana Ciurysek-Gedir DAVOS, Switzerland — Roksana Ciurysek-Gedir seemingly has it all at the age of 42. She is an investment banker holding one of the most sought-after and difficult qualifications to obtain (Chartered Financial Analyst), as well as a Masters in Science in Management and Economics from Technical University of Gdansk, Poland. She is also celebrated artist, where her unique photography work regularly features hundreds of gems embedded in the artwork and recently was loaned to the executive chairman of Alphabet — Google's parent company— Eric Schmidt for a private dinner in Davos this year. On top of that, she is a movie producer, a mother of two boys, and is one of the most connected people in elite circles within Davos. The World Economic Forum even awarded her a position as a Young Global Leader in 2014. So how does she fit it all in? "You make time for the things you love and I guess what gives me strength is art and creativity. I feel that everyone has different [aspects to them] and I believe in having a portfolio career — it doesn't have to be one thing. Everything is interconnected," said Ciurysek-Gedir to Business Insider in Davos, Switzerland. It is with this philosophy that Ciurysek-Gedir has carved a unique career for herself that has seen her gain her degree, CFA and work for the most prestigious banking institutions in the world. "I guess since I was young, I have always a strong interest in art and it is something I am passionate about. I am a jack of all trades, only master of some, and I decided that I should be true to myself and follow my passions," she said. "I originally wanted to be a brain surgeon but at the last minute, I decided to study business which would give me a lot of different options [for my career]." Roksana Ciurysek-Gedir. Roksana Ciurysek-Gedir After obtaining her qualifications, she moved from Poland to London, where she has lived and worked for 17 years (apart from one year in Vancouver, Canada). She has risen up the ladder from working for Edmond de Rothschild, Merrill Lynch, JPMorgan and EBRD. She now is a director at private Swiss investment bank, where she looks after ultra high-net-worth clients from emerging Europe. But she says, "art has always been part of my life and journey and photography is my biggest passion." Creating art that is famed for being encrusted in precious gems Ciurysek-Gedir thanks her father for igniting her passion photography. He gave her her first camera while they developed photos in the kitchen together. After years of testing out different types of photography, which mainly included portraits as well as landscape and architecture, she got her first exhibition in Vancouver while she was working out there. "Originally, I was purely using my own images of different subjects but I was not fully happy. Some of them I felt they looked like IKEA prints. So it got me thinking," she said Roksana Ciurysek. Roksana Ciurysek After years of experimenting, she forged her unique style of original photography printed on brushed aluminium, with hundreds of precious gems embedded in the artwork, that put her name on the map.  "My signature is printing photographs on metal on a large scale and drilling holes in the artwork and setting diamonds, or other gems, in it. It was a technique I developed that partly defines me," she said. "Even though I'm far from 'bling,' I love the juxtaposition of cold metal with the diamonds, which highlight the light in the photographs to give it three dimensions. "In some photographs, I have been using a lightbox behind the artwork which gives an interesting effect. It incorporates technology and art." Here is an example of one of her more famous works of art, which was recently featured at a private dinner with Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of tech giant Alphabet — the parent company of Google. It is called "Diamonds in the Sky" and is her interpretation of most expensive Faberge egg in history, which has hundreds of ethically-sourced emeralds and diamonds in it: Messier (Rothschild Pink) at Faberge London. Guy Bell 2016 And this one shows her signature portrait of actress Bridget Bardot, printed on metal with 300 diamonds embedded in it, which was also featured at the Schmidt dinner as well as an exclusive club in Davos this year: Lianna Brinded/Business Insider Her next big project is going to be out of this world Ciurysek-Gedir has achieved an incredible amount in her career, personal life, and her passion in art already. But she does not intend in slowing down. "My next project is sending an exhibition in space. I thought, 'I've done Davos, what next?' It is a secret for now but I have been talking to some people about this," she said. "Clearly in life, trying to juggle passions with a full time job and being a mother can be a challenge at times but my life is so much fuller and richer with so many dimensions." She currently has private clients through a collectors circle that buy her work, which have also been sold through world famous auction houses, such as Sotherby's, from £10,000 to £150,000. Her photography career is also hitting new heights too after she met Terry O'Neill, the famous photographer who was renowned for his work with 1960s fashions and celebrities. She said he was "fascinated" with her photographic technique and said they should collaborate on a new exhibition. While most people would see this reaching a peak in their careers, it looks like, for Ciurysek-Gedir, this is only just the start. NOW WATCH: PayPal's CEO reveals the 2 key trends that are driving the fintech revolution Loading video... More: Roksana Ciurysek-Gedir Davos Davos 2017 WEF Prime Art investment banking Eric Schmidt Google Faberge facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Meet the 42-year-old investment banker whose sought-after photography comes encrusted in diamonds Meet the 42-year-old investment banker whose sought-after photography comes encrusted in diamonds DAVOS, Switzerland — Roksana... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
CLOSE X Advertisement X Classifieds Front page Editor's choice Special features Mining Indaba SONA SS Mendi: 100 years Trump's America Zuma World Economic Forum Weather & info Weather Indicators TV Guide Movie Guide News Crime & Courts Politics South Africa Africa World Opinion Back Page Politics Business Report Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology International Careers Opinion Financial Tools Events Personal finance My Money Debt Financial Planning Medical Cover Invest Insurance Retirement Tax Money tools Sport Soccer Rugby Cricket Boxing Tennis Fifa Opinion Cycling Golf More Sport IOL Sportzone ICC Twenty20 Motoring Latest launches Road tests F1 Motorsport Bikes 4x4 Special Features Industry news Prices & Specs Trucks Entertainment News TV & Radio Movies Music Gossip Books What's On Fun stuff Royals Trevor Noah TV guide Movie guide Grahamstown Festival Lifestyle Love & Sex Health Family Food & Drink Home & Garden Style People BabyNet Competitions GQ Games Dating Travel News South Africa World Tips Olympics Paralympics Live Blog Athletics Swimming Soccer Cycling Rugby Gymnastics Newspapers Classifieds Cape Times Cape Argus Daily News Daily Voice Isolezwe Ilisolezwe Mercury Pretoria News The Post The Star Saturday Star TIOS Sunday Independent Sunday Tribune Weekend Argus Cape Community Matric Results Cape Community Athlone News Atlantic Sun Bolander Cape Towner Constantiaberg Bulletin False Bay Echo Plainsman Sentinel News Southern Mail Southern Suburbs Tatler Table Talk Vukani Bellville & Durbanville Goodwood & Parow Kuils River, Brackenfell & Kraaifontein Multimedia Galleries Videos Other sites BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Games Dating Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline About IOL About IOL Terms and conditions Privacy policy Press code Complaints Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology International Careers Opinion Financial Tools Events Mining Indaba Budget World Economic Forum Raging Bull Awards Financial Planner of the YearIOL Mining Indaba Can going green help pick the slavery out of cotton? Trump may revive failed Dominican project Are Trump's in-laws buying into baseball? Tequilla billionaires reap windfall Eco-warrior lays waste to Philippines' mining industry business report events mining indaba #MiningIndaba: Miners leave chequebooks at home Mining Indaba / 6 February 2017, 09:11am Kevin Crowley and Thomas Biesheuvel The shoreline at Bantry Bay. File photo: Willem Law Johannesburg - With its iconic mountain, beaches and vineyards, it’s easy to attract global mining bosses and fund managers to Cape Town. Yet as thousands of executives, shareholders and officials flock to South Africa for the annual Mining Indaba, the industry’s investments are flowing the opposite way. A mix of shrinking reserves, rising labour costs, frequent stoppages and regulatory uncertainty has prompted major miners to rethink their presence in the country, home to the world’s largest platinum, chrome, and manganese reserves and the source of one-third of all gold ever mined. Anglo American, once a keystone of the economy, is selling half its assets in the country, while BHP Billiton and Gold Fields both spun off their local operations in the past four years. AngloGold Ashanti Ltd. tried to do the same. South Africa, which was the world’s largest gold producer for a century until 2007, has now dropped to sixth place. “They’re difficult mines in a tough operating environment with wage inflation constantly eating away at margins,” said Neil Gregson, who manages about $2.5 billion of natural-resources stocks at JPMorgan Asset Management in London. “Increasingly, you need specialized management teams to run those assets. We don’t see any growth there.” About 6 000 attendees are expected at the Mining Indaba, which starts February 6. Executives from companies including Anglo American, Rio Tinto Group, AngloGold Ashanti and South32. are scheduled to speak at the event, Africa’s biggest resource industry conference. As the largest miners shift their priorities elsewhere, investors are valuing South Africa-focused stocks more cheaply than global peers. The FTSE/JSE Africa Mining Index trades at 1.3 times book value, compared with 1.9 times for the Bloomberg World Mining Index. The measure for South African stocks has been at a discount to the figure for the global index for the past five years, except for during one month in 2013. Read also: #MiningIndaba is less gloomy Even Sibanye Gold, the locally focused spin off from Gold Fields, chose to go to the US for its largest acquisition to date. The company had previously stated its intention to buy in its home country or elsewhere in Africa and took investors by surprise in December with a plan to buy Montana-based Stillwater Mining for $2.2 billion. “They’ve chosen to go overseas for the acquisition rather than something closer to home, it shows you how politically difficult it is to close things in South Africa,” said Michael Rawlinson, co-head of metals and mining investment banking at Barclays, which lends money to Sibanye. Many of the South African mining industry’s problems stem from its turbulent and oppressive past. Mines, particularly gold, were largely built on the basis of cheap labour, minimal safety standards and plentiful electricity, with profits flowing to their white owners to the exclusion of the black majority. White minority rule under apartheid ended in 1994. Wage increases To redress the inequity of apartheid, the government wants mining companies to be 26 percent owned by black investors, even if those investors later sell their stakes. Companies argue this will lead to continual dilution. “Security over tenure is a concern for us,” JPMorgan’s Gregson said. After more than a century of intensive mining, resources have been depleted, unions have commanded above-inflation wage increases, safety breaches are drawing increased scrutiny from government and power is increasingly expensive. The industry made its first net loss since at least 2009 in the year through June, as commodity prices plunged, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers. Gold production in the country declined by almost half to 144.5 metric tons and output of platinum-group metals dropped 11 percent in the decade to 2015, according to the Chamber of Mines. Labour costs, which make up a third of the industry’s overall expenses, almost tripled to R117 billion ($8.8 billion) a year. Still, mining makes up about half of the country’s export earnings. Safety stoppages The government has also irked companies by imposing what they say are unnecessary safety stoppages that cost production. At up to 4 kilometres below ground, the country’s gold mines are the deepest and among the most dangerous in the world, typically employing thousands of workers mainly using hand-held drills. If international investors and mining companies are deterred by South Africa’s challenges, locals may be willing to step in. Patrice Motsepe, executive chairman of African Rainbow Minerals Ltd. and who had success buying unwanted gold mines in the late 1990s, said last month he’s once again looking to snap up unloved South African assets. “South Africa has good infrastructure, it’s got great technical skills, it’s got a long history of mining,” Barclays’s Rawlinson said. “But that long history means the best deposits have already been developed. To compensate for that it needs to be easy. That easiness is gone.” Bloomberg Mining Indaba Can going green help pick the slavery out of cotton? Trump may revive failed Dominican project Are Trump's in-laws buying into baseball? Tequilla billionaires reap windfall Eco-warrior lays waste to Philippines' mining industry Most Read Sydney braces for blackouts Tequilla billionaires reap windfall Dis-Chem to open 21 new stores Can going green help pick the slavery out of cotton? Eco-warrior lays waste to Philippines' mining industry Advertisement MORE business report events mining indabaMenu Mining Indaba| Budget| World Economic Forum| Raging Bull Awards| Financial Planner of the Year| business report events mining indabaMenu Mining Indaba| Budget| World Economic Forum| Raging Bull Awards| Financial Planner of the Year| INFO About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather SITES BabyNet.co.za Glamour.co.za GQ.co.za Ilisolezwe Isolezwe IOL Jobs IOL Property IOL Sportzone Loot.co.za Classifieds WomanOnline SECTIONS News Politics Business report Sport Motoring Entertainment Lifestyle Travel About IOL Front page Market indicators Movie guide Newspapers TV guide Weather
Business Home LBoard Adenan’s son campaigns for Mom and finds Dad’s calling Bernama Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US JPMorgan gets China corporate bond underwriting license Reuters | February 6, 2017 The license was granted by the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (NAFMII), which oversees the Chinese interbank bond market. SHANGHAI: JPMorgan Chase & Co said on Monday it had received approval and license to underwrite corporate bonds in China’s interbank bond market, making it the first US-headquartered bank to do so. The license enables JPMorgan to underwrite debt financing instruments issued by non-financial entities, including commercial papers, medium-term notes and other instruments approved by regulators, it said. The license was granted by the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors (NAFMII), which oversees the Chinese interbank bond market, said a statement issued by JPMorgan. China is the third largest bond market in the world with 43.7 trillion yuan (US$6.37 trillion) outstanding at the end of 2016 with the interbank bond market accounting for over 90 percent, according to China Central Depository & Clearing Co. In September last year, JPMorgan was granted a business license to operate a fully owned fund management business in China, allowing it to set up an office in Shanghai free-trade zone. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Idea luaskan Wilayah Persekutuan boleh memakan diri, kata penganalisis Police will monitor Selva Kumar in Malaysia ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Too legit to quit… gangs try their hand at business Form Two girl admits to having many sex partners It’s murder, so call it that, lawyers urge police Azmin stands his ground on ‘minister to resign’… Malaysia reaches for the moon, no, really, the real moon Thousands gathered at Jakarta mosque urged to vote for… Name the minister or you’re lying, Najib tells Azmin Geely could steer Proton in right direction, says think-tank Spooked by anti-China talk, Forest City developer courts… Mideast investors getting wary of Malaysia, says Ideas ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Easy to blame picky grads, what about the bosses? Is it so hard to make a sex offenders list? Will China be a factor in the elections? The return of a convicted rapist Of paintbrushes and mindless enforcement Mengapa Melayu Islam perlu bantah usul PAS pinda akta syariah More... FMT Bahasa Sertai PH: PPBM beri PAS sebulan untuk buat keputusan 3 pesakit ‘virus misteri’ sah kena kencing tikus Mati dalam tahanan: Peguam desak klasifikasi kes bunuh Azmin sengaja buat cerita, kata Ismail Sabri Pelihara keharmonian negara, jangan iktiraf UEC, kata Perkasa Anifah tak letak jawatan, Azmin cuba bohongi rakyat, kata Zahid More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rolls-Royce Holding PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Yahoo Japan Cp (YAHOY) Upgraded at J P Morgan Chase & Co Scor SE (SCRYY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Novartis AG (NVS) Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. CIBC Raises Information Services Corp (ISV) Price Target to C$21.50 Barclays PLC Reiterates “C$53.00” Price Target for Open Text Corp (OTC) Norbord’s (OSB) “Top Pick” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank Of Canada Visa Inc. (V) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Hold” Heroux-Devtek Inc. (HRX) Rating Lowered to Hold at Desjardins Biogen Inc. (BIIB) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Strong-Buy” Mesa Laboratories, Inc. (MLAB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Woodward, Inc. (WWD) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.13 on March 6th Woodward, Inc. (WWD) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.13 on March 6th Traders Buy Shares of Exelon Corporation (EXC) on Weakness Following Weak Earnings Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS Noble Corporation (NE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS NewJersey Resources Corporation (NJR) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance SThree Plc (STHR) Insider Gary Elden Sells 120,000 Shares Nick Wrighton Acquires 170 Shares of Gocompare.Com Group PLC (GOCO) Stock China Resources Beer Holdings CoLtd (CRHKY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts China Resources Beer Holdings CoLtd (CRHKY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (RR) February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON: RR) recently received a number of ratings updates from brokerages and research firms: 1/30/2017 – Rolls-Royce Holding PLC had its price target raised by analysts at BNP Paribas from GBX 530 ($6.61) to GBX 580 ($7.24). They now have an “underperform” rating on the stock. 1/23/2017 – Rolls-Royce Holding PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Liberum Capital from GBX 560 ($6.99) to GBX 670 ($8.36). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 1/17/2017 – Rolls-Royce Holding PLC had its “reduce” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets. They now have a GBX 570 ($7.11) price target on the stock. 1/17/2017 – Rolls-Royce Holding PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital. They now have a GBX 670 ($8.36) price target on the stock, up previously from GBX 560 ($6.99). 1/17/2017 – Rolls-Royce Holding PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a GBX 900 ($11.23) price target on the stock. 1/17/2017 – Rolls-Royce Holding PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at J P Morgan Chase & Co. 1/17/2017 – Rolls-Royce Holding PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc.. 1/5/2017 – Rolls-Royce Holding PLC had its price target lowered by analysts at J P Morgan Chase & Co from GBX 890 ($11.11) to GBX 730 ($9.11). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. Shares of Rolls-Royce Holding PLC (LON:RR) opened at 670.9705 on Monday. Rolls-Royce Holding PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 497.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 875.50. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 675.00 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 724.08. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 12.29 billion. In other Rolls-Royce Holding PLC news, insider Frank Chapman purchased 613 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, January 9th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 646 ($8.06) per share, with a total value of £3,959.98 ($4,941.94). Rolls-Royce Holdings plc is a provider of an integrated power and propulsion solutions. The Company operates through two divisions: Aerospace, which includes civil and defense businesses, and Land & Sea, which includes power systems, marine and nuclear businesses. Its civil aerospace business is engaged in the development, manufacture, marketing and sales of commercial aero engines and aftermarket services. Receive News & Ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rolls-Royce Holding PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Edge Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edge Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cowen Group, Inc. (COWN) Shares Bought by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) Stake Cut by D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Sells 115,336 Shares of Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) McKesson Corporation (MCK) Position Held by Capital World Investors Capital World Investors Sells 2,100,000 Shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) Capital International Investors Decreases Position in Boeing Company (The) (BA) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) Extreme Networks, Inc. (EXTR) Shares Bought by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Graham Holdings Company (GHC) Position Raised by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Choice Hotels International, Inc. (CHH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 6,000 Shares of Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Performance Food Group Company (PFGC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $147,000 Stake in Southwest Gas Corporation (SWX) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $145,000 Stake in Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. (JEC) MetLife, Inc. (MET) Shares Sold by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 1,000 Shares of Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Has $7,811,000 Position in Endurance Specialty Holdings Ltd (ENH) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Purchases 50,413 Shares of Genuine Parts Company (GPC) D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. Increases Position in IPG Photonics Corporation (IPGP) Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Shares Sold by Gotham Asset Management LLC Zacks: Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Given $24.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Shares of Edge Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:EDGE) have received an average broker rating score of 1.00 (Strong Buy) from the one brokers that cover the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a strong buy recommendation. Analysts have set a one year consensus price target of $24.00 for the company and are predicting that the company will post ($0.41) earnings per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also given Edge Therapeutics an industry rank of 138 out of 265 based on the ratings given to related companies. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised Edge Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Zacks: Edge Therapeutics Inc (EDGE) Given $24.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/zacks-edge-therapeutics-inc-edge-given-24-00-consensus-target-price-by-brokerages.html. Edge Therapeutics (NASDAQ:EDGE) opened at 9.56 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $11.57 and a 200 day moving average price of $10.77. Edge Therapeutics has a 12 month low of $6.23 and a 12 month high of $13.50. The company’s market cap is $276.45 million. In related news, insider Brian A. Leuthner sold 7,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.60, for a total transaction of $87,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 252,979 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,934,556.40. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider Brian A. Leuthner sold 3,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $9.50, for a total value of $28,500.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 251,479 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,389,050.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 44.29% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Edge Therapeutics by 7.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 125,375 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,305,000 after buying an additional 8,450 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of Edge Therapeutics by 102.7% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 45,280 shares of the company’s stock worth $457,000 after buying an additional 22,937 shares in the last quarter. Eagle Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Edge Therapeutics by 2.8% in the third quarter. Eagle Asset Management Inc. now owns 839,511 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,739,000 after buying an additional 23,216 shares in the last quarter. Regentatlantic Capital LLC bought a new stake in shares of Edge Therapeutics during the third quarter worth about $234,000. Finally, Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Edge Therapeutics by 50.8% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 39,726 shares of the company’s stock worth $402,000 after buying an additional 13,378 shares in the last quarter. 49.35% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Edge Therapeutics Edge Therapeutics, Inc is a clinical-stage biotechnology company that discovers, develops and seeks to commercialize, hospital-based therapies capable of transforming treatment paradigms in the management of life-threatening neurological and other conditions. Edge is evaluating EG-1962, its lead product candidate, in the Phase 3 NEWTON 2 study in adult patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage (aSAH). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Edge Therapeutics (EDGE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Edge Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edge Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing MetLife Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MetLife Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for MetLife, Inc. (MET) Posted by Tony Sherman on Feb 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a research report issued to clients and investors on Sunday. They currently have a $65.00 price objective on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG’s price objective points to a potential upside of 25.56% from the company’s previous close. A number of other equities research analysts also recently commented on MET. Citigroup Inc. started coverage on MetLife in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “sell” rating and a $51.00 price objective for the company. FBR & Co reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of MetLife in a report on Thursday. J P Morgan Chase & Co reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $51.00 price objective on shares of MetLife in a report on Friday, November 4th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded MetLife from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, TheStreet upgraded MetLife from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, October 28th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating, nine have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. MetLife presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $54.18. Shares of MetLife (NYSE:MET) traded up 0.60% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $51.77. The stock had a trading volume of 10,456,512 shares. The company has a PE ratio of 81.66. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $54.22 and its 200 day moving average is $48.53. MetLife has a one year low of $35.00 and a one year high of $58.09. MetLife (NYSE:MET) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $1.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.34 by $0.06. MetLife had a net margin of 1.30% and a return on equity of 7.17%. The firm had revenue of $12.08 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $17.34 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.23 EPS. The company’s revenue was down 29.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that MetLife will post $5.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, March 13th. Investors of record on Monday, February 6th will be given a dividend of $0.40 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 2nd. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.09%. MetLife’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 262.30%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/06/deutsche-bank-ag-reiterates-buy-rating-for-metlife-inc-met.html. In related news, EVP Frans Hijkoop sold 56,250 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $51.48, for a total transaction of $2,895,750.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 111,813 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,756,133.24. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, EVP Peter M. Carlson sold 23,636 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.32, for a total value of $1,283,907.52. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 39,914 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,168,128.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 94,883 shares of company stock valued at $5,022,189 over the last three months. Insiders own 0.27% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of MET. Jacobus Wealth Management Inc. bought a new position in shares of MetLife during the third quarter valued at approximately $104,000. ClariVest Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in MetLife by 0.3% in the second quarter. ClariVest Asset Management LLC now owns 2,806 shares of the company’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the last quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. boosted its stake in MetLife by 51.5% in the third quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. now owns 2,625 shares of the company’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 892 shares during the last quarter. Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC acquired a new stake in MetLife during the third quarter worth about $120,000. Finally, Edge Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in MetLife by 631.7% in the third quarter. Edge Wealth Management LLC now owns 3,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $133,000 after buying an additional 2,590 shares during the last quarter. 75.40% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. MetLife Company Profile MetLife, Inc (MetLife) is a provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. The Company’s segments include Retail; Group, Voluntary & Worksite Benefits; Corporate Benefit Funding; Latin America (collectively, the Americas); Asia, and Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Receive News & Ratings for MetLife Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MetLife Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Wedbush Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Tractor Supply Company (TSCO) Next » UbiSoft Entertainment Inc. (UBSFY) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Everyone Is Suddenly Worried About This U.S. Mortgage-Bond Whale by Liz McCormick @mccormickliz More stories by Liz McCormick and Matt Scully @scullymb More stories by Matt Scully February 5, 2017, 7:00 PM EST February 6, 2017, 11:30 AM EST Fed holds $1.75 trillion of MBS from quantative-easing program Comments spur talk Fed may start drawdown as soon as this year How Likely Is a March Rate Hike? Almost a decade after it all began, the Federal Reserve is finally talking about unwinding its grand experiment in monetary policy. And when it happens, the knock-on effects in the bond market could pose a threat to the U.S. housing recovery. Just how big is hard to quantify. But over the past month, a number of Fed officials have openly discussed the need for the central bank to reduce its bond holdings, which it amassed as part of its unprecedented quantitative easing during and after the financial crisis. The talk has prompted some on Wall Street to suggest the Fed will start its drawdown as soon as this year, which has refocused attention on its $1.75 trillion stash of mortgage-backed securities. While the Fed also owns Treasuries as part of its $4.45 trillion of assets, its MBS holdings have long been a contentious issue, with some lawmakers criticizing the investments as beyond what’s needed to achieve the central bank’s mandate. Yet because the Fed is now the biggest source of demand for U.S. government-backed mortgage debt and owns a third of the market, any move is likely to boost costs for home buyers. In the past year alone, the Fed bought $387 billion of mortgage bonds just to maintain its holdings. Getting out of the bond-buying business as the economy strengthens could help lift 30-year mortgage rates past 6 percent within three years, according to Moody’s Analytics Inc. Unwinding QE “will be a massive and long-lasting hit” for the mortgage market, said Michael Cloherty, the head of U.S. interest-rate strategy at RBC Capital Markets. He expects the Fed to start paring its investments in the fourth quarter and ultimately dispose of all its MBS holdings. Unprecedented Buying Unlike Treasuries, the Fed rarely owned mortgage-backed securities before the financial crisis. Over the years, its purchases have been key in getting the housing market back on its feet. Along with near-zero interest rates, the demand from the Fed reduced the cost of mortgage debt relative to Treasuries and encouraged banks to extend more loans to consumers. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up In a roughly two-year span that ended in 2014, the Fed increased its MBS holdings by about $1 trillion, which it has maintained by reinvesting its maturing debt. Since then, 30-year bonds composed of Fannie Mae-backed mortgages have only been about a percentage point higher than the average yield for five- and 10-year Treasuries, data compiled by Bloomberg show. That’s less than the spread during housing boom in 2005 and 2006. Talk of the Fed pulling back from the market has bond dealers anticipating that spreads will widen. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. sees the gap increasing 0.1 percentage point this year, while strategists from JPMorgan Chase & Co. say that once the Fed actually starts to slow its MBS reinvestments, the spread would widen at least 0.2 to 0.25 percentage points. “The biggest buyer is leaving the market, so there will be less demand for MBS,” said Marty Young, fixed-income analyst at Goldman Sachs. The firm forecasts the central bank will start reducing its holdings in 2018. That’s in line with a majority of bond dealers in the New York Fed’s December survey. The Fed, for its part, has said it will keep reinvesting until its tightening cycle is “well underway,” according to language that has appeared in every policy statement since December 2015. The range for its target rate currently stands at 0.5 percent to 0.75 percent. Mortgage Rates Mortgage rates have started to rise as the Fed moves to increase short-term borrowing costs. Rates for 30-year home loans surged to an almost three-year high of 4.32 percent in December. While rates have edged lower since, they’ve jumped more than three-quarters of a percentage point in just four months. The surge in mortgage rates is already putting a dent in housing demand. Sales of previously owned homes declined more than forecast in December, even as full-year figures were the strongest in a decade, according to data from the National Association of Realtors. People are starting to ask the question, “Gee, did I miss my opportunity here to get a low-rate mortgage?” said Tim Steffen, a financial planner at Robert W. Baird & Co. in Milwaukee. “I tell them that rates are still pretty low. But are rates going to go up? It certainly seems like they are.” Part of it, of course, has to do with the Fed simply raising interest rates as inflation perks up. Officials have long wanted to get benchmark borrowing costs off rock-bottom levels (another legacy of crisis-era policies) and back to levels more consist with a healthy economy. This year, the Fed has penciled in three additional quarter-point rate increases. Traders, meanwhile, have priced in slightly less than two increases in 2017. The move to taper its investments has the potential to cause further tightening. Morgan Stanley estimates that a $325 billion reduction in the Fed’s MBS holdings from April 2018 through end of 2019 may have the same impact as nearly two additional rate increases. Finding other sources of demand won’t be easy either. Because of the Fed’s outsize role in the MBS market since the crisis, the vast majority of transactions are done by just a handful of dealers. What’s more, it’s not clear whether investors like foreign central banks and commercial banks can absorb all the extra supply -- at least without wider spreads. On the plus side, getting MBS back into the hands of private investors could help make the market more robust by increasing trading. Average daily volume has plunged more than 40 percent since the crisis, Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association data show. “Ending reinvestment will mean there are more bonds for the private sector to buy,” said Daniel Hyman, the co-head of the agency-mortgage portfolio management team at Pacific Investment Management Co. What’s more, it may give the central bank more flexibility to tighten policy, especially if President Donald Trump’s spending plans stir more economic growth and inflation. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said last month that he’d prefer to use the central bank’s holdings to do some of the lifting, echoing remarks by his Boston colleague Eric Rosengren. Nevertheless, the consequences for the U.S. housing market can’t be ignored. The “Fed has already hiked twice and the market is expecting” more, said Munish Gupta, a manager at Nara Capital, a new hedge fund being started by star mortgage trader Charles Smart. “Tapering is the next logical step.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The $100 Billion Reason Investors Loved Trump's Bank Order The Wall Street Journal. Telis Demos, Peter Rudegeair 5 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs © Aude Guerrucci/Bloomberg News The six biggest U.S. banks could potentially return more than $100 billion in capital to investors over time through dividends and share buybacks if the Trump administration succeeds in a push to loosen bank regulation. Quotes in the article Citigroup Inc C ▲ 57.63 +0.37 +0.65% JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▼ 87.00 -0.20 -0.23% Morgan Stanley MS ▼ 44.70 -0.15 -0.33% Wells Fargo & Co WFC ▲ 56.86 +0.13 +0.23% AdChoices President Donald Trump on Friday signed a memorandum ordering a review of the Dodd-Frank Act, the postfinancial-crisis regulatory overhaul that has guided regulators such as the Federal Reserve. The aim is “cutting a lot out” of those rules, President Trump said in a meeting at the White House. That caused bank stocks to gain ground Friday, building on sharp increases since the presidential election. Those occurred as investor expectations of higher interest rates, less regulation and stronger economic growth stoked optimism. Republicans in Congress are preparing to release plans to roll back the law as early as this week. Big banks such as J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc. climbed more than 3%, while the KBW Nasdaq Bank Index gained about 2.2%. That index has risen about 24% since Election Day compared with a 7.4% gain for the S&P 500. “Bank regulation didn’t seem like priority one for the administration, so to see these executive actions come so early is a positive,” said Jason Benowitz, senior portfolio manager at the Roosevelt Investment Group Inc., which manages $3 billion. As much as shareholders would welcome greater capital returns in the short term, though, such a move would entail risks. Before the financial crisis, for example, it was common for large banks to spend more on dividends and stock repurchases than they earned in annual profit. That left big banks including Citigroup poorly positioned for financial tumult, leading it and others to be bailed out by the government. It isn’t clear exactly what regulatory measures Mr. Trump’s push could eliminate. But one area investors are looking at is billions of dollars of capital that banks have been forced to hold as a buffer against future financial crises. Bankers have argued that those buffers are in excess of what they need to absorb losses. And some investors have come to regard this as trapped capital since the banks’ ability to return funds to shareholders is restricted by the Fed through annual “stress tests.” That has led many lenders to hold more capital. The top six U.S. banks have $101.57 billion in capital in excess of what regulators require them to set aside, according to research from RBC Capital Markets. Analysts at Morgan Stanley estimate such capital at around $120 billion across 18 of the largest banks. Citigroup has the most excess capital at around $27 billion, according to RBC., J.P. Morgan has $20 billion, and Wells Fargo & Co. has $16 billion. “Regulatory relief could be a significant tailwind for the industry in terms of capital efficiency and managing cost,” said Conor Muldoon, fundamental portfolio manager at Causeway Capital Management LLC, which manages $44 billion globally. Citigroup is the largest holding in the firm’s Global Value fund, which invests across sectors. The potential for it to return capital is a key reason for the investment, Mr. Muldoon said. Being able to release more or all of that capital would be a boon to banks and their investors in several ways. First, banks would likely return much of the capital through dividend increases or higher share buybacks. The latter, by decreasing the number of shares a bank has outstanding, helps to boost earnings per share. That, in turn, can boost share prices. Goldman Sachs bank analysts said the average, big U.S. bank could boost 2018 earnings per share by 13% if all excess capital is returned to shareholders via buybacks. As well, reducing the amount of capital a bank holds helps to boost returns on equity. This is a measure of bank profitability that compares net income with common shareholder equity. Many big banks have struggled in recent years to post returns that exceed their theoretical cost of capital—or how much it costs them to raise funds—of about 10%. This is due to the superlow-interest-rate environment, slow revenue growth, subdued trading activity and higher capital bases. If banks’ return on equity jumps, that would likely lead to higher valuations for their shares. Requirements for capital aren’t explicitly laid out in the Dodd-Frank Act, but are set by the Fed and other regulators. They also are guided by international banking agreements. While the Trump administration couldn’t directly change these, it could influence them, as well as the Fed’s stress tests, through its appointments to regulatory bodies. Notably, Mr. Trump is expected to appoint a new head of bank supervision for the Fed, a position mandated by Dodd-Frank but which went unfilled by the Obama administration. Meanwhile, Republicans in Congress have urged the Fed to suspend its participation in these global banking discussions. And the trend was already headed toward greater capital returns. Before the election, the Fed had been forecasting that it would let banks pay out more to investors, and banks including Citigroup have said their aim was for substantially greater return to investors in 2017. CLSA analyst Mike Mayo in a January report estimated that the typical bank’s payout in the form of dividends and buybacks as a portion of earnings would go to 85% by 2019 from 65% in 2015, with capital returned rising to $110 billion from $70 billion. But capital returns that are a boon for shareholders could make debt investors nervous, leading to an increase in bank funding costs. Fitch Ratings warned Friday that banks could become riskier with smaller capital buffers. “Any changes in rules that reduce capital and liquidity requirements could have negative rating implications if banks respond to such rules with weaker capital and liquidity positions,” said Joo-Yung Lee, head of North American financial institutions for Fitch. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Wall Street Journal Landslides Kill 13 in Bali, Indonesia's Disaster Mitigation Agency Says The Wall Street Journal. Indonesians Pray Ahead of Fraught Election The Wall Street Journal. Who Is Running for Jakarta Governor? -- The Short Answer The Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal. View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Lethal Injection Dakota Pipeline Protests TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Feb 3 2017, 12:38 pm ET Trump Met with CEOs of America’s Largest Companies to Push Pro-Jobs Agenda by Lucy Bayly President Donald Trump delivers opening remarks at the beginning of a policy forum with, from left, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi, Blackstone Group Chairman and CEO Stephen Schwarzman, General Motors CEO Mary Barra and other business leaders in the State Dining Room at the White House on Feb. 3. Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images Share Share Tweet Share Comment Email Print advertisement President Donald Trump convened with the heads of some of America's largest corporations on Friday at the White House for a meeting intended to make good on the administration's pledge to reduce regulation, promote women in the workplace, and cut taxes. Meeting with biggest business leaders this morning. Good jobs are coming back to U.S., health care and tax bills are being crafted NOW!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2017 Jack Welch, former CEO of General Electric, told CNBC it had been a "fabulous meeting" and said the president "engaged forcefully" on every topic. Steve Schwarzman, CEO of private equity firm Blackstone and chairman of the council that arranged Friday's meeting, said the session had been "spirited intellectually" and that the members had had a "balanced discussion" about "taxes, trade, infrastructure, women's issues, education, and how to bring home jobs in terms of training people in technology." Other attendees at Friday's business huddle included members of Trump's economic advisory council, such as JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon, Walt Disney's Bob Iger, Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon, and Mary Barra of General Motors. The meeting also included First Daughter Ivanka Trump and her husband Jared Kushner, senior adviser to the president; as well as Vice President Mike Pence and White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon. One notable absentee was Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, who resigned from his spot on the president's council Thursday amid fierce backlash from customers furious at Kalanick's seeming connection to Trump's controversial immigration ban that limits travel to America from seven predominantly Muslim countries. Kalanick said Thursday that his participation on Trump's council was not meant to be construed as any endorsement of Trump's policies. However, billionaire inventor and environmentalist Elon Musk, also heavily criticized for his position on the board due to seemingly contradictory stances with Trump, has not shied away from his role. In contrast to Kalanick, Musk tweeted a message on Thursday explaining that he was remaining on the board in order to "serve the greater good." Regarding the meeting at the White House: pic.twitter.com/8b1XH4oW6h— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 3, 2017 Corporate America is struggling to please an increasing divide: Customers and investors who oppose Trump's hard-line policies, and those who applaud his strong-arm techniques. And many business leaders on the president's council are stuck between a rock and a hard place as they seek to advise — or at least appease — the president while remaining firm on their own values and satisfying those of their client base. Related: Many CEOs 'Scared Out of Their Minds', Won't Speak Out Against Trump Trump has already called out several major companies via Twitter, including General Motors, L.L. Bean, and Ford. In December, he tweeted, "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!" Following his tweet, Boeing stocks slid by more than 1 percent in premarket trade. Lucy Bayly Email Topics Business News, Politics News First Published Feb 3 2017, 12:38 pm ET Next Story Top Fed Regulator to Resign in April, Setting Stage for Trump Shakeup advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Street Talk Tags: wall street | fed | stress test | recession Wall Street Faces Fed Stress Tests Assuming Global Recession  (iStock) Sunday, 05 Feb 2017 03:36 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Wall Street banks will have to show they could survive a major global recession as part of an annual Federal Reserve exercise aimed at ensuring the biggest lenders aren’t vulnerable to a new financial crisis. The stress test scenarios released Friday by the Fed will be used to determine whether firms such as JPMorgan Chase & Co., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Deutsche Bank AG are strong enough to withstand a major blow to the broader economy. Good performance could give banks more leeway to pay dividends to their shareholders and buy back stock. The newly released scenarios feature the jobless rate climbing 5.25 percentage points to 10 percent and difficulties in corporate lending. Most midsize and smaller U.S. lenders will get a big break this year after the Fed said earlier this week that it would let them escape from one of the toughest parts of the exams. Banks are required to submit their capital plans and stress test results to the Fed by April 5. The central bank said it will announce the results before the end of June. The stress tests, which were introduced after the 2008 financial crisis, have driven capital levels higher as banks try to ensure they’re not among those buckling under the Fed’s nightmare scenarios. On Monday, the central bank said only the 13 biggest lenders will now face the so-called qualitative side of the tests, where many have been tripped up in the past. Sweeping Review The annual reviews required under the Dodd-Frank Act could be under a different sort of stress as President Donald Trump calls for a sweeping review of the 2010 law as part of an attack on what he sees as over-regulation. Though the stress tests weren’t specifically named, they were a core part in the post-crisis overhaul required by the law, and industry groups are waiting to see whether those and similar requirements get easier in the future. Trump is also weighing nominations for key positions including Fed vice chairman for supervision, though Fed Chair Janet Yellen has said she intends to stay at the helm until her term expires next year. In this year’s toughest stress-test scenario -- called “severely adverse” -- there would be a rise to 10 percent U.S. unemployment, a drop to near-zero interest rates and a global recession that would hammer corporate lending and commercial real estate, the Fed said. And in the less severe “adverse” scenario, banks would face a more moderate recession characterized by weaker economic activity across a wide swath of countries. The tests also subject banks to a baseline scenario that assumes conditions develop in line with economists’ forecasts. Greatest Beneficiaries The new rule exempting some regional banks and foreign lenders from the qualitative tests means they can’t be failed over their preparations for dealing with their management of capital and risk under crisis. The greatest beneficiaries may be U.S. units of Deutsche Bank and Banco Santander SA, which both failed last year because of “broad and substantial weaknesses across their capital planning processes.” That’s no longer a worry for this year, through Deutsche Bank will again face the qualitative side next year when more of its U.S. operations are subjected to the tests. The 21 regional and foreign banks that are now off the hook for the qualitative scrutiny still have to clear the quantitative side of the tests, meaning they must prove they can keep their capital above minimum levels in periods of economic stress. On the quantitative side of the test, the banks try to stay above that defined capital minimum. On the qualitative side, the Fed examines the management of a firm’s capital as it faces the different risks. Market Shocks For Wall Street banks, the annual process remains as tough as ever and often controls -- in real-world terms -- the amount of capital they work with. Banks with the largest trading operations face the additional burden of having to assume market shocks and trading-partner difficulties on top of their own adverse conditions. Last year’s results showed all banks had enough capital to handle a severe economic shock, though Morgan Stanley had to shore up its internal systems because the firm was close to the minimum in a key measure of leverage. Most giant banks have been able to improve their results as they’ve gotten more comfortable with the tests, and as a result they’ve been able to boost quarterly dividends. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency also announced Friday it is using the same scenarios for the stress tests that agency oversees, which are self exams done by lenders with more than $10 billion in assets. © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Wall Street banks will have to show they could survive a major global recession as part of an annual Federal Reserve exercise aimed at ensuring the biggest lenders aren't vulnerable to a new financial crisis. wall street, fed, stress test, recession 776 Sunday, 05 Feb 2017 03:36 PM 2017-36-05 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Apple, Google, Uber Join Fight Against Trump Travel Ban Monday, 06 Feb 2017 | 154 comments BOYCOTT THESE COMPANIES.... WSJ: US Companies Still Flock to Mexico Despite Trump Outrage Thursday, 09 Feb 2017 | 24 comments It makes good sense to move manufacturing to Mexico if you plan to sell... Kudlow: Trump Ban Isn't About Muslims or Business, 'It's About Terrorists' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 23 comments Actually, the travel restrictions are about keeping America SAFE!... Deutsche Bank: Trump Poised to Name China a 'Currency Manipulator' Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 22 comments This is a free and competitive market and no one forces you to buy. Read... Gallup: Economic Confidence Index Hit New High as Trump Took Office Wednesday, 08 Feb 2017 | 17 comments We finally got a good business man as president that actually cares about...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Share 62 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-11 Jimmy Fallon V. Alec Baldwin: Whose Donald Trump Impression Is Best? [Video] Entertainment 2017-02-10 ‘The Bachelor’ Nick Viall Admits To Hiding Boners And Farting On Dates Entertainment 2017-02-09 BTS ‘Spring Day’ Teaser: Jin, Jimin, JK’s MV Death Flags Sets Fandom On Fire Entertainment, News, Sports 2017-02-09 Seth Rollins Injury May Turn Out To Be More Severe Than Was Previously Expected. News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-02-11 Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators News 2017-02-11 Blue Ridge, Texas: Seaway Pipeline Spill Was The Second One In A Year News 2017-02-10 Snow Moon 2017: Lunar Eclipse Shines With Comet Tonight News 2017-02-10 San Franciscans To Go Naked For Valentine’s Day Nude Protest Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-02-11 Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Wrestling 2017-02-11 Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Basketball 2017-02-10 Russell Westbrook, Kevin Durant Face Off For First Time In OKC — Will Fans Boo? Wrestling 2017-02-10 WWE News: Former Champion Recalls Vince McMahon’s Reaction Upon Quitting WWE Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-10 7 NYC Valentine’s Day Prix-Fixe Menus You’ll Love Lifestyle 2017-02-10 Vacheron Constantin Teams With Hodinkee To Produce Limited Edition Watch Lifestyle 2017-02-09 National Pizza Day 2017: Free Pizza Dreams And Other Odd National Day Events Lifestyle 2017-02-06 Online Security: Stay Safe While Surfing The Web Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-09 Indian Woman Cheats Death After Live Cockroach Pulled From Her Skull Health 2017-02-09 Male Contraceptive Gel Like ‘Reversible Vasectomy,’ Aiming For 2020 Release Health 2017-02-08 Norovirus: Infectious Even After We’re Well – And Hand Sanitizer Won’t Save Us Health 2017-02-07 Brew Up: Tea Has ‘Lifesaving’ Potential And Can Fight Off Killer Diseases Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-10 ‘For Honor’ Open Beta Now Available On PC, PlayStation 4, And Xbox One Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: The Oldest Running MMORPG In The World Gaming 2017-02-10 Steam Greenlight Gets Red Lit: Valve Replaces Program With Steam Direct Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: ‘Infinity: Battlescape’ And The Long Journey To Creation BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Indian ‘Stigmata’ Boy Perplexes Doctors, Teen Bleeds Randomly 10 Times A Day BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Kendra Sunderland’s Tinder Date: What The Former ‘Library Girl’ Has Been Up To BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 ‘Pokemon GO’ Event For Valentine’s Day: Fill Your Pokedex Before Time Runs Out. BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Rosie O’Donnell Morphs Into Steve Bannon In New Twitter Profile Photo SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Bernie Sanders On Trump’s Fake Populism: ‘This Guy’s A Fraud’ [Opinion] Opinion 62 0 0 February 5, 2017 Bernie Sanders On Trump’s Fake Populism: ‘This Guy’s A Fraud’ [Opinion] Reno Berkeley The following article is entirely the opinion of Reno Berkeley and does not reflect the views of the Inquisitr. On Sunday morning, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders appeared on CNN’s State of the Union with Jake Tapper and bluntly called Donald Trump a fraud, who misled to voters about his populist agenda. After a discussion on a variety of topics such as Trump’s apparent xenophobia, his misogynistic behavior, and the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, Tapper asked Sanders about a proposed filibuster of the appointment. Bernie made it clear that he supported a requirement of 60 votes in order for the Senate to confirm Gorsuch. Sanders expressed concern that Trump’s new administration is acting in an authoritarian manner in attempts to overreach his office. He criticized the new president’s implication that U.S. District Court Judge James Robart is not a real judge because he ruled against Trump’s illegal travel ban, and expressed concern for workers’ rights, women’s rights, and for the environment under Trump. [Image by Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Images] Bernie Sanders then reiterated that he supports the 60-vote requirement to break a filibuster in order to approve Gorsuch. “I want a Supreme Court that’s going to stand up for civil liberties, for our constitutional rights, for the rights of workers, for environmental rights, for the rights of women. So yes, 60 votes to appoint the next Supreme Court Justice.” Tapper then showed Bernie a video of Trump telling JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon that he would look into easing regulations from the Dodd-Frank act so more wealthy people could borrow more money. When Tapper asked him if he could see any upside to “relaxing any of the Dodd-Frank regulations,” Bernie chuckled for a moment before responding. “You know, it’s hard not to laugh to see President Trump alongside these Wall Street guys. I have to say this, Jake, and I … don’t mean to be disrespectful. This guy’s a fraud.” And Sanders is right. Donald Trump is a fraud. He’s the worst kind of fraud. He is a billionaire real estate mogul who surrounds himself with other billionaires and who ran on a populist platform of being a people’s president. Trump’s fraud began when he told his supporters he believed in policies and laws that would benefit the American people, and promised to fight the big banks, to build the Mexican wall, to bring manufacturing back, to “drain the swamp. And most importantly, he promised to make our country “great again.” Bernie was having none of it, though, and called out Trump’s hypocritical appointments. “This guy ran for President of the United States, saying, ‘I, Donald Trump, I’m gonna take on Wall Street’ … Then suddenly he appoints all these billionaires. His major financial adviser comes from Goldman Sachs.” Since Trump was elected president on November 8, Bernie Sanders has made it his mission to hold him accountable for his promises. As I wrote in a previous Inquisitr piece, Sanders promised to fight Trump ferociously against policies that hurt Americans, while also vowing to supporting his good policies. And thus far, Bernie has kept his word, in both Congress and on Twitter, the social media platform the new president favors. French protesting Trump. [Image by Kamil Zihnioglu/AP Images] Sanders criticized Trump’s education pick, Betsy DeVos. He voted against former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson. He condemned Trump’s Muslim travel ban and executive orders to reinstate the Keystone XL and to approve the Dakota Access Pipeline. Last week, Bernie commented on Trump’s speech, mocking the president’s interest in his television program over the well-being of Americans. “Congratulations to President Trump on his deep, spiritual awakening at the National Prayer Breakfast.” In early January, Sanders gave a speech on the Senate floor, during which he argued for increased spending on Medicare Medicaid and Social Security, which he said a vast majority of Americans support. He displayed a poster-sized tweet Trump had sent in December of 2015 supporting no cuts to Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid, cornerstones of Trump’s campaign. Bernie likely already knew Trump was a fraud and was striking preemptively to ensure he did not soon forget his campaign promises. But it appears he has cast those promises on the wayside, with nearly 20 executive orders issued in his first two weeks as president. Bernie Sanders was one of the first in a growing number of federal legislators who are now speaking out against Donald Trump’s authoritarian power grab. Even so, saying Trump’s a fraud on national television is the kind of honesty and courage that drew millions of people to support Bernie in the primaries. Will Trump eventually “Feel the Bern” and change his ways? Unless he experiences a true spiritual awakening, probably not. For the time being, we’ll just repeat Bernie’s phrase: This guy’s a fraud. [Featured Image by John Minchillo/AP Images] Now Watch This: Jeff Sessions Confirmed By Senate As Attorney General Now Read This: Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into ‘Authoritarian Mode’ Share 62 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Reno Berkeley Tags: bernie sanders, Donald Trump February 9, 2017 ‘Days Of Our Lives’: Did Joseph Mascolo Return As Stefano DiMera? [Spoilers] February 4, 2017 ‘The Walking Dead’ Season 7B Spoilers: Will Carol Join The Fight? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Kevin Durant Oklahoma City Return: Ex-Thunder Deserves Boos? Westbrook Weighs In Gwen Stefani To Blake Shelton: ‘Be Nice’ To ‘The Voice’ Costar Adam Levine Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into ‘Authoritarian Mode’ Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators Bizarre Public Sex: Car Owner Discovers A Perverted Trio On His Vehicle Dusty Rose Makes Public Debut In Adam Levine’s Hollywood Walk Of Fame Ceremony Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Spider-Man Won’t Be The Only Marvel Character New To ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ ‘The Walking Dead’ Producer Says Alexandria Will Be Heroes In Season 7B ‘Spy In The Wild’: New PBS Show Reveals Secret Life Of Animals [Video] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘The Voice’ Fans Say They ‘Won’t Watch’ If Adam Levine And Blake Shelton Leave 6.4k 0 0 Comet, Eclipse, And Full Moon Set For Friday — How, Where, And When To Watch 5.2k 0 0 Danielle Stislicki Update: New Photos Released On Web Of Missing Michigan Woman 3.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga’s Belly Steals The Super Bowl Halftime Show 56.1k 0 0 Brad Pitt Reportedly Refused To Pay $100K A Month In Child Support To Angelina 3.2k 0 0 WWE News: Kurt Angle To Replace Mick Foley As ‘RAW’ General Manager? 2k 0 0 Recent Videos News Statue Of Liberty Beheaded By Trump On German Magazine Cover Politics Donald Trump Reacts On Twitter To “Ridiculous” Court Decision Politics Nancy Pelosi Calls Steve Bannon A “White Supremacist” Politics Donald Trump’s Solution To Supreme Court Gridlock Is “Go Nuclear” Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Bipin Dani Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Khalid Saleem Kuldip Nayar M D Nalapat M Ziauddin Masood Khan Robert Clements Salahuddin Haider Sultan M Hali The Spirit Of Islam Zahid Malik Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Search Home Contact Us LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Pakistan Observer Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg AllBipin DaniGen (R) Mirza Aslam BegKhalid SaleemKuldip NayarM D NalapatM ZiauddinMasood KhanRobert ClementsSalahuddin HaiderSultan M HaliThe Spirit Of IslamZahid Malik National Russian diplomats day was indeed a moving event Articles Jayalalithaa Jayaram passes into history Articles India’s disenchantment with Modi Articles Valentine Day is superstition Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Home Economy Watch US stocks back in record range after solid jobs data Economy Watch US stocks back in record range after solid jobs data By Webmaster - February 5, 2017 0 17 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter New York US stocks returned to record territory Friday following a solid jobs report and a move by President Donald Trump to roll back banking regulations enacted after the 2008 financial crisis. The Nasdaq finished at a fresh record, while the S&P 500 climbed to within a point of a new peak and the Dow vaulted back above 20,000 points. Equity markets also rose in London, Paris and Frankfurt. Tokyo was flat. Trump ordered a review of key reforms enacted after the 2008 financial crisis, in the first step towards scaling back toughened regulations on the banking industry. The moves could result in lower costs for compliance and clear away rules that restrict investments from proprietary accounts. Shares of major banks, including JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs surged three percent or more, while the broader market also took heart from Trump’s focus on an economic issue after several contentious moves on immigration and trade. “There was a whole a ton of really disappointing moves by the Trump administration and the market did not really sell off that much, and then you get just small pieces of positive news from them and the market goes up quite a bit,” said Karl Haeling, Landesbank Baden-Wuerttemberg. Markets were also buoyed by the January US jobs report, which included a better-than-expected 227,000 new jobs, keeping up the positive trends from the Obama years into the start of the term of President Donald Trump. Analysts said the report, while solid, was not likely strong enough to alter the Federal Reserve’s plan to only increase interest rates gradually. The report showed only modest wage growth. The dollar retreated against the euro and the pound. “Weaker wage growth takes a March rate hike off the table for the time being especially in light of the Fed’s less hawkish views,” said BK Asset Management managing director Kathy Lien. “The mixed jobs report and lack of unambiguous optimism hurt the dollar and could keep it under pressure in the new trading week.” Macy’s gained 6.4 percent following reports it was in early talks towards a possible acquisition by Canada’s Hudson’s Bay. The news comes on the heels of announcements of job cuts and store closures by Macy’s, which has struggled to transition to the e-commerce era. Hudson’s Bay climbed 3.9 percent in Toronto. Amazon dropped 3.5 percent after it reported fourth-quarter net income jumped 55.3 percent to $749 million. However, revenues during the key holiday season came in a billion dollars shy of expectations at $43.7 billion.—APP Share this: Print Email Tweet Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleReservations of industrialists Next articleBanking shares surge, Nasdaq hits record Webmaster RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Economy Watch SECP urges PSX to work for investors’ protection Economy Watch KSE-100 index remains positive Economy Watch Turkish firm to set up 200MW solar power plant in Bahawalpur Digital Newspaper Social Diary Bahawalpur City of Education and Palaces Management Founder: Zahid Malik Editor-in-Cheif: Faisal Zahid Malik Executive Editor: Gauhar Zahid Malik Editor Social Diary: Sadia Zahid Malik E-Mail : socialdiarymag@gmail.com magazinesocialdiary@hotmail.com Resident Editor Lahore: Khalid Butt E-Mail: obslhr@pakobserver.net Resident Editor Peshawar: Tariq Saeed E-Mail: obspwr@pakobserver.net Group Director : Khurram Jaffrani E-Mail: khurram_jaffrani@hotmail.com Director Marketing : Naveed Ahmad Khan Cell # 0300-5129008 Contact Us Online Edition : Q Malik / Ch Imran Zafar E-Mail: webmaster@pakobserver.net Islamabad: 051-2852027, 051-2852028 E-Mail : observer@pakobserver.net Karachi: 021-35308446-49 E-Mail : obskhi@pakobserver.net Lahore: 042-36306666, 36303333 E-Mail : obslhr@pakobserver.net ABOUT USHead Office Address: Daily Pakistan Observer, Ali AKbar House , Markez G-8, Islamabad Contact us: observer@pakobserver.net FOLLOW US Home Health Voice of People © Copy Rights Reserved . Daily Pakistan Observer MORE STORIES Paracha elected APCNGA’s central chairman September 30, 2016 Saudi investors keen to invest in joint ventures sectors: Envoy December 8, 2016 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
“No warning can save people determined to grow suddenly rich” – Lord Overstone Home Articles Authors Search About Us HOME / Articles / Adam Taggart / A Murderous Complacency A Murderous Complacency By: Adam Taggart | Sun, Feb 5, 2017 Share Print Email Dark omens are circling everywhere in today's markets murder: a flock of crows ~ Miriam-Webster dictionary Many view the appearance of crows as an omen of death because ravens and crows are scavengers and are generally associated with dead bodies, battlefields, and cemeteries, and they’re thought to circle in large numbers above sites where animals or people are expected to soon die. ~ "Nature", PBS.org Running PeakProsperity.com requires me to read and process a lot of data on a daily basis. As it's hard to digest it all in real-time, I keep a running list of charts, tables and articles that catch my attention, to return to when I have the time to give them my full focus. Lately, that list has been getting quite long. And it's largely full of indicators that concern me; signals that the long era of "extend and pretend" in today's markets may finally be at its terminus. Like crows circling overhead, every day brings with it new worrisome statistics that portend an ill change ahead. Indeed, these omens are increasing so quickly now that it's hard not to feel like Tippi Hedren in Hitchcock's suspense classic The Birds: So what are the data that make me think these crows will soon be feasting on the carcass of the great bull market that has powered stock, bonds, real estate and most other asset classes to record highs since 2009? Rogue's Gallery Complacent Investors Investors have enjoyed remarkably gentle treatment by the stock markets over the past half-decade. Retracements have occurred much less frequently than historical norms, and have been shallow and short-lived when they happened. Tom Lee, head of research at Fundstrat and often referred to as "Wall Street's biggest bull" notes that 2016 was the mildest year on record for the S&P 500, with only 7 days in which the index traded at less than 3% of its 52-week high. Similarly, the 2013-2016 period has seen the lowest volatility of any 4-year stretch in history: Larger Image Lee notes that despite the record calm, annual returns are moderating. As conditions begin to mean-revert, he worries that lower prices are ahead and is predicting a 5-7% market correction in the first half of 2017. JP Morgan's lead quant Marko Kalanovic also issues a striking similar warning: "Following the recent rally, a level of risk complacency has started to set in. The ratio of S&P 500 Puts to Calls has dropped to a ~3 year low, and the VIX reached near-record lows of ~10. " He, too, is calling for a ~5% pullback in the first half of this year. Bizarre Price Action Assets like stocks are (or, at least, are supposed to be) valued based on expectations of income. If income is increasing, then so should prices. But that's not what we're seeing. The famed Dow Jones Industrial Average hit 20,000 for the first time ever on January 25th. Things must be going great, right? Well, not that great. Wolf Richter shows that the total aggregate revenues for the 30 companies that make up this index was actually lower in 2016 than in every year from 2011 onwards: Hmmm. Well, revenue isn't everything. At the end of the day, it's earnings that matter. Perhaps corporate America is becoming more efficient and posting record profits. Nope. (Source) We're seeing a clear trend of rising prices in the face of lagging performance. One of those will need to correct. Which seems more likely? Dismal Outlook For Future Returns John Hussman was been warning us for years that QE/etc has pulled all the value of future returns into present asset prices. Today's investor has to make a choice: either buy now and expect no/low returns for the next 10 years; or wait for a price correction in the markets and then buy at low valuations to get appreciation from there. Lance Roberts visualizes this pickle in the chart below, which shows that, historically, markets as richly-priced as today's have offered sub-par annual returns for the following decade: Source As you can also see from the above chart, the S&P spends at lot less time at price-to-earnings (P/E) ratios above 20 as it does below. At today's average P/E of 28+, prices have a long way to fall when a return to historic averages occurs. Complacent Consumers Like investors, consumers' worries about the future have dissipated as borrowing rates have lowered, and home and 401k prices have risen. Consumer confidence hit a 16-year high in December, surpassing levels preceding the 2008 financial crisis: Source Note how confidence levels at this current height are nearly always followed soon after by recession. Bubblicious Housing Prices The latest Case-Shiller home price index report shows that US housing prices have, in aggregate, for the first time exceeded their previous peak seen right before the 2007 collapse: Source Are current prices unsustainably high? Very likely. But what's not up for debate is an important point Zero Hedge makes about the above chart. It's latest data point is from November 2016 (that's the most recent Case-Shiller data available as of now). Mortgage rates have spiked dramatically since then. Given the mathematical 'see saw' relationship between home prices and mortgage rates, the most likely future trajectory for this chart is downwards. Unbalanced Bets The net result of all the above is that the vast majority of investment capital is crowded into the same trades. Trades, mind you, that anticipate the recent near-magical era of historically-low volatility and historically-high stock prices will continue unabated for the foreseeable future. As in sailing, whenever everyone crowds to the same side of the boat, folks usually end up wet: Source So is it any surprise that those with a superior record of profitable trading (due, usually, to unfair advantage -- but that's a different story) are positioned very differently than the herd? Sentiment Trader's Smart Money/Dumb Money Confidence index is showing an historically extreme divergence, with the "dumb money" betting on a continued rally and the "smart money" anticipating a decline: A Reality-Check Given the multiplying and shrilly-squawking omens of hubris and overconfidence in today's hyper-extended markets -- a murder of complacencies, if you will -- we conclude we've reached the point in this storyline where the suspense has risen to its zenith, and the real violence then begins. Hitchcock would be proud. We reiterate our advice to prepare for approaching mayhem in the markets. If you have money in stocks and bonds (in a brokerage account, retirement account, pension, trust, etc), please make sure you are working with a financial professional who is taking the above risks in mind in their approach to managing your portfolio (if you're having trouble finding one who is, consider scheduling a free consultation with the adviser we endorse). If you're a homeowner, prepare for the probability of lower prices ahead. If you're thinking of selling your house in the near future, you may want to move up your timetable. Conversely, if you're a potential buyer, ask yourself if you can afford to wait until a correction offers better bargains. Of course, a major market correction doesn't just affect the prices of stock, bonds, and housing. Through repercussions like job layoffs, company closures, cuts to social programs, and the like -- the mood and functioning of society at large is impacted. And we're not the only ones concerned about what the future holds. Our recent report When The Rich Become Preppers, It's Time To Worry is a must-read for understanding that the average Joe is being played for a sucker by today's "everything is awesome" meme. Those executives who run the companies we hold stock in? They're furiously preparing for a future of social unrest.   Click here to read When The Rich Become Preppers, It's Time To Worry (free to all)     Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Author: Adam Taggart Adam Taggart Peak Prosperity Adam is the President and Co-Founder of Peak Prosperity. Basically, his job is to handle the business side of things so that Chris is free to think & write. Adam is an experienced Silicon Valley internet executive and Stanford MBA. Prior to partnering with Chris (Adam was General Manager of the earlier site, ChrisMartenson.com), Adam was a Vice President at Yahoo!, a company he served for nine years. Before that he did the 'startup thing' (mySimon.com, sold to CNET in 2001). As a fresh-faced college graduate, he got a first-hand look at all that was broken with Wall Street as an investment banking analyst. Most important, he's a devoted husband and dad. Copyright © 2013-2017 Peak Prosperity All Images, XHTML Renderings, and Source Code Copyright © Safehaven.com Great Resources BLOOMBERG CBS MARKETWATCH CNBC CNN MONEY NASDAQ COMMUNITY OIL PRICE SILICON INVESTOR SMART MONEY THE STREET YAHOO FINANCE   ARMSTRONG ECONOMICS CREDIT BUBBLE BULLETIN PETER SCHIFF PEAK PROSPERITY FALLSTREET BIGCHARTS STOCKCHARTS BULLANDBEARWISE SHARELYNX   MAJOR US INDICES WORLD MARKETS FX STREET FOREX TRADING GLOBEX KITCO BONDHEADS STOCK MAVEN   More links >>> About Safehaven Who is Safehaven? Disclaimer Contact Us Connect with Safehaven Follow @SafehavenDotCom Circle Us Please Read Our Disclaimer © 2000-2017 SafeHaven.com
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Where Poetry Lives Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US A BLOG OF NEWS AND INSIGHT News Now: Health Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Boycotts, Trump’s tirades part of new business landscape EMAIL BY Julie Bykowicz, Associated Press  February 5, 2017 at 1:25 PM EST Uber CEO Travis Kalanick speaks to students during an interaction at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) campus in Mumbai, India, January 19, 2016. Photo by Danish Siddiqui/Reuters WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber’s CEO quit President Donald Trump’s business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s fashion. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company’s leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” RELATED CONTENT Trump's CEO meetings raise concerns among ethics lawyers Once more, Ivanka Trump steps into spotlight for her father The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump’s first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber’s Travis Kalanick told his employees he’d decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn’t attend either; instead he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can’t-pass-up sign of prestige. It’s a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president – far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. Trump said he intends to take advice from the council, which he said would meet regularly to discuss policies. Trump said he’d be seeking guidance on his plans to roll back the financial services legislation known as the Dodd-Frank bill from JP Morgan’s Dimon. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” he said Friday. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick’s decision to give up that influence was the boycott the ride-sharing company, popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, had been experiencing all week. That campaign went viral on social media Saturday night when people perceived Uber as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to Trump’s executive order suspending the country’s refugee program. It didn’t let up even after Uber publicly condemned Trump’s executive order and contributed to relief groups. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would only be satisfied when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum, saying: “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment.” Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday night when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. The company cited the brand’s performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet’s first targets. Neiman Marcus also appears to have stopped selling her jewelry. “Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, angry Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter – some saying they were now prepared to begin their own boycott. READ MORE: Column: The rise and fall of the U.S. corporation Nordstrom spent the night responding to hundreds of them, with messages like: “We’re so sorry to disappoint you. It’s not a political decision for us.” Maine-based retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in with a bit of social-media marketing. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean,” Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice – spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march, or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we’ve ever seen before,” he said. Just how much this new, perilous environment for CEOs will actually affect business in the long term is difficult to know. Shares of Lockheed fell sharply after the president tweeted in December that the cost of its F-35 fighter jets was “out of control,” then fell again after he complained about the military contractor at a news conference the next month. The stock quickly recovered both times. — Associated Press writers Bernard Condon in New York and Jill Colvin in Washington contributed to this report. SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT Donald Trump ivanka trump Uber PREVIOUS POST Asked about Putin, Trump says U.S. isn’t ‘so innocent’ NEXT POST Indiana, Pence’s home state, seeks federal OK to keep Medicaid expansion Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Here’s what the Mexico border wall looks like now SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML | ALL BROADCAST REPORTS Top Trump aide reportedly talked sanctions with Russian envoy How Smokey Robinson knows a good song when he sees one News Wrap: Trump to possibly offer new order on immigration What’s the future of relations with China, Japan under Trump? As HHS secretary, Tom Price has significant powers to change health care Shields and Brooks on immigration ban court defeat, Democrats’ confirmation hearing backlash PBS NewsHour full episode Feb. 10, 2017 MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 Shields and Brooks on immigration ban court defeat, Democrats’ confirmation hearing opposition 2 What engineers are doing about the 300-foot hole in California's Oroville Dam spillway 3 Top Trump aide reportedly talked sanctions with Russian envoy 4 Here’s what the Mexico border wall looks like now 5 What’s the future of relations with China, Japan under Trump? 1 U.S. appeals court refuses to reinstate Trump’s travel ban 2 Angry voters flood town halls of GOP lawmakers 3 Protest marks public school visit by new education secretary 4 How the House science committee may try to weaken the EPA 5 Here’s what the Mexico border wall looks like now Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2017 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |     Search Terry Bell's Inside Labour The reinstatement of a union's registrar highlights areas of deep concern, says Terry Bell. Simplify for success Ian Mann examines two types of simplification through descriptions of well-known businesses. An era of realignment Can SA fill the global gap to elect people who will lead from the front, asks Solly Moeng. Home Companies Advertising Agribusiness Financial Services Health ICT Industrial Investment Holdings Mining Property Retail Travel & Leisure Markets Markets News Sens Commodities Currencies Equities News International Economy Budget 2016 South Africa Eskom Africa World Labour Q&A with Terry Bell Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Money Debt Insurance Medical Aid Money Clinic Money management Property Retirement Savings & Investments Tax Entrepreneurs Ask the experts Entrepreneur profiles Franchising Getting started MyBusiness News Opinion & Analysis Tips & Tools Opinion Columnists MyFin24 BizNews Finweek Mining Indaba ZAR/AUD 10,26 (-0.21%) ZAR/EUR 14,22 (0.88%) ZAR/GBP 16,7 (0.68%) ZAR/JPY 0,12 (1.67%) ZAR/USD 13,38 (0.34%) GOLD 1233,15 (0.15%) OIL 56,64 (1.67%) PALLADIUM 783,5 (1.29%) PLATINUM 1009 (-0.88%) SILVER 17,94 (1.47%) FTSE/JSE All Share 52687,29 (1.51%) FTSE/JSE Financial 15 15037,66 (1.95%) FTSE/JSE Industrial 25 67255,24 (1.39%) FTSE/JSE Resource 10 34433,6 (1.79%) FTSE/JSE Top 40 45756,81 (1.65%) All data is delayed Loading... See More We’re currently experiencing serious technical problems on the site, and as a result are unable to update the news – even though our market data is running as per normal. We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused and hope to be up and running again this evening. Thank you for your patience in this regard. – David McKay (editor) & team Miners head to SA, but leave cheque books at home Feb 05 2017 19:24 Kevin Crowley and Thomas Biesheuvel, Bloomberg News Delegates talk in front of a display of a mine at Africa's biggest annual mining conference, last year's Investing in African Mining Indaba. (Rodger Bosch, AFP File) Company Data Sibanye Gold Limited [JSE:SGL] Last traded 30 Change 0 % Change -1 Cumulative volume 4907988 Market cap 0 Last Updated: 10-02-2017 at 05:00. Prices are delayed by 15 minutes. Source: McGregor BFA View company snapshot for more news and data SOUTH32 LIMITED [JSE:S32] Last traded 26 Change 0 % Change 1 Cumulative volume 3986268 Market cap 0 Last Updated: 10-02-2017 at 05:05. Prices are delayed by 15 minutes. Source: McGregor BFA View company snapshot for more news and data GOLD FIELDS LIMITED [JSE:GFI] Last traded 45 Change -2 % Change -3 Cumulative volume 3696883 Market cap 0 Last Updated: 10-02-2017 at 05:00. Prices are delayed by 15 minutes. Source: McGregor BFA View company snapshot for more news and data Related Articles Investor interest in mining in Africa surges Lily mine accident: Law must take its course, says Zwane Trevor Manuel: Mining industry must innovate to survive Mining Indaba is more relevant in bust than in boom - MD African resource rich countries are ‘addicts in need of rehab’ New fund targets empowering junior SA mines   Cape Town - With its iconic mountain, beaches and vineyards, it’s easy to attract global mining bosses and fund managers to Cape Town. Yet as thousands of executives, shareholders and officials flock to South Africa for the annual Mining Indaba, the industry’s investments are flowing the opposite way. A mix of shrinking reserves, rising labour costs, frequent stoppages and regulatory uncertainty has prompted major miners to rethink their presence in the country, home to the world’s largest platinum, chrome and manganese reserves and the source of one-third of all gold ever mined. Anglo American [JSE:AGL], once a keystone of the economy, is selling half its assets in the country, while BHP Billiton [JSE:BIL] and Gold Fields [JSE:GFI] both spun off their local operations in the past four years. AngloGold Ashanti [JSE:ANG] tried to do the same. South Africa, which was the world’s largest gold producer for a century until 2007, has now dropped to sixth place. “They’re difficult mines in a tough operating environment with wage inflation constantly eating away at margins,” said Neil Gregson, who manages about $2.5bn of natural-resources stocks at JPMorgan Asset Management in London. “Increasingly, you need specialised management teams to run those assets. We don’t see any growth there.” About 6 000 attendees are expected at the Mining Indaba, which starts on February 6. Executives from companies including Anglo American, Rio Tinto Group, AngloGold Ashanti and South32 [JSE:S32] are scheduled to speak at the event, Africa’s biggest resource industry conference. READ: Investor interest in mining in Africa surges As the largest miners shift their priorities elsewhere, investors are valuing South Africa-focused stocks more cheaply than global peers. The FTSE/JSE Africa Mining Index trades at 1.3 times book value, compared with 1.9 times for the Bloomberg World Mining Index. The measure for South African stocks has been at a discount to the figure for the global index for the past five years, except for during one month in 2013. Even Sibanye Gold [JSE:SGL], the locally focused spin off from Gold Fields, chose to go to the US for its largest acquisition to date. The company had previously stated its intention to buy in its home country or elsewhere in Africa and took investors by surprise in December with a plan to buy Montana-based Stillwater Mining for $2.2bn. “They’ve chosen to go overseas for the acquisition rather than something closer to home, it shows you how politically difficult it is to close things in South Africa,” said Michael Rawlinson, co-head of metals and mining investment banking at Barclays, which lends money to Sibanye. Many of the South African mining industry’s problems stem from its turbulent and oppressive past. Mines, particularly gold, were largely built on the basis of cheap labour, minimal safety standards and plentiful electricity, with profits flowing to their white owners to the exclusion of the black majority. White minority rule under apartheid ended in 1994. Above-inflation wage increases To redress the inequity of apartheid, the government wants mining companies to be 26% owned by black investors, even if those investors later sell their stakes. Companies argue this will lead to continual dilution. “Security over tenure is a concern for us,” JPMorgan’s Gregson said. After more than a century of intensive mining, resources have been depleted, unions have commanded above-inflation wage increases, safety breaches are drawing increased scrutiny from government and power is increasingly expensive. The industry made its first net loss since at least 2009 in the year through June, as commodity prices plunged, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers. Gold production in the country declined by almost half to 144.5 metric tons and output of platinum-group metals dropped 11% in the decade to 2015, according to the Chamber of Mines. Labour costs, which make up a third of the industry’s overall expenses, almost tripled to R117bn ($8.8bn) a year. Still, mining makes up about half of the country’s export earnings. Safety stoppages The government has also irked companies by imposing what they say are unnecessary safety stoppages that cost production. At up to 4km below ground, the country’s gold mines are the deepest and among the most dangerous in the world, typically employing thousands of workers mainly using hand-held drills. READ: INFOGRAPHIC: Descend into the world’s deepest gold mine - in SA If international investors and mining companies are deterred by South Africa’s challenges, locals may be willing to step in. Patrice Motsepe, executive chairperson of African Rainbow Minerals [JSE:ARC] and who had success buying unwanted gold mines in the late 1990s, said last month he’s once again looking to snap up unloved South African assets. “South Africa has good infrastructure, it’s got great technical skills, it’s got a long history of mining,” Barclays’s Rawlinson said. “But that long history means the best deposits have already been developed. To compensate for that it needs to be easy. That easiness is gone.”Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Follow Fin24 on Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Pinterest. 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. We reserve editorial discretion to decide what will be published. WHAT TO READ NEXT {{item.title}} Read more about:    mining indaba 2017  |  cape town  |  sa economy  |  mining  |  investors NEXT ON FIN24X Mechanise or die out, Chamber of Mines warns 2017-02-09 14:45 Share this page Yahoo! Google Digg del.icio.us Facebook Tweet         Most ReadEditor's Choice 11 of the most hilarious memes from #SONA2017 Jonas is a blatant liar, says Ajay Gupta in court papers Gordhan's Gupta court battle comes to a head Zuma blames top four banks for controlling economy Lynne Brown: We have a problem, Mr President SONA, the budget and succession Debate heats up over NHI and medical aid schemes How SA is changing: Leadership, influence and land ownership An era of realignment – where does SA stand? How you could get banned on Twitter Company Snapshot We're talking about: SMALL BUSINESS From fossils to finance – that’s been the career trajectory of Dr Merrill van der Walt, a palaeontologist until recently. She is now a statistician with a difference.   Related links: French collaboration making a difference in Mitchells Plain Tech start-up space not for the faint hearted Get the latest with Fin24 Tech 11 of the most hilarious memes from #SONA2017 2017-02-10 12:30 Chaotic scenes from the State of the Nation Address once again trended nationally on social media with many taking the opportunity to share their humour about the event. Please Call Me never treated as income generative - Vodacom Samsung’s Note 7 battery supplier has fire at China factory Here is where UberEATS is expanding to in SA More Tech Home| Multimedia| News Follow Fin24 Money Clinic What is reckless lending? Investment 101 Paying off two credit cards Debt free, but can't get a clearance certificate What's the best savings plan for me? Do you have a question about your finances? We'll get an expert opinion. Click here... Voting Booth Do you agree that the mining charter is the necessary tool for transformation? Yes No I don't care Yes 15% 49 votes 15 No 62% 209 votes 62 I don't care 23% 77 votes 23 Previous results · Suggest a vote Services Money Clinic Get your financial questions answered. RSS Feeds News delivered really simply. Calculators Easy-to-use personal finance tools. Newsletters You choose what you want. Contact us Lost? Confused? Problems? Let us help you. Data supplied by: RSS feeds  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Advertise on Fin24  |  About us  |  Contact us
Saturday, February 11, 2017 1:07 PM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause Mining bosses head to South Africa but leave their checkbooks at home February 05 2017 07:55 PM Business RELATED STORIES Hundreds of families leave Iraq camps for Mosul return Eskom chief resigns over graft scandal Union backs Ramaphosa as next South Africa president Sam Warburton confirmed as rugby captain of Wales Bodies of illegal miners retrieved 2020 Games Livestock Department Anurag Thakur flight cancellations Visitors pass a sign at the entrance to the offices of Anglo American in Johannesburg. Anglo American is selling half its assets in South Africa, while BHP Billiton and Gold Fields both spun off their local operations in the past four years. Text Size: A A A Bloomberg/Johannesburg With its iconic mountain, beaches and vineyards, it’s easy to attract global mining bosses and fund managers to Cape Town. Yet as thousands of executives, shareholders and officials flock to South Africa for the annual Mining Indaba, the industry’s investments are flowing the opposite way. A mix of shrinking reserves, rising labour costs, frequent stoppages and regulatory uncertainty has prompted major miners to rethink their presence in the country, home to the world’s largest platinum, chrome, and manganese reserves and the source of one-third of all gold ever mined. Anglo American, once a keystone of the economy, is selling half its assets in the country, while BHP Billiton and Gold Fields both spun off their local operations in the past four years. AngloGold Ashanti tried to do the same. South Africa, which was the world’s largest gold producer for a century until 2007, has now dropped to sixth place. “They’re difficult mines in a tough operating environment with wage inflation constantly eating away at margins,” said Neil Gregson, who manages about $2.5bn of natural-resources stocks at JPMorgan Asset Management in London. “Increasingly, you need specialised management teams to run those assets. We don’t see any growth there.” About 6,000 attendees are expected at the Mining Indaba, which starts February 6. Executives from companies including Anglo American, Rio Tinto Group, AngloGold Ashanti and South32 are scheduled to speak at the event, Africa’s biggest resource industry conference. As the largest miners shift their priorities elsewhere, investors are valuing South Africa-focused stocks more cheaply than global peers. The FTSE/JSE Africa Mining Index trades at 1.3 times book value, compared with 1.9 times for the Bloomberg World Mining Index. The measure for South African stocks has been at a discount to the figure for the global index for the past five years, except for during one month in 2013. Even Sibanye Gold, the locally focused spin off from Gold Fields, chose to go to the US for its largest acquisition to date. The company had previously stated its intention to buy in its home country or elsewhere in Africa and took investors by surprise in December with a plan to buy Montana-based Stillwater Mining Co for $2.2bn. “They’ve chosen to go overseas for the acquisition rather than something closer to home, it shows you how politically difficult it is to close things in South Africa,” said Michael Rawlinson, co-head of metals and mining investment banking at Barclays, which lends money to Sibanye. Many of the South African mining industry’s problems stem from its turbulent and oppressive past. Mines, particularly gold, were largely built on the basis of cheap labour, minimal safety standards and plentiful electricity, with profits flowing to their white owners to the exclusion of the black majority. White minority rule under apartheid ended in 1994. To redress the inequity of apartheid, the government wants mining companies to be 26% owned by black investors, even if those investors later sell their stakes. Companies argue this will lead to continual dilution. “Security over tenure is a concern for us,” JPMorgan’s Gregson said. After more than a century of intensive mining, resources have been depleted, unions have commanded above-inflation wage increases, safety breaches are drawing increased scrutiny from government and power is increasingly expensive. The industry made its first net loss since at least 2009 in the year through June, as commodity prices plunged, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers. Gold production in the country declined by almost half to 144.5 metric tonnes and output of platinum-group metals dropped 11% in the decade to 2015, according to the Chamber of Mines. Labour costs, which make up a third of the industry’s overall expenses, almost tripled to 117bn rand ($8.8bn) a year. Still, mining makes up about half of the country’s export earnings. 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India READ MORE RBA lowers Australia’s short-term growth forecast READ MORE Saab offers to build modern fighter jet factory in India READ MORE Walt Disney seeking control of Euro Disney READ MORE Opec nations complying with agreed output cuts, says IEA READ MORE Europe markets shine on Trump tax cut pledge READ MORE Reckitt finalises deal to buy Mead Johnson for $16.6bn READ MORE Renault net profit jumps 19.7% to $3.77bn in 2016 READ MORE HSBC to seek wealth management asset acquisitions this year READ MORE play pause Top News Australia battles 50 fires in heat wave, sparking warning, blackout fears 2/11/2017 10:18:20 AM Tourist critically injured in Hong Kong subway arson attack 2/11/2017 8:39:00 AM Trump vows new security steps after court setback 2/11/2017 12:22:22 AM Driving test mandatory for all expats 2/11/2017 12:22:57 AM Health centres hold events to mark World Cancer Day 2/10/2017 9:25:39 PM POPULAR LATEST Driving test mandatory for all expats Qatar Feb 11, 2017 Rain, strong wind forecast today Qatar Feb 11, 2017 Dutch prosecutors seek 11 years in cyberbully case International Feb 9, 2017 Light showers expected in Qatar on Friday Qatar Feb 9, 2017 Skies come alive as Al Khor Fly-In 2017 takes off Qatar Feb 10, 2017 Al Khor air show spurs aviation dreams Qatar Feb 10, 2017 Anti-government protest hits Nigerian capital International Feb 9, 2017 Driving test mandatory for all expats Qatar Feb 11, 2017 IS executes 5 Egyptians accused of aiding army Region Feb 11, 2017 Brazil police protest spreads to Rio US/Latin America Feb 11, 2017 Saab offers high-tech jet production hub to India Business Feb 11, 2017 Leaders Lekhwiya held by Rayyan in a tense 1-1 draw Sport Feb 10, 2017 Going forward by walking backwards Culture Feb 10, 2017 Compensation for dying in harness Opinion Feb 10, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Qatar Superstock 600 Championship Round 3 23/3/2017 Motocross World Championship 24/2/2017 Aspire Splash and Dash 12/2/2017 Fitness training 12/2/2017 Muhammad Ali: Tribute to a Legend 10/2/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Trump’s deregulation nation; Silicon Valley tackles immigration ban; Macy’s buzz Trump’s deregulation nation; Silicon Valley tackles immigration ban; Macy’s buzz Posted on Sunday, February 5, 2017 by CNN in Business News 1. Deregulation nation: Investors cheered an executive order signed by President Donald Trump on Friday that began to dismantle expansive Dodd-Frank reform of Wall Street. Bulls hope it will boost stocks through the week. Shares of big banks like JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Citigroup rallied more than 2% each on Friday. Goldman Sachs popped over 4%. They’ll aim to keep the streak going — but they’ll need Congress’ help to actually repeal the bill. Trump’s promises to cut taxes, spend on infrastructure and slash regulation sent stocks surging after the election. But the president spent his early days focused on more controversial policies, such as a ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority nations. He’s also taken an aggressive stance on trade. Those actions sent a chill through Wall Street, which had been crossing its fingers for a pivot to stimulus and regulatory reform. 2. What about tech? The standoff between Trump and tech leaders over the White House’s immigration ban will likely continue into next week. But for now, tech stocks are holding steady. Strong earnings boosted Facebook and Apple last week. Amazon and Netflix are also performing well this year. But investors will keep a watchful eye on Silicon Valley’s strained relationship with Washington, especially as industry leaders decide what further actions to take. Last week, Uber’s Travis Kalanick left the president’s business advisory council, and Amazon and Expedia joined a legal challenge to the travel ban. Apple is also weighing its legal options. 3. Macy’s buzz: A sale of the troubled but iconic retailer may be on the horizon. Macy’s stock soared 10% Friday after the Wall Street Journal reported that Hudson’s Bay, the parent company of Lord & Taylor and Saks Fifth Avenue, is mulling a bid. A source familiar with the matter confirmed to CNNMoney that an offer has been made but discussions are still in early stages. Last month, Macy’s said it would shut down 68 stores and cut more than 10,000 jobs after disappointing sales during the holiday season. 4. Assortment of earnings: An array of companies are set to report results this week, from GM to Disney. Twitter couldn’t nail down a takeover offer in 2016, but there could be renewed interest if the company posts decent earnings on Thursday. And Time Warner’s Wednesday numbers will come under close scrutiny due to the media giant’s pending sale to AT&T. 5. Coming this week: Monday – 21st Century Fox earnings Tuesday – CNN Town Hall on health care with Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz; GM and Disney earnings Wednesday – Whole Foods, Time Warner, GlaxoSmithKline earnings Thursday – Twitter, Coca-Cola, Expedia, Yum! Brands, Dunkin’ Donuts earnings Friday – Renault earnings Tech industry braces for Trump's visa reform Elon Musk says he's 'doing good' on Trump's advisory council Related Posts Mickey Mouse artifacts from the dawn of Disney are up for auction Thomas Piketty turns down France’s top honor $63 billion plowed into stocks after Trump win Qualcomm to pay $19.5 million to settle gender discrimination suit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Trump's deregulation nation; Silicon Valley tackles immigration ban; Macy's buzz - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Black History Month Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News Black History Month CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts Win tickets to a Sabres/Penguins Game Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer Black History Month School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Trump's deregulation nation; Silicon Valley tackles immigration ban; Macy's buzz Posted: Sunday, February 5, 2017 8:05 AM EST Updated: Sunday, February 5, 2017 8:05 AM EST By Julia Horowitz NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- 1. Deregulation nation: Investors cheered an executive order signed by President Donald Trump on Friday that began to dismantle expansive Dodd-Frank reform of Wall Street. Bulls hope it will boost stocks through the week. Shares of big banks like JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Citigroup rallied more than 2% each on Friday. Goldman Sachs popped over 4%. They'll aim to keep the streak going -- but they'll need Congress' help to actually repeal the bill. Trump's promises to cut taxes, spend on infrastructure and slash regulation sent stocks surging after the election. But the president spent his early days focused on more controversial policies, such as a ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority nations. He's also taken an aggressive stance on trade. Those actions sent a chill through Wall Street, which had been crossing its fingers for a pivot to stimulus and regulatory reform. 2. What about tech? The standoff between Trump and tech leaders over the White House's immigration ban will likely continue into next week. But for now, tech stocks are holding steady. Strong earnings boosted Facebook and Apple last week. Amazon and Netflix are also performing well this year. But investors will keep a watchful eye on Silicon Valley's strained relationship with Washington, especially as industry leaders decide what further actions to take. Last week, Uber's Travis Kalanick left the president's business advisory council, and Amazon and Expedia joined a legal challenge to the travel ban. Apple is also weighing its legal options. 3. Macy's buzz: A sale of the troubled but iconic retailer may be on the horizon. Macy's stock soared 10% Friday after the Wall Street Journal reported that Hudson's Bay, the parent company of Lord & Taylor and Saks Fifth Avenue, is mulling a bid. A source familiar with the matter confirmed to CNNMoney that an offer has been made but discussions are still in early stages. Last month, Macy's said it would shut down 68 stores and cut more than 10,000 jobs after disappointing sales during the holiday season. 4. Assortment of earnings: An array of companies are set to report results this week, from GM to Disney. Twitter couldn't nail down a takeover offer in 2016, but there could be renewed interest if the company posts decent earnings on Thursday. And Time Warner's Wednesday numbers will come under close scrutiny due to the media giant's pending sale to AT&T. 5. Coming this week: Monday - 21st Century Fox earnings Tuesday - CNN Town Hall on health care with Bernie Sanders and Ted Cruz; GM and Disney earnings Wednesday - Whole Foods, Time Warner, GlaxoSmithKline earnings Thursday - Twitter, Coca-Cola, Expedia, Yum! Brands, Dunkin' Donuts earnings Friday - Renault earnings TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Trader Dow Holds On to 20,000—by the Skin of Its Teeth Trump whipsaws the market, then comes to its rescue. But don’t assume next move is up. Plus, insurers, value stocks, retail woes. By Ben Levisohn Biography February 4, 2017 Vital Signs The Dow Jones Industrial Average needed a strong finish on Friday to end the week right back where it had started—above 20,000. Stocks began the week on the wrong foot, with the Dow dropping 229.65 points on Monday and Tuesday. Whether because the market was reacting to President Donald Trump’s travel ban, as some observers... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. The One Thing You Have that Warren Buffett Doesn’t Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business on the money Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Jamie Dimon already has visited the White House twice By Kevin Dugan View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) February 5, 2017 | 5:27am Modal Trigger JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon at the White House Getty Images Goldman Sachs may have alumni high up in Trump’s administration, but JPMorgan is in the House. JPM Chief Executive Jamie Dimon’s trip to the White House on Friday was at least his second visit to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. in as many weeks — even as Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein has yet to make plans to meet with the president. Blankfein spoke to Trump about former GS President Gary Cohn, who has since joined the administration as director of the National Economic Council, but hasn’t penciled in any time to meet soon, one source said. The two Wall Street CEOs have taken different approaches to the Trump administration policies. After Trump’s Muslim ban took effect, JPMorgan issued a statement supporting its employees, but didn’t comment on the policy. Blankfein, on the other hand, blasted the ban as “not a policy we support.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under donald trump ,  goldman sachs ,  jamie dimon ,  jpmorgan chase ,  lloyd blankfein ,  on the money Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Trump keeping close ties to his business empire Read Next Trump keeping close ties to his business empire Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 13,689 Obit proves family couldn't be happier their 'evil' relative is dead 11,821 Jordanian pilot had no idea ISIS was about to burn him alive 11,184 Josh Elliott's CBS 'farewell' stuns his bosses Now On Teyana Taylor: My daughter isn’t spoiled Kristen Taekman stressing her ‘shoe game’ at New York Fashion Week Tamron Hall set to walk the red carpet at Viennese Opera Ball SEE ALL Video 1:02 These shoes weren't made for walking More Stories pagesix Josh Elliott's CBS 'farewell' stuns his bosses Now On Decider People Are Cancelling Their Subscriptions To Boycott Netflix’s ‘Dear White People’ nypost Obit proves family couldn't be happier their 'evil' relative is dead New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kulicke and Soffa Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kulicke and Soffa Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HBK Investments L P Has $351,000 Stake in Century Aluminum Company (CENX) Cabot Corporation (CBT) Shares Sold by HBK Investments L P 12,294 Shares in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Acquired by HBK Investments L P Private Wealth Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Oracle Corporation (ORCL) AT&T Inc. (T) Position Reduced by Waldron LP Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC Has $26,702,000 Position in Intel Corporation (INTC) Edmond de Rothschild Europe Continues to Hold Stake in McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) Position Cut by Krasney Financial LLC Home Depot, Inc. (The) (HD) Position Raised by Krasney Financial LLC Krasney Financial LLC Has $1,556,000 Position in Amgen Inc. (AMGN) Spears Abacus Advisors LLC Holds Stake in International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) McDonald’s Corporation (MCD) Stake Decreased by Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Shares Bought by Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Johnson Investment Counsel Inc. Cuts Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMY) NewMarket Corporation (NEU) Position Held by Advantus Capital Management Inc Advantus Capital Management Inc Buys 2,631 Shares of Coca-Cola Company (The) (KO) TLP Group LLC Purchases Shares of 1,264 Chevron Corporation (CVX) Chevron Corporation (CVX) Position Increased by Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC Acquires Shares of 2,700 Schlumberger N.V. (SLB) Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Stake Lowered by Two Sigma Securities LLC Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. Raised by B. Riley (KLIC) February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:KLIC) – Analysts at B. Riley lifted their Q1 2018 EPS estimates for Kulicke and Soffa Industries in a note issued to investors on Thursday. B. Riley analyst C. Ellis now anticipates that the brokerage will earn $0.23 per share for the quarter, up from their prior estimate of $0.22. B. Riley currently has a “Buy” rating and a $26.00 price target on the stock. B. Riley also issued estimates for Kulicke and Soffa Industries’ Q4 2018 earnings at $0.25 EPS. A number of other research analysts have also commented on the stock. TheStreet upgraded shares of Kulicke and Soffa Industries from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. Standpoint Research lowered shares of Kulicke and Soffa Industries from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, November 18th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. Raised by B. Riley (KLIC)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/q1-2018-eps-estimates-for-kulicke-and-soffa-industries-inc-raised-by-b-riley-klic.html. Kulicke and Soffa Industries (NASDAQ:KLIC) opened at 19.40 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $1.38 billion, a PE ratio of 29.04 and a beta of 1.21. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $16.89 and a 200-day moving average price of $14.26. Kulicke and Soffa Industries has a 52 week low of $10.54 and a 52 week high of $19.76. Kulicke and Soffa Industries (NASDAQ:KLIC) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.22 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.10 by $0.12. Kulicke and Soffa Industries had a return on equity of 7.88% and a net margin of 9.39%. The company earned $149.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $140.62 million. The firm’s revenue was up 37.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Capital Fund Management S.A. bought a new stake in Kulicke and Soffa Industries during the second quarter worth about $159,000. Nordea Investment Management AB increased its stake in Kulicke and Soffa Industries by 15.0% in the second quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 322,227 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,922,000 after buying an additional 41,976 shares in the last quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC acquired a new stake in Kulicke and Soffa Industries during the second quarter valued at $127,000. Oxford Asset Management increased its stake in Kulicke and Soffa Industries by 4.3% in the second quarter. Oxford Asset Management now owns 858,086 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,443,000 after buying an additional 35,068 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Kulicke and Soffa Industries by 6.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 485,122 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,904,000 after buying an additional 31,018 shares in the last quarter. 84.63% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. Raised by B. Riley (KLIC)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/q1-2018-eps-estimates-for-kulicke-and-soffa-industries-inc-raised-by-b-riley-klic.html. In other news, insider Jonathan Chou sold 25,000 shares of Kulicke and Soffa Industries stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.39, for a total transaction of $384,750.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 216,008 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,324,363.12. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Lester A. Wong sold 10,000 shares of Kulicke and Soffa Industries stock in a transaction on Tuesday, December 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.91, for a total transaction of $159,100.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 69,421 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,104,488.11. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 55,015 shares of company stock valued at $864,345 over the last ninety days. 1.00% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Kulicke and Soffa Industries Company Profile Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc designs, manufactures and sells capital equipment and expendable tools, as well as services, maintains, repairs and upgrades equipment, all used to assemble semiconductor devices. The Company supplies a range of bonding equipment. The Company operates through two segments: Equipment and Expendable Tools. Receive News & Ratings for Kulicke and Soffa Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kulicke and Soffa Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Dean Hutton/Bloomberg Miners Head to South Africa But Leave Checkbooks at Home by Kevin Crowley @CrowleyKev More stories by Kevin Crowley and Thomas Biesheuvel @tbiesheuvel More stories by Thomas Biesheuvel February 5, 2017, 3:00 AM EST February 6, 2017, 7:16 AM EST Anglo, BHP, Gold Fields have cut exposure to African nation Local stocks have traded at discount to peers for five years With its iconic mountain, beaches and vineyards, it’s easy to attract global mining bosses and fund managers to Cape Town. Yet as thousands of executives, shareholders and officials flock to South Africa for the annual Mining Indaba, the industry’s investments are flowing the opposite way. A mix of shrinking reserves, rising labor costs, frequent stoppages and regulatory uncertainty has prompted major miners to rethink their presence in the country, home to the world’s largest platinum, chrome, and manganese reserves and the source of one-third of all gold ever mined. Anglo American Plc, once a keystone of the economy, is selling half its assets in the country, while BHP Billiton Ltd. and Gold Fields Ltd. both spun off their local operations in the past four years. AngloGold Ashanti Ltd. tried to do the same. South Africa, which was the world’s largest gold producer for a century until 2007, has now dropped to sixth place. “They’re difficult mines in a tough operating environment with wage inflation constantly eating away at margins,” said Neil Gregson, who manages about $2.5 billion of natural-resources stocks at JPMorgan Asset Management in London. “Increasingly, you need specialized management teams to run those assets. We don’t see any growth there.” About 6,000 attendees are expected at the Mining Indaba, which starts Monday. Executives from companies including Anglo American, Rio Tinto Group, AngloGold Ashanti and South32 Ltd. are scheduled to speak at the event, Africa’s biggest resource industry conference. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up As the largest miners shift their priorities elsewhere, investors are valuing South Africa-focused stocks more cheaply than global peers. The FTSE/JSE Africa Mining Index trades at 1.3 times book value, compared with 1.9 times for the Bloomberg World Mining Index. The measure for South African stocks has been at a discount to the figure for the global index for the past five years, except for during one month in 2013. Even Sibanye Gold Ltd., the locally focused spin off from Gold Fields, chose to go to the U.S. for its largest acquisition to date. The company had previously stated its intention to buy in its home country or elsewhere in Africa and took investors by surprise in December with a plan to buy Montana-based Stillwater Mining Co. for $2.2 billion. “They’ve chosen to go overseas for the acquisition rather than something closer to home, it shows you how politically difficult it is to close things in South Africa,” said Michael Rawlinson, co-head of metals and mining investment banking at Barclays Plc, which lends money to Sibanye. Many of the South African mining industry’s problems stem from its turbulent and oppressive past. Mines, particularly gold, were largely built on the basis of cheap labor, minimal safety standards and plentiful electricity, with profits flowing to their white owners to the exclusion of the black majority. White minority rule under apartheid ended in 1994. Above-Inflation Wage Increases To redress the inequity of apartheid, the government wants mining companies to be 26 percent owned by black investors, even if those investors later sell their stakes. Companies argue this will lead to continual dilution. The Chamber of Mines said today it restarted talks with the government last month on the issue. South Africa’s government is committed to “radical economic transformation” to secure the black majority a bigger stake in the economy, and will published revised mine ownership requirements next month whether the industry agrees with them or not, Mineral Resources Minister Mosebenzi Zwane told reporters today at the Mining Indaba. “Security over tenure is a concern for us,” JPMorgan’s Gregson said. After more than a century of intensive mining, resources have been depleted, unions have commanded above-inflation wage increases, safety breaches are drawing increased scrutiny from government and power is increasingly expensive. The industry made its first net loss since at least 2009 in the year through June, as commodity prices plunged, according to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Gold production in the country declined by almost half to 144.5 metric tons and output of platinum-group metals dropped 11 percent in the decade to 2015, according to the Chamber of Mines. Labor costs, which make up a third of the industry’s overall expenses, almost tripled to 117 billion rand ($8.8 billion) a year. Still, mining makes up about half of the country’s export earnings. Safety Stoppages The government has also irked companies by imposing what they say are unnecessary safety stoppages that cost production. At up to 4 kilometers (2.5 miles) below ground, the country’s gold mines are the deepest and among the most dangerous in the world, typically employing thousands of workers mainly using hand-held drills. If international investors and mining companies are deterred by South Africa’s challenges, locals may be willing to step in. Patrice Motsepe, executive chairman of African Rainbow Minerals Ltd. and who had success buying unwanted gold mines in the late 1990s, said last month he’s once again looking to snap up unloved South African assets. “South Africa has good infrastructure, it’s got great technical skills, it’s got a long history of mining,” Barclays’s Rawlinson said. “But that long history means the best deposits have already been developed. To compensate for that it needs to be easy. That easiness is gone.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump Vows to Fight as Appeals Court Thwarts Immigration Ban Now Under Armour Has a Trump Problem, Too White House: Cohn-Led Tax Plan Is Real and It’s Phenomenal Trumpflation Is Running Out of Gas Trump Weighs New Immigration Order With Next Legal Moves Unclear Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lipocine Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lipocine Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wedbush Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) PT Set at $120.00 by Credit Suisse Group L Brands Inc (LB) Given a $75.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) Given a $40.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group Analysts Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird Analysts Set Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) PT at $70.72 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM) Receives $15.14 Average Price Target from Brokerages Royal Bank Of Canada (RY) Receives $86.00 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) PT at $328.06 Aerohive Networks, Inc. (HIVE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday TELUS Corporation (TU) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.04 EPS Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Sky Plc (SKY) Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research International Paper Company (IP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P. (TNH) Plans $1.22 Quarterly Dividend ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (CEM) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 Reaves Utility Income Fund (UTG) Announces $0.16 Monthly Dividend AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Brokerages Anticipate Lipocine Inc. (LPCN) to Post ($0.31) EPS February 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Shares of Lipocine Inc. (NASDAQ:LPCN) have received a consensus broker rating score of 1.00 (Strong Buy) from the four analysts that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a strong buy recommendation. Brokerages have set a 12 month consensus price objective of $18.80 for the company and are forecasting that the company will post ($0.31) earnings per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Zacks has also assigned Lipocine an industry rank of 91 out of 265 based on the ratings given to related companies. A number of brokerages have recently commented on LPCN. HC Wainwright reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Lipocine in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Roth Capital set a $30.00 target price on Lipocine and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity set a $15.00 target price on Lipocine and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Lipocine (NASDAQ:LPCN) opened at 3.69 on Tuesday. Lipocine has a 52-week low of $2.51 and a 52-week high of $12.66. The firm’s market capitalization is $67.38 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $3.64 and its 200 day moving average price is $3.69. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. acquired a new position in Lipocine during the third quarter valued at $935,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN acquired a new position in Lipocine during the third quarter valued at $122,000. Carlson Capital L P raised its position in Lipocine by 88.3% in the second quarter. Carlson Capital L P now owns 510,000 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,550,000 after buying an additional 239,170 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its position in Lipocine by 1,408.9% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 200,679 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $609,000 after buying an additional 187,379 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in Lipocine by 63.2% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 365,851 shares of the specialty pharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,112,000 after buying an additional 141,681 shares during the period. 45.05% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/05/brokerages-anticipate-lipocine-inc-lpcn-to-post-0-31-eps.html. Lipocine Company Profile Lipocine Inc is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on applying its oral drug delivery technology for the development of pharmaceutical products in the area of men’s and women’s health. Its primary development programs are based on oral delivery solutions for bioavailable drugs. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Lipocine (LPCN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Lipocine Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lipocine Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Trending: CHARLES OAKLEY BLIZZARDS TRAVEL BAN STEPHEN BANNON DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: CHARLES OAKLEY BLIZZARDS TRAVEL BAN STEPHEN BANNON DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS New York Daily News new york Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Share This facebook Tweet email Legless subway toker lost $4M settlement, sues over stolen check Legless subway toker lost $4M settlement, sues over stolen check BY Thomas Tracy NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Sunday, February 5, 2017, 3:25 AM facebook Tweet email Michelle Carter, 60, lost her legs after falling onto the subway tracks and being struck by a train in 2005. She caught the attention of the internet last month, when someone recorded her smoking what appeared to be marijuana on the subway. (Instagram) BY Thomas Tracy NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Sunday, February 5, 2017, 3:25 AM If you had her life, you’d smoke blunts on the subway too. A legless woman — who became an internet sensation last month after someone recorded her smoking what appeared to be marijuana on a Brooklyn M train — was run over by another train a dozen years ago. She has since lost her $4 million settlement with the Transit Authority, her lawyer said Saturday. Michelle Carter, 60, lost both her legs when she fell to the subway tracks and was struck by a train in 2005. In 2014, she won a multi-million dollar settlement, but the money quickly disappeared as she gave some away, spent some of it and was robbed of a massive check. Man, 63, struck by train after fainting on subway tracks in NYC Carter is suing JP Morgan Chase for cashing an $886,339.96 settlement check someone stole from her back in 2015. “I was shocked that they cashed that check without any due diligence,” Carter’s attorney Robert Unger said. “Many times I have written out settlement checks for $10,000 or so, and the banks wouldn’t cash them without checking everything out.” On Jan. 10, straphangers recorded Carter smoking on the train. “That s--t is goofy!” a man can be heard saying as Carter puffs away. A video posted by 💕4912💍 (@_liamweatherup_) on Jan 10, 2017 at 1:35pm PST Another man threatened to “deck” her, but Carter quickly lashed back. Victim of anti-Semitic subway attacker thanks strangers for help “Get the f--- off my train. Bye!” she yelled from her wheelchair. Unger found the video deplorable, since Carter is mentally handicapped and can’t take care of herself. The one-time millionaire splits her time living with relatives and on the street, Unger said. “You can see she’s not normal and there they were cursing at her and threatening her,” Unger said. JP Morgan Chase did not immediately return a call for comment. Tags: mta lawsuits Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Align Technology Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Align Technology Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 Countrywide PLC (CWD) Receives GBX 207.13 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cincinnati Bell Inc (CBB) Receives $20.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) PT at $16.60 Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Receives $177.91 Average Target Price from Brokerages Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Align Technology, Inc. Issued By Jefferies Group (ALGN) February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Align Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALGN) – Investment analysts at Jefferies Group lifted their Q1 2017 earnings estimates for Align Technology in a report issued on Wednesday. Jefferies Group analyst B. Couillard now forecasts that the brokerage will post earnings of $0.66 per share for the quarter, up from their previous estimate of $0.63. Jefferies Group has a “Buy” rating and a $110.00 price target on the stock. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for Align Technology’s Q3 2017 earnings at $0.78 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.93 EPS and FY2017 earnings at $3.00 EPS. ALGN has been the subject of a number of other reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Align Technology from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $99.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price objective on shares of Align Technology from $95.00 to $110.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a $114.00 price objective on shares of Align Technology and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, October 19th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $95.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Align Technology, Inc. Issued By Jefferies Group (ALGN)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/q1-2017-earnings-forecast-for-align-technology-inc-issued-by-jefferies-group-algn.html. Align Technology (NASDAQ:ALGN) opened at 95.82 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $95.42 and its 200 day moving average price is $92.76. The company has a market capitalization of $7.63 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 41.12 and a beta of 1.40. Align Technology has a 52 week low of $57.51 and a 52 week high of $102.10. Align Technology (NASDAQ:ALGN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.59 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.07. Align Technology had a net margin of 17.57% and a return on equity of 20.82%. The firm had revenue of $293.20 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $292.75 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.60 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 27.3% on a year-over-year basis. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Align Technology by 3.0% in the second quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 40,490 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,261,000 after buying an additional 1,198 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Align Technology by 1.6% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 95,670 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,707,000 after buying an additional 1,493 shares in the last quarter. Blair William & Co. IL boosted its position in shares of Align Technology by 0.4% in the second quarter. Blair William & Co. IL now owns 312,283 shares of the company’s stock valued at $25,154,000 after buying an additional 1,210 shares in the last quarter. Autus Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Align Technology by 2.4% in the second quarter. Autus Asset Management LLC now owns 26,568 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,141,000 after buying an additional 630 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC acquired a new position in shares of Align Technology during the second quarter valued at approximately $330,000. 86.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Align Technology, Inc. Issued By Jefferies Group (ALGN)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/q1-2017-earnings-forecast-for-align-technology-inc-issued-by-jefferies-group-algn.html. In other news, CFO David L. White sold 11,152 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, November 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $95.53, for a total transaction of $1,065,350.56. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 9,473 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $904,955.69. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Warren S. Thaler sold 8,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $95.57, for a total transaction of $812,345.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 42,400 shares in the company, valued at $4,052,168. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 56,439 shares of company stock worth $5,228,322. Insiders own 2.00% of the company’s stock. About Align Technology Align Technology, Inc designs, manufactures and markets a system of clear aligner therapy, intra-oral scanners and computer-aided design and computer-aided manufacturing (CAD/CAM) digital services used in dentistry, orthodontics and dental records storage. The Company operates through two segments: Clear Aligner segment and Scanner and Services (Scanner) segment. Receive News & Ratings for Align Technology Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Align Technology Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 36° News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Stocks Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living Good News Momaha Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Inside Business Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Omaha 36° Omaha, NE (68102) Today Partly cloudy skies during the morning hours will become overcast in the afternoon. High 54F. Winds NNE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Cloudy with gusty winds developing overnight. Low 31F. Winds NNW at 20 to 30 mph. Updated: February 11, 2017 @ 3:52 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits Close THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Ivanka Trump models an outfit following an interview to promote her clothing line in Toronto. Nordstrom said Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. AP Companies feel squeeze of politics in Trump era Feb 5, 2017 Updated Feb 5, 2017 (…) THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Ivanka Trump models an outfit following an interview to promote her clothing line in Toronto. Nordstrom said Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017, it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. The Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter's brand. WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber’s CEO quit President Donald Trump’s business council. Nordstrom stopped selling Ivanka Trump’s fashions. Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Toyota, meanwhile, suffered through the discomfort of being on the receiving end of Trump Twitter tirades. The Trump era is a perilous new landscape for corporate America. Companies are feeling political pressure like never before, squeezed on one side by consumers who are boycotting products with any ties to the administration and on the other by the outspoken, social media-loving president. For most companies, the decision to get political used to be made after long, careful deliberations among a company’s leader, public relations team, lawyers and lobbyists. Now, in an increasingly divided America, companies may have no choice but to move quickly. “You have to understand your customers in real time because political ramifications are happening instantly,” said Matt Friedman, a crisis communications adviser based near Detroit who has worked with public and private companies. “Each business now has to look at where their customer fits into the political divide and how their company values align to what the president is doing on a day-to-day basis.” The predicament for companies was on display ahead of Trump’s first White House meeting Friday with his business forum, a group that includes General Motors CEO Mary Barra, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon and a dozen others. The night before, Uber’s Travis Kalanick told his employees he’d decided to quit the council because his presence on it was being “misinterpreted” as an endorsement of the president. “I spent a lot of time thinking about this and mapping it to our values,” Kalanick told employees in an internal memo obtained by the Associated Press. Disney CEO Bob Iger didn’t attend either; instead, he was at a company board meeting in California. A seat on a high-profile White House council, no matter the political party in power, has previously been a can’t-pass-up sign of prestige. It’s a direct way for a company to express opinions to the president — far less fraught than trying to gain access through lobbying or donating money. But an audience with this president, at least at this stage, brings with it customer complications. No doubt weighing into Kalanick’s decision to give up that influence was the boycott of the ride-sharing company. Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the “Grab Your Wallet” social media effort to encourage boycotts of companies tied to Trump, said she would be satisfied only when Kalanick resigned from the presidential forum. Grab Your Wallet claimed another victory Thursday when Nordstrom announced it had stopped selling first daughter Ivanka Trump’s fashion line. The company cited the brand’s performance. The department store was one of Grab Your Wallet’s first targets. “Companies have been late to the game with realizing how much ire it can create to associate with a person like Donald,” Coulter said. While the anti-Trump boycotters cheered Nordstrom, Trump supporters deluged the company with angry messages on Twitter. Retailer L.L. Bean faced the flip side of that. Linda Bean, one of many family members involved in the company, gave money to a pro-Trump super PAC during the campaign, prompting Grab Your Wallet to call for a boycott, which in turn prompted Trump to weigh in. “Thank you to Linda Bean of L.L. Bean for your great support and courage. People will support you even more now. Buy L.L. Bean,” Trump tweeted last month, a few weeks before taking office. When they make a move that could be perceived as a knock on the president, companies like Nordstrom must calculate not only the financial impact of angering Trump supporters but also the possibility that Trump himself could take notice — spiraling the crisis to another level. Robert Passikoff, president of Brand Keys Inc., said CEOs are especially vulnerable now because technology allows people to protest and vent their anger without organizing a march or even leaving their home. Among those who can weigh in with a few finger taps: the leader of the free world. “The direct communication from the president of the United States, with attacks on specific brands and specific people, is not something we’ve ever seen before,” he said. © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More information Ben Sasse takes issue with Trump's tweet referring to 'so-called judge' who blocked travel ban On ABC’s "This Week," the Nebraska senator also talked about comments the president made to Fox News’ Bill O’Reilly about Russian leader Vladimir Putin. “There is no moral equivalency between the United States of America — the greatest freedom-loving nation in the history of the world — and the murderous thugs that are in Putin’s defense of his cronyism," Sasse said.  Federal appeals court denies Justice Department request to reinstate Trump's travel ban Trump says Pence will head investigation into voting irregularities, despite lack of evidence of fraud Tags Company Commerce Politics Economics Ivanka Trump White House Grab Your Wallet Nordstrom Bob Iger Travis Kalanick Recommended for you Featured Businesses Cornhusker Beverage & Bridal | Wedding Invitations | Omaha 8510 K St, Omaha, NE 68127 402-331-5404 Attitude On Food 2405 N St, Omaha, NE 68107 402-341-3663 Occasion Designed P.O. Box 3312, Omaha, NE 68103 402-630-0672 The Fountains Ballroom & Vineyard 51496 230th St, Glenwood, IA 51534 712-526-2426 Curri 1028 S 74th Plz, Omaha, NE 68114 402-614-0009 Arbor Day Farm Lied Lodge & Conference Center 402-873-8733 World-Herald 150 Stocks In case you missed it Fresh start  for startups: Entrepreneurs find a welcoming  environment in Omaha for new tech businesses If Trump, Congress pull the plug on Obamacare, everyone’s plan could change Nebraska farmers, ranchers wary of Trump ending NAFTA, which has quadrupled U.S. ag exports More cattle, lower prices: Ranchers and feeders hope consumers respond by buying more beef New life, and a nod to the past, as National Indemnity building set to become apartments Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Warren Watch: 'Frankie No' said yes to Buffett at exclusive Rao’s restaurant in NYC Replay: Feb. 7 Warren Watch chat Review: 'Becoming Warren Buffett' is a timely reassurance that some billionaires have a heart Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion Obits ePaper Full site index Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Carbonite Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carbonite Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Carbonite Inc (CARB) Forecasted to Post FY2016 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Carbonite Inc (NASDAQ:CARB) – Research analysts at B. Riley upped their FY2016 earnings per share estimates for shares of Carbonite in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. B. Riley analyst I. Corydon now forecasts that the brokerage will post earnings of $0.29 per share for the year, up from their prior estimate of $0.27. B. Riley currently has a “Buy” rating and a $22.50 target price on the stock. B. Riley also issued estimates for Carbonite’s Q1 2017 earnings at $0.04 EPS, Q3 2017 earnings at $0.14 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.18 EPS and FY2017 earnings at $0.43 EPS. Several other equities analysts have also issued reports on CARB. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Carbonite from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $22.00 target price for the company in a research report on Friday. TheStreet upgraded Carbonite from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, November 4th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $22.00 price objective (up previously from $21.00) on shares of Carbonite in a report on Monday, November 21st. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Carbonite currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $19.63. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/carbonite-inc-carb-forecasted-to-post-fy2016-earnings-of-0-29-per-share.html. Shares of Carbonite (NASDAQ:CARB) opened at 20.40 on Friday. Carbonite has a one year low of $6.50 and a one year high of $20.48. The firm’s market capitalization is $556.06 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $16.85 and a 200-day moving average of $15.60. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Carbonite by 42.0% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 71,165 shares of the company’s stock worth $693,000 after buying an additional 21,060 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Carbonite by 74.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 190,959 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,933,000 after buying an additional 81,740 shares in the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can boosted its stake in shares of Carbonite by 5,892.4% in the third quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 831,085 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,765,000 after buying an additional 817,216 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of Carbonite by 2.7% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 220,164 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,142,000 after buying an additional 5,694 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Punch & Associates Investment Management Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Carbonite during the third quarter worth about $4,316,000. Institutional investors own 85.16% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/carbonite-inc-carb-forecasted-to-post-fy2016-earnings-of-0-29-per-share.html. In other Carbonite news, VP Danielle Sheer sold 105,530 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $17.51, for a total value of $1,847,830.30. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 107,717 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,886,124.67. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, SVP Paul S. Mellinger sold 1,359 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.98, for a total value of $25,793.82. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 425,103 shares of company stock worth $7,714,631 in the last quarter. 15.80% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Carbonite Carbonite, Inc (Carbonite) is a provider of cloud and business continuity solutions. The Company’s solutions are designed to address the specific needs of small and medium sized businesses and individuals. It offers various solutions, such as Carbonite Personal, Carbonite Pro, Carbonite Server Backup and MailStore. Receive News & Ratings for Carbonite Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Carbonite Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here's the memo Larry Fink, the head of the world's largest investor, just sent to staff on these 'uneasy' times Matt Turner Feb. 2, 2017, 11:46 AM 17,418 facebook linkedin twitter email print REUTERS/Toru Hanai Larry Fink, the chief executive at BlackRock, which with $5.1 trillion is the world's biggest investor, just sent a memo to his staff addressing what he described as an "uncertain" and "uneasy" time. "As we move forward in 2017, I ask each of you to help us better understand the many cultures and nations we serve," he said in the memo. "Lend your ear to differing voices and opinions. Embrace the diversity of our people and the world around us." Fink is one of several Wall Street CEOs who has sent a memo to employees in recent weeks, with many addressing President Donald Trump's move to sign an executive order temporarily barring entry to the US by all refugees and by citizens of seven majority-Muslim countries. Fink on Monday sent a memo to staff, also signed by Blackrock president Rob Kapito and Jeff Smith, global head of human resources, addressing the executive order.  JPMorgan has set up a hotline for those who think they may be affected by the executive order. Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein sent a memo to employees vowing to minimize any disruption resulting from the order. And Mike Corbat, the CEO of Citigroup, said "we are concerned about the message the executive order sends." Here's the memo from Fink in full: Executive Communication Renewing our principles as a global leader To: All employees Dear colleagues, For most of the last half century, the trend of globalization has moved almost exclusively in one direction: forward. Fueled by the transformative power of technology, the flow of people, goods, and capital accelerated across international borders. Nations grew closer together. The world became more intertwined and interdependent. Today, however, globalization is in retreat. The backlash against globalization that began in the Middle East, then spread to Europe, has now taken firm root in the U.S. While globalization has fueled economic growth and lifted millions out of poverty, it has also created dislocation and distributed benefits unevenly. As a result, economic nationalism is rising in many countries. The security and trade architecture that has governed recent decades is being redefined, and we are likely to see a fragmentation of global trade and capital flows as a result. At this time of profound change, I think it is important for us as a firm to recommit ourselves to certain core principles. First, we must rededicate ourselves to operating as a truly global company. Since our founding 29 years ago, BlackRock has sought to engage with and embrace talent and clients from cultures in all corners of the world. We will not retreat from that commitment. I have frequently talked about the need to be local in every market where we operate. The current environment makes that more urgent than ever. While we need to operate as One BlackRock across the globe, we also need to be German in Germany, Japanese in Japan and Mexican in Mexico. Even as we leverage the benefits of our global scale, we need to work to be more relevant to our clients in each market than any local player. The needs of investors in São Paulo differ from those in London, as those in Abu Dhabi differ from those in Hong Kong. The market dynamics are different. The cultures are different. The way people save and invest are different. We need to understand those differences and deliver advice and solutions that meet the unique needs of clients in each market. We also need to be active and engaged corporate citizens in these communities. We need to promote our commitment to long-termism. We need to contribute constructively through the products and services we provide as well as our philanthropy, policy advocacy, and the relationships we forge. As part of these efforts, BlackRock’s senior leadership engages with governments and leaders around the world – from the White House to 10 Downing to Zhongnanhai – when we believe engaging in public-private dialogue is necessary for long-term solutions. Second, we must renew our commitment to diversity and inclusion. These cannot be buzzwords – they are principles by which we must live. The employees of BlackRock represent more than 50 nations and speak more than 100 languages. We are people of many races, faiths, and cultures. That diversity is our strength. To deliver our commitments to our clients, we must attract the best talent, wherever we find it in the world. We need to nurture a culture where people of all types feel valued, included, and encouraged to reach their full potential. I recognize that this is an uncertain time – and an uneasy one. More than ever, we must continue to lead by example, living out our commitment to inclusion and to strengthening our ties with clients and partners around the world. As we move forward in 2017, I ask each of you to help us better understand the many cultures and nations we serve. Lend your ear to differing voices and opinions. Embrace the diversity of our people and the world around us. Deepen the bonds with the communities in which we operate. That always has been, and will remain, the BlackRock way. Larry Fink Chairman and CEO UPDATE: This story has been updated to reflect the fact that Larry Fink and his colleagues Rob Kapito and Jeff Smith sent a memo to staff on Monday addressing the US executive order restricting travel from seven countries in the Middle East and Africa. SEE ALSO: Wall Street just got a powerful reminder of the 'other things' that go with a Trump presidency NOW WATCH: The wealth of these 8 men equals the bottom 50% of the entire world Loading video... More: BlackRock facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's the memo Larry Fink, the head of the world's largest investor, just sent to staff on these 'uneasy' times Here's the memo Larry Fink, the head of the world's largest investor, just sent to staff on these 'uneasy' times Larry Fink, the chief executive at BlackRock... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teradata Co. (TDC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Stewart Information Services Corporation (STC) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.16 EPS Wedbush Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by SunTrust Banks, Inc. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (EW) PT Set at $120.00 by Credit Suisse Group L Brands Inc (LB) Given a $75.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Analysts The Blackstone Group L.P. (BX) Given a $40.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group Analysts Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (BWLD) Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird Analysts Set Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) PT at $70.72 Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc. (NSM) Receives $15.14 Average Price Target from Brokerages Royal Bank Of Canada (RY) Receives $86.00 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) PT at $328.06 Aerohive Networks, Inc. (HIVE) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday TELUS Corporation (TU) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.04 EPS Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Sky Plc (SKY) Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research International Paper Company (IP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P. (TNH) Plans $1.22 Quarterly Dividend ClearBridge Energy MLP Fund Inc (CEM) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 Analysts Set Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. (KOF) Target Price at $93.50 February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:KOF) has earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the seven analysts that are presently covering the company. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and two have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $93.50. A number of research firms have weighed in on KOF. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $72.00 target price (down from $86.00) on shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. in a research report on Saturday, January 14th. Citigroup Inc. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. in a research report on Saturday, October 29th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group restated a “buy” rating on shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Vontobel Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. by 29.4% in the third quarter. Vontobel Asset Management Inc. now owns 606,618 shares of the company’s stock valued at $45,495,000 after buying an additional 137,920 shares in the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC boosted its position in Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. by 9.9% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 39,311 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,948,000 after buying an additional 3,547 shares in the last quarter. Pring Turner Capital Group Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. during the second quarter valued at about $2,533,000. Analytic Investors LLC increased its stake in shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. by 23.0% in the third quarter. Analytic Investors LLC now owns 16,780 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,258,000 after buying an additional 3,140 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. by 76.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 61,230 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,593,000 after buying an additional 26,500 shares during the period. 5.73% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:KOF) opened at 64.07 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $62.43 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.25. Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. has a 12-month low of $59.44 and a 12-month high of $87.58. The firm has a market cap of $13.28 billion, a PE ratio of 28.08 and a beta of 0.82. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/04/analysts-set-coca-cola-femsa-s-a-b-de-c-v-kof-target-price-at-93-50.html. About Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. Coca-Cola FEMSA, SAB. de C.V. is a franchise bottler of Coca-Cola trademark beverages across the world. The Company and its subsidiaries are engaged in the production, distribution and marketing of certain Coca-Cola beverages. It is also engaged in acquiring, holding and transferring all types of bonds, shares and marketable securities. Receive News & Ratings for Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca Cola Femsa S.A.B. de C.V. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
About these ads Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading..." /> Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Monday 06 February, 2017 Breaking News > Football, Latest Stories, Sports Man United beats struggling champion Leicester 3-... Trending Topics: -Demonetisation - Donald Trump - India v/s England Cricket - South Asia - Elections Man United beats struggling champion Leicester 3-0 in EPL Bobadilla gets Augsburg winner; Frankfurt 3rd in Bundesliga Sevilla loses ground after home draw with Villarreal Benfica beats Nacional to stay ahead of Porto in Portugal WHO: Early Cancer Diagnosis Could Save Millions of Lives Business World INDIA Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- PAPER Published On: Sun, Feb 5th, 2017 Business News / Latest Stories | By New Delhi Times Bureau Banks lead stock surge as investors hope for regulation cuts Share This Tags Banks and other financial companies made big gains Friday after President Donald Trump moved to scale back regulations on the financial industry. Other stocks also rose as investors were also pleased that employers hired workers at a faster pace in January. Financial stocks made their biggest gains since shortly after the presidential election as Trump took his first steps to reduce regulations, which could boost profits for investment firms. The Labor Department said hiring sped up last month, a positive sign for the economy. Small-company stocks, which stand to benefit more than others from stronger economic growth, make sharp gains. Financial companies have made huge gains since Trump’s election, and his pledge to cut laws and rules that govern the industry is a major reason. “They’re going to benefit from not having all of this onerous red tape,” said Karyn Cavanaugh of Voya Investment Strategies. “That’s why we see the rallies every time they talk about regulation.” Cavanaugh said a reduction in regulations could also help banks lend more and speed up economic growth, which could benefit many other industries. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 186.55 points, or 0.9 percent, to 20,071.46. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index advanced 16.57 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,297.42. The Nasdaq composite picked up 30.57 points, or 0.5 percent, to close at a record high of 5,666.77. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks climbed 20.41 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,377.84. Smaller, domestically-focused companies may have more to gain than their larger peers from faster growth in the U.S. The Russell made big gains at the end of 2016 based on those hopes. On Friday Trump directed the Treasury Secretary to look for potential changes to the Dodd-Frank law, which reshaped financial regulations after the 2008-09 financial crisis. The order does not have any immediate impact, but investors applauded its intent. Trump also signed a memorandum that delayed an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients’ interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. JPMorgan Chase added $2.59, or 3.1 percent, to $87.18 and Goldman Sachs rose $10.54, or 4.6 percent, to $240.95. Morgan Stanley gained $2.30, or 5.5 percent, to $44.43. Smaller banks, which could find it easier to lend money if regulations are cut, also traded higher. Texas Capital Bancshares picked up $2.85, or 3.4 percent, to $86.10 and East West Bancorp rose $2.26, or 4.5 percent, to $52.72. U.S. employers added 227,000 jobs in January, according to the Labor Department. That’s more than last year’s average monthly gain of 187,000. The unemployment rate ticked up to a low 4.8 percent from 4.7 percent in December as more people started looking for work. That helped smaller companies and industrial stocks, both of which would benefit from faster economic growth. Visa said shoppers stepped up their use of debit and credit cards in the latest quarter, and the payment processing company also benefited from its acquisition of Visa Europe. Its profit and revenue were stronger than analysts expected, and Visa’s stock jumped $3.78, or 4.6 percent, to $86.08. Online retail giant Amazon traded lower as investors grew concerned about its sales. The company’s fourth-quarter sales fell short of analyst estimates, and so did its forecast for revenue in the current quarter. The stock gave up $29.75, or 3.5 percent, to $810.20. Macy’s stock soared after the Wall Street Journal reported that Hudson’s Bay Co., the owner of Saks Fifth Avenue, could buy the department store chain. The companies declined to comment. Macy’s jumped $1.97, or 6.4 percent, to $32.69. The stock has been trading around five-year lows. Hudson’s Bay stock rose almost 4 percent in Toronto. Biotech drugmaker Amgen disclosed a bigger profit and better sales than analysts had expected. It also reported results from a study that showed its new cholesterol drug Repatha reduced the risk of death, heart attack and stroke in patients with advanced atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. That could help boost prescriptions for the drug. Amgen jumped $7.95, or 5 percent, to $167.53. Underwear, t-shirt and sock maker Hanesbrands announced surprisingly weak holiday sales and gave disappointing projections for the year. Its stock slumped $3.73, or 16.4 percent, to $18.98, its lowest price in almost three years. Bond prices wobbled, then turned higher. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.47 percent from 2.48 percent. Benchmark U.S. crude added 29 cents to $53.83 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 25 cents to $56.81 a barrel in London. Gold inched up $1.40 to $1,220.80 an ounce. Silver added 5 cents to $17.48 an ounce. Copper lost 7 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $2.62 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.55 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.67 a gallon. Natural gas dropped 12 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $3.06 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar rose to 112.96 yen from 112.70 yen. The euro inched up to $1.0765 from $1.0764. France’s CAC 40 jumped 0.6 percent. The British FTSE 100 rose 0.7 percent while Germany’s DAX added 0.2 percent. The Nikkei 225 in Tokyo finish almost unchanged and Seoul’s Kospi added 0.1 percent. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong shed 0.2 percent. Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP) About these ads Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News Man United beats struggling champion Leicester 3-0 in EPL Bobadilla gets Augsburg winner; Frankfurt 3rd in Bundesliga Sevilla loses ground after home draw with Villarreal Benfica beats Nacional to stay ahead of Porto in Portugal Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 info@newdelhitimes.com Top Posts & Pages Cliffs collapse at Hawaii volcano, stopping 'firehose' flow Oswalt says heart condition, meds killed wife India - UAE relations open new frontiers of bilateralism Subscribe Enter your email address Email Address Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2016, info@newdelhitimes.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths Fitlive.ie Fitlive.ie Events Training Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Six Nations Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business World Saturday 11 February 2017 Wall Street banks faces stress tests to prove strength Jesse Hamilton Published 05/02/2017 | 02:30 0 Comments Share Wall Street banks faces stress tests to prove strength Independent.ie Wall Street banks will have to show they could survive a major global recession as part of an annual Federal Reserve exercise aimed at ensuring the biggest lenders aren't vulnerable to a new financial crisis. http://www.independent.ie/business/world/wall-street-banks-faces-stress-tests-to-prove-strength-35424128.html http://www.independent.ie/world-news/article35424205.ece/fbe86/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews_P-443a0992-ccfe-40ae-bd17-9effeba7a755_I1.jpg Email The stress tests, which were introduced after the 2008 financial crisis, have driven capital levels higher as banks try to ensure they're not among those buckling under the Fed's nightmare scenarios (Stock picture) Wall Street banks will have to show they could survive a major global recession as part of an annual Federal Reserve exercise aimed at ensuring the biggest lenders aren't vulnerable to a new financial crisis. Share Wall Street banks faces stress tests to prove strength Independent.ie Wall Street banks will have to show they could survive a major global recession as part of an annual Federal Reserve exercise aimed at ensuring the biggest lenders aren't vulnerable to a new financial crisis. http://www.independent.ie/business/world/wall-street-banks-faces-stress-tests-to-prove-strength-35424128.html http://www.independent.ie/world-news/article35424205.ece/fbe86/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews_P-443a0992-ccfe-40ae-bd17-9effeba7a755_I1.jpg Email Go To Comments The stress-test scenarios released on Friday by the Fed will be used to determine whether firms such as JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs and Deutsche Bank are strong enough to withstand a major blow to the broader economy. Good performance could give banks more leeway to pay dividends to their shareholders and buy back stock. The newly-released scenarios feature the jobless rate climbing 5.25 percentage points to 10pc and difficulties in corporate lending. Most midsize and smaller US lenders will get a big break this year after the Fed said earlier this week that it would let them escape from one of the toughest parts of the exams. Banks are required to submit their capital plans and stress test results to the Fed by April 5. The central bank said it will announce the results before the end of June. The stress tests, which were introduced after the 2008 financial crisis, have driven capital levels higher as banks try to ensure they're not among those buckling under the Fed's nightmare scenarios. On Monday, the central bank said only the 13 biggest lenders will now face the so-called qualitative side of the tests, where many have been tripped up in the past. The annual reviews required under the Dodd-Frank Act could be under a different sort of stress as President Donald Trump calls for a sweeping review of the 2010 law as part of an attack on what he sees as over-regulation. Though the stress tests weren't specifically named, they were a core part in the post-crisis overhaul required by the law, and industry groups are waiting to see whether those and similar requirements get easier in the future. Trump is also weighing nominations for key positions including Fed vice chairman for supervision. Bloomberg Sunday Indo Business Follow @Indobusiness Read More American stocks extend gains as Opec cut helps lift crude oil  Bloomberg US stocks extended to all-time highs as crude rallied, while Treasuries slipped with gold after a White House promise to overhaul business taxes rejuvenated reflation trades. Republican plan to ease Wall Street rules as party embraces deregulation  Patrick Rucker The Republican chairman of a key House of Representatives committee has laid out his plan to roll back Wall Street rules and consumer protections conceived after the 2008 financial crisis, a step that... Romania and its Nato base a ‘clear threat’, says Russia  Roland Oliphant in London The Russian government views Romania as a military threat whose government is pursuing “Russophobic” policies, a senior diplomat said. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Republican plan to ease Wall Street rules as party embraces deregulation  World American stocks extend gains as Opec cut helps lift crude oil  World Nervous investors retreat from euro amid fears over EU election upheaval  World Comment: Melania Trump isn't the innocent bystander we think she is  Voices 'Savage' biker headbutted hero cyclist in front of his daughter  Courts Police seek key witness after Irish woman (29) is killed by train in England  Irish News HSE staff went on bonding trip as 'secret waiting lists' scandal emerged  Health Taoiseach and Tánaiste leave Zappone isolated as Cabinet left struggling with Tusla...  Irish News Hillary Clinton trolls Donald Trump over his '3-0' travel ban defeat Liverpool FC bans journalists from The Sun from Anfield and Melwood training ground over Hillsborough coverage 'We will be having a quiet party with family and friends' - Dublin workers syndicate pick up €88.5m lotto win Comment: Melania Trump isn't the innocent bystander we think she is Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business American stocks extend gains as Opec cut helps lift crude oil US stocks extended to all-time highs as crude rallied,... Republican plan to ease Wall Street rules as party embraces deregulation The Republican chairman of a key House of... Romania and its Nato base a ‘clear threat’, says Russia The Russian government views Romania as a military threat whose government... European shares up for third straight day European shares climbed for a third consecutive session on Thursday, with some... IMF reforms report too pessimistic, say Greeks Greece has pushed back against the International Monetary Fund's (IMF) view that the... Nervous investors retreat from euro amid fears over EU election upheaval Political uncertainty ahead of European elections... Beyoncé CD sales help Sony ring up higher Irish profits up 18pc to €312k Sales of CDs by global artists, Calvin Harris and... US has 'huge economic interest' in Norwegian Air as it's set to fly low-cost from... America has a "huge economic interest" in the success... Turkish Islamist hackers group blamed for bringing Austria parliament website down Austria's parliament said that a Turkish Islamist... Lloyds to carry out review into customers who fell victim to HBOS fraud Lloyds Banking Group said it will carry out a review and... hp_kyran.mp4 How better animal husbandry can make a herd more profitable VIDEO: How Much Is Your House Worth? Ireland's most comprehensive survey of prices shows calm in the capital, heated... VIDEO: Facebook takes fake news ' very seriously' Nicola Mendelsohn, Facebook's Vice President for Europe, the Middle East and... VIDEO: Russia releases silver Trump commemorative coin A Russian company has issued silver coins with Donald Trump's face on them to... VIDEO - May: Maintaining common travel area with Ireland a priority 'The family ties and bonds of affection that... VIDEO: Take a first look at the brand new Nintendo Switch Some lucky gamers get first dibs on the new Nintendo Switch console before it... VIDEO: Revealed - Which is better? Cows milk or almond milk? VIDEO: Donald Trump's top five Twitter feuds Following his latest online spat with Meryl Streep, take a look back at... VIDEO: Record airlift of thoroughbreds from Ireland to China as 76 animals airlifted from Shannon Press Photographer Association of Ireland (PPAI) awards - winning pictures Press Photographer of the Year 2017 Gerry Mooney - A Portfolio In pictures: Shakira and Forest Whitaker attend annual World Economic Forum (WEF) From magic mirrors to kissing robots - the best from the world's biggest tech show Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts Crime World News Europe Britain North America President Trump Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions Switching Saturday How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Six Nations Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Six Nations The Left Wing Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports Greyhounds MMA LeftField Sigerson & Fitzgibbon Cups The Left Wing Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Reader Travel Awards Ireland Europe World/USA Family Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Northern Ireland Video Podcasts Search Go
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. Here's what everyone in the drug industry is talking about right now Lydia Ramsey Feb. 5, 2017, 5:17 PM 16,242 facebook linkedin twitter email print President Trump meets with pharma CEOs.Reuters We're only one month into 2017, and yet there have already been a bunch of headlines focused on the healthcare sector.  From the impact Donald Trump will have on the sector to increasing drug pricing (yes, that again), there has already been enough news to suggest that the industry is in for a big 2017.  To get a sense of what else to expect in the year ahead, while at the JPMorgan Healthcare Conference in early January, we asked healthcare executives to identify the topics they expect to become a part of the national conversation.  Here are seven main topics they said to keep an eye out for: View As: One Page Slides New Alzheimer's treatments Beta-amyloid plaque in three brains of people with Alzheimer's disease (left) and three brains of controls (right).Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 2016 was not a banner year for Alzheimer's drugs in development. There were four flops, including a key late-stage trial for solanezumab, which came out of research on the "amyloid hypothesis," or the idea that targeting beta amyloid deposits in the brain to clear them out was the way to go about treating the disease. Right now, there are only four treatments that treat the symptoms of Alzheimer's, and on average about 99% of all drugs in clinical trials never actually make it to approval. "We're praying for an Alzheimer's breakthrough," Opiant CEO Roger Crystal told Business Insider. Opiant is a biotech developing treatments for addiction and eating disorders.   There are a handful of key trials that are wrapping up in 2017. If any of those goes well, they could be a step in the right direction.  What Donald Trump will do with healthcare President Donald Trump hosts a meeting with business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House in Washington January 23, 2017, including Johnson & Johnson CEO Alex Gorsky.Kevin Lamarque/Reuters Drug companies had largely been bracing themselves for a different election result in the US. When President Donald Trump was elected, biotechnology stocks rose 13.3% by the end of election week, as it was thought that a Clinton victory would have been negative for the sector. That all took a major turn in January when Trump said at a press conference that drug companies are "getting away with murder," saying that the US should start bidding on drugs to bring prices down.  Pharma CEOs met with Trump on January 31, but Trump's exact policy plan for drug pricing still appears to be up in the air.  Also up in the air is Trump's plan for the Affordable Care Act, which would impact drugmakers. Corporate tax reform President Donald Trump meet with Pharma industry representatives.Reuters Corporate tax reform was one of the big issues healthcare CEOs brought up during the meeting with the president.  "We're going to be lowering taxes, we're going to be getting rid of regulations that are unnecessary," Trump said.  That could have a huge impact on the pharmaceutical industry. The healthcare sector has seen a number of so-called inversions, where companies merge with a foreign company and switch their tax domicile to a lower-tax jurisdiction in the process.  Liquid biopsies A standard blood draw.Hollis Johnson/Business Insider Though they've been around for some time, some executives thought 2017 would be the year that liquid biopsies make it into dinner-table conversations.  Unlike solid-tumor biopsies (where a piece of a tumor is taken out and tested), these "liquid" versions just pick up clues from the blood. They rely on something called "circulating tumor DNA," or the bits of DNA that are released from dying tumor cells into the bloodstream. There are a number of companies tackling the liquid biopsy at different stages — including Grail, a startup raising more than $1 billion for its cancer-screening liquid biopsy test. If liquid biopsies start getting used to screen healthy people for the early signs of cancer, that's likely the moment we'll all start to hear about them.  Cancer immunotherapy A healthy human t-cell is shown in this scanning electron micrograph image.NIAID / Flickr In the past few years, cancer immunotherapy, or the idea of harnessing the body's immune system to fight cancer, has made a major resurgence.  The big thing in 2017 is watching immunotherapy become more of a standard treatment — alongside chemotherapy, radiation and surgery — rather than just a cutting-edge experimental treatment.  "Chemo makes your hair fall out, immunotherapy cures you," said Rachel Humphrey, chief medical officer of CytomX, a biotech that's trying to develop safer ways to give these treatments. Microbiome Flickr/NIAID The delicate balance of microbes living inside each of us, collectively called our microbiome, has had a lot of buzz in recent years for potentially being the key to treat a whole host of different ailments. But in 2016, a failed trial for a microbiome therapy cast a shadow over the feasibility of these treatments. In 2017, we might start to see if that shadow's warranted, based on other treatments in development. "I think you see more along the lines of thoughtful approaches to the microbiome," Scott Brun head of AbbVie Ventures, the drugmaker's venture arm, said. Precision medicine becoming more than just a buzzword Lydia Ramsey/Business Insider In theory, precision medicine or personalized medicine, makes a lot of sense. Each person is unique, and could require a unique treatment for whatever ails him or her. It's a concept the Obama administration dedicated a lot of time and money to, but there's been a lot of skepticism from the medical community about how well it works in practice. Even so, people in the industry are optimistic about where the area's going. "We're starting to really come to appreciate that not every patient is going to benefit from every drug," Tom Zioncheck, senior director in business development at Genentech, said. "Now we're entering an age where we've got a drug not that we think is good for Ms. Smith, it's made for Ms. Smith," Neon Therapeutics chief business officer Robert Ang told Business Insider. Neon's working in the space on developing personalized cancer vaccines, a type of cancer immunotherapy that would go after a person's specific cancer mutations.  SEE ALSO: We asked pharma executives the one question they didn't want to hear about drug pricing DON'T MISS: Donald Trump just took the joy out of the drug industry's biggest investor conference More: Features pharma Drug pricing Trump JPM17 Liquid biopsy facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's what everyone in the drug industry is talking about right now Here's what everyone in the drug industry is talking about right now We're only one month into 2017, and... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
February 11, 2017 | 76° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business Breaking| Top News First Hawaiian shares down after sell off By Dave Segal dsegal@staradvertiser.com Posted February 06, 2017 February 6, 2017 Updated February 6, 2017 3:42pm CINDY ELLEN RUSSELL / CRUSSELL@STARADVERTISER.COM First Hawaiian Bank signage from the main branch on Bishop Street Paris banking giant BNP Paribas is gradually relinquishing its stake in First Hawaiian Bank. An affiliate of BNP raised $800 million in a secondary offering today after selling 25 million shares of holding company First Hawaiian Inc. at $32 a share. The sale reduced BNP’s stake in First Hawaiian to 64.6 percent. BNP, which at one time owned 100 percent of the state’s largest bank, could see its stake drop even lower to 62 percent if the offering’s underwriters exercise their option to purchase an additional 3.75 million shares. They have 30 days to exercise that option. The sale is being managed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Bank of America Corp., JPMorgan Chase & Co and BNP. BNP, which keeps all the proceeds from the offering, has been selling off part of its stake in First Hawaiian to generate more capital and satisfy regulatory requirements. BNP has said in Securities and Exchange Commission filings that it plans to sell off its remaining ownership of the bank over an unspecified period of time. As a restriction in today’s sale, BNP will have to wait at least 90 days before selling any additional shares. First Hawaiian’s stock closed down 37 cents for the day at $31.90 in Nasdaq trading. The company’s market capitalization of $4.45 billion ranks first in the state among publicly traded companies. Shares in the company are up 38.7 percent since it went public in August at the initial public offering price of $23. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Tata out as Kahuku football head coach Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson joins critics of Under Armour CEO’s Trump remark Suiaunoa named Warriors’ defensive coordinator Flash flood watch covers Oahu, Kauai, Niihau after midnight Rio is stuck with big bills and vacant venues after Olympics 2 comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. justmyview371 says: February 6, 2017 at 2:32 pm So First Hawaiian is even a Hawaiian bank. Log in to Reply ConsiderThis says: February 6, 2017 at 6:58 pm I have had accounts depleted by First Hawaiian Bank executives Log in to Reply Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 February 2017 by Military News Business Protest Against Immigration Order, Part II – The Minute SOURCE: 3BL Media, LLC DESCRIPTION: The administration’s order that halts travel into the US from some predominantly Muslim countries continues to drive business to protest. Nearly 100 tech companies have filed a friend-of-court brief in a federal appeals court, arguing that the ban hurts their businesses. Big brands among the signees include Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Uber, Twitter, Airbnb, Intel, eBay, Netflix, and Snapchat. Others who signed include Levi Strauss and Chobani. The legal step follows earlier statements of concern by the likes of Expedia, Lyft, Etsy, Starbucks, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Citibank, BlackRock, Morgan Stanley, Ford, and General Motors. The recent filing notes “immigrants or their children founded more than 200 of the companies on the Fortune 500 list.” As American businesses add up the value of values to their bottom lines, look for more statements from companies on issues of public policy. I’m John Howell for 3BL Media. Video source:  The CSRMinute: Business Protest Against Immigration Order, Part II Tweet me: U.S. companies are protesting the administration’s immigration order. #CSRminute @3blmedia http://bit.ly/2lcm11E KEYWORDS: Business & Trade, CSR Minute CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, general, Legal, Travel, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Home Theater Audio Systems Market Sales Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Trending Regions 2017 Next PostNext Noted Security Expert and Author Malcolm Harkins to Host “Protect to Enable” Webinar Series Based on Book Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Operation Food Search to Hold Fourth Purses for Pantries Fundraiser Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Keller Williams Realty Memphis Announces Kiana Lee Attendee List Released Ahead of RNA Therapeutics Industry Summit Featuring MHRA, Silence Therapeutics and GSK Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest BankThink Banks are losing the political long game Slideshow 'Not hearts and minds': Comments of the week What's behind Hensarling's aggressive Dodd-Frank changes Cheat sheet: Hensarling's plans to gut CFPB, revamp stress tests How CFPB commission could overcome Dem opposition search goes here BankThink Banks are losing the political long game By Rob Blackwell Published February 06 2017, 4:22pm EST More in Financial reform Dodd-Frank Donald Trump Jamie Dimon Elizabeth Warren Bernie Sanders Print Email Reprints Share Share on At first glance, the current political climate appears to be looking up for banks. Congressional Republicans are due this week to unveil their latest attempt to roll back the Dodd-Frank Act, while President Trump signed an executive order Friday targeting the 2010 financial reform law. But there is a significant downside to what’s going on, one that might not be clear to banks until it’s too late. Trump’s early assault on Dodd-Frank has angered the Democratic base, emboldening bank critics Sens. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., and Bernie Sanders, I-Vt. At the very least, the order is likely to hamper efforts to reach comprehensive regulatory reform. In the long run, however – assuming Democrats ever regain the White House or Congress – it could lead to far more drastic consequences. Items like big-bank breakups, higher capital requirements and a restoration of the Glass-Steagall Act, which separated commercial and investment banking, may ultimately be back on the agenda. Democrats are liable to seize on this photo of JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon (left) with President Donald Trump to show the president's close ties to Wall Street. Bloomberg News That’s because as Republicans and financial executives embrace Trump, Democrats are moving further to the left. This is the natural outcome for most political parties after a loss, similar to Republicans who tacked right after President Obama’s election. But the stakes for banks from the coming realignment are likely to be significant. Despite all the banker anger directed at Dodd-Frank, it was not a law built to dramatically reinterpret the financial system. Policymakers like former Rep. Barney Frank, D-Mass., then-Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner and former Sen. Chris Dodd, D-Conn., were far more interested in preserving the existing system than tearing it down. Similarly, Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign called for only modest reforms to the financial system, centered mostly on defending Dodd-Frank rather than adding to it. But Frank, Dodd and Clinton are part of yesterday’s Democratic Party, pre-Trump-era policymakers who do not reflect the current mood among the base. And if that mood can be summed up in one word, it is this: vengeance. Witness the remarks by Democratic leaders over the weekend after Trump issued his executive order on financial regulations. Sanders called Trump a “fraud,” noting that Trump criticized Wall Street during the campaign, but has tied himself to it now. “This guy ran for president of the United States saying, ‘I, Donald Trump, I’m going to take on Wall Street. These guys are getting away with murder,' ” Sanders said on CNN. “And then suddenly, he appoints all these billionaires. His major financial adviser comes from Goldman Sachs. And now he is going to dismantle legislation that protects consumers.” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said Trump and his advisers “are putting forth a Wall Street-first policy at the expense of the American people. They want to take us back.” But the best summary of the current zeitgeist within the Democratic party came from Warren, who delivered a fiery speech over the weekend in which she called on Democrats to “grow a backbone.” “Always remember: The Republicans are not on your side,” Warren said. “They’re rushing to unleash the big banks. They’re rushing to gut the consumer agency that has forced banks to give $12 billion back to customers they cheated. “They’re ramming through a Cabinet of ethically challenged billionaires with long histories of grinding working people into the dirt. And the corporate CEOs and the Wall Street bankers and the lobbyists are so happy they are doing little money dances in the halls of Congress.” Warren’s solution wasn’t to cut deals or look for places to compromise. In unambiguous language, she urged Democrats to oppose the GOP at every turn. “The so-called leaders of the Republican Party can keep their rich friends,” Warren said. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again? We will fight back!” Bankers tend to dismiss this kind of populism, but it has struck a nerve with Democrats and it plays well politically. Just ask Trump, who successfully painted Clinton as a tool of Wall Street. Next time around, it will be Democrats making that charge, showing as proof photos of Trump hobnobbing last week at the White House with JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon. (Indeed, a CNN writer used the photo in a tweet as evidence that Trump had made an abrupt about-face on Wall Street.) Already on Monday, the fallout was becoming clearer. Liberal groups called for a rally Tuesday evening that would start at JPMorgan’s headquarters and proceed in a march to Goldman Sachs. To be sure, Democrats in Congress have some motivation to compromise. They must defend more than two dozen Senate seats in the 2018 election cycle, giving them an incentive to try to get things done. Moreover, some GOP lawmakers believe they can use the budget reconciliation process to win some Dodd-Frank reforms without Democrats’ help. But the executive order – and banks’ perceived complicity with Trump’s administration – will make reaching common ground tougher. And any provisions that are part of reconciliation are likely to fall well short of the broader changes for which bankers are hoping. And as the Democratic base moves further to the left, the next time political power swings in its direction, there will be no Clinton or Geithner to urge moderation. Bankers may be inclined to enjoy this moment while they have it. But one day, the bill will come due—and the cost is likely to be high. Rob Blackwell Washington Bureau Chief for American Banker. More from this Author You'll Never Get Real Oversight of the CFPB This Way The Trouble with Trump for Bankers How Sanders' Bank Plan Would Kill Credit Availability for the Poor BankThink submission guidelines Want to contribute to BankThink, American Banker's platform for informed opinion about the ideas, trends and events reshaping financial services? View our detailed submission criteria and instructions. Comments(4) Login or Subscribe Posted By Common Sense Tuesday, February 07 2017 at 6:50 PM Democrats are moving further to the left... no surprise there. Look how well it worked for them. It almost sounds as though the author thinks we should all lean to the left too. That way we don't offend the Democrats. You are sounding like a cheerleader and her ilk. Repealing bad policies or government entities is always a good move. Show All Comments Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Subscribe Register Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Report It Community Black History Month Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes 38° F Overcast Hi: 49° F Lo: 38° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Featured: Chicago Auto Show 2017 Latest Headlines Obamacare supporters in Sharon tell lawmaker ‘keep hands off the ACA’ February 10, 2017 Protests like this have been popping up across the country, made up of people who are worried about a repeal without a replacement. Woman recovers from shot to face while family urges community for help February 10, 2017 As Ellen Zban heals, police continue to search for the suspect who attacked her in her Youngstown driveway. East Liverpool official hopeful collapsed wall will be fixed February 10, 2017 New Greek restaurant to open on 224 in Boardman February 10, 2017 Youngstown Police Department adds 5 to the ranks February 10, 2017 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 38° F Overcast Feels Like: 31° F Wind: SW 10 Humidity: 57% Dewpoint: 24° F Sunrise: 7:22 AM Sunset: 5:52 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Latest Headlines Tigers sweep Indians, finish season undefeated in ITCL 1:49 am This season series was personal for Wellsville because the team was defeated by Southern Local last year. Batt notches 1,000 but Wilmington ends Greenville’s perfect season February 10, 2017 Greenville’s Joe Batt notched his 1,000th career point Friday night but in the end, the Trojans perfect season ended at the hands of Wilming… Player of the Game: McDonald’s Zach Rasile February 10, 2017 McDonald clinches ITCL’s Blue Tier with victory over Western Reserve February 10, 2017 Bristol rounds out NAC play a perfect 15-0 February 10, 2017 Report It Community Black History Month Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes Search for: Search the site 38° F Overcast Hi: 49° F Lo: 38° F Local bank hopes Trump reforms Dodd-Frank law The CEO for a local bank said Dodd-Frank created too many regulations for banks, hurting small businesses By Dave Sess Published: February 6, 2017, 3:49 pm Updated: February 6, 2017, 7:26 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) President Donald Trump holds up an executive order after his signing the order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. The executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Related Coverage Trump launches his attack on banks’ financial restraints WASHINGTON, D.C. (WKBN) – The CEO of a local bank said he is happy that President Donald Trump will review Wall Street reform laws. He said part of the Dodd-Frank law hurts the potential for banks to help small businesses. Friday, Trump signed an executive order asking for a review of the Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, signed by President Barack Obama in 2010. The 2008 financial crisis led to a host of new rules called “too big to fail regulations,” reducing the risk of any more taxpayer-financed bailouts. The Dodd-Frank rules were designed for the 10 largest banks but became a one-size-fits-all approach to banking. The rules were set up to restrict risky mortgages, which required a $700 billion bailout in 2008. The law aimed to restrain banks from actions that many Americans blamed for the crisis, but Farmers National Bank CEO Kevin Helmick said it also caught up the banking industry with red tape. Helmick said 20 percent of the specifics of the Dodd-Frank Law haven’t been written so part of the review will be whether the rules should be halted or adjusted. He said he believes that parts of the law, like requiring banks to hold more money than they lend, have also hurt small businesses. “Not being able to get capital into the hands of small businesses — we’re very passionate here about serving our small businesses, think it’s such a critical part of the economy — so when we’re focused on handling regulations, makes it difficult to do that,” Helmick said. The regulations are still in place, and no laws have been changed yet. Trump said last week, however, that the laws have been a disaster in restricting banks’ activities, saying, “We’re going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank.” Helmick admits that Farmers National Bank is not going to save tremendous amounts of money on compliance should the laws be changed. But one possible change is to stop requiring banks to keep so much money in house and let them lend it out. “It will allow us to be more focused and lend more efficiently. I believe we should just leave that up to the banks, let banks create processes and opportunities for our small businesses, and consumers get access to money, and that’s what the American economy is built on,” he said. Business leaders, including JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, say the Dodd-Frank regulations have restricted job creation. But some Democrats, like Sen. Elizabeth Warren, said the restrictions keep Wall Street bankers and lobbyists in check, saying their greed “nearly destroyed this country.” Trump also signed another executive action to look into a new rule that will affect the banking industry — on the relationships between investors and financial advisers. The fiduciary rule is more than just about fees, but how advisers get compensated is the main reason that it was put together. The Associated Press contributed to this report.  . Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Trump launches his attack on banks’ financial restraints How Trump’s plan to pay for Mexico border wall would work Trump meeting with auto industry leaders Tuesday Trump summons business leaders, lawmakers to White House Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper World Trump moves to scale back financial regulations The Associated Press | Friday, Feb. 3, 2017, 3:45 p.m. President Donald Trump holds up an executive order after his signing the order in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 3, 2017. The executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after 2008-2009 crisis. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is taking his first steps aimed at scaling back financial services regulations, and the Republican-run Congress cast a vote early Friday signaling that it's eager to help. The president signed an executive order that will direct the Treasury secretary to review a 2010 financial oversight law, which reshaped financial regulation after the 2008-09 financial crisis. Trump also signed a presidential memorandum that instructs the Labor Department to delay implementing an Obama-era rule that requires financial professionals who charge commissions to put their clients' best interests first when giving advice on retirement investments. While the financial oversight order won't have any immediate impact, the administration's intent is clear. “The Dodd-Frank Act is a disastrous policy that's hindering our markets, reducing the availability of credit and crippling our economy's ability to grow and create jobs,” said Press Secretary Sean Spicer. Earlier Friday, the Senate used an unusual pre-dawn vote to approve legislation, 52-47, killing a regulation that has required oil and gas companies to disclose payments to the U.S. or foreign governments for commercial development. The House approved the measure this week, and Trump is expected to sign it. Republicans said the rejected regulation gives foreign competitors valuable information about U.S. firms and would hurt the economy. Democrats said erasing the requirement means big companies will be able to hide questionable dealings with foreign governments like Russia. Trump pledged during his campaign to repeal and replace the Dodd-Frank law, which also created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. A senior White House official outlined his executive order in a background briefing with reporters Thursday. “Dodd-Frank is a disaster,” Trump said earlier this week during a meeting with small business owners. “We're going to be doing a big number on Dodd-Frank.” The shorthand name for the law refers to its Democratic sponsors, former Sen. Chris Dodd of Connecticut and former Rep. Barney Frank of Massachusetts. The president said he'd be discussing the topic with top CEOs and banking executives at a meeting Friday morning at the White House, where attendees included Jamie Dimon, the CEO of JPMorgan Chase. “There's nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie, so you're going to tell me about it,” Trump said. He told the group that he expects his administration “to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine that have nice businesses that can't borrow money. They just can't get any money because the banks just won't let ‘em borrow because of the rules and regulations of Dodd-Frank.” Trump's order won't have any immediate impact. But it directs the Treasury secretary to consult with members of different regulatory agencies and the Financial Stability Oversight Council and report back on potential changes. That likely includes a review of the CFPB, which vastly expanded regulators' ability to police consumer products - from mortgages to credit cards to student loans. Trump administration officials, like other critics, argue Dodd-Frank did not achieve what it set out to do and portray it as an example of massive government overreach. “Banks are forced to hoard money because they're forced to hoard capital and they can't take any risk. We need to get banks back in the lending business,” said White House National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn in an interview with Fox Business Network. “That's our number one objective.” Trump also signed a presidential memorandum Friday that instructs the Labor Department to delay implementing the “fiduciary rule,” which was aimed at blocking financial advisers from steering clients toward investments with higher commissions and fees that can eat away at retirement savings. The rule, which was set to take effect in April, will be delayed for 90 days while it's reviewed. Critics argue the rule limits retirees' investment choices by forcing asset managers to steer them to the lowest-risk options. More Nation/World Sacrificing California spillway may avoid emergency releases Appeals court OKs NYC salt-warning rule for some restaurants Official: $4B bond meant as jab at trend of exorbitant bonds Trump considers writing 'brand new' immigration order After Louvre attack, France foils another terrorist plot TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Make less than $54K? The Earned Income Tax Credit may be for you Third-grader dies from flu in Washington County Steelers' Villanueva's reunion with interpreter to be featured on ESPN Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Bigotry is poison, Penguins and a funeral home comfort dog (Jan. 30 - Feb. 5) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing FirstCash Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FirstCash Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts FirstCash Inc (FCFS) Given New $52.00 Price Target at JMP Securities Posted by Jacob Kohn on Feb 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet FirstCash Inc (NASDAQ:FCFS) had its price target lowered by JMP Securities from $57.00 to $52.00 in a report released on Friday. The firm currently has a mkt outperform rating on the stock. Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Wedbush initiated coverage on shares of FirstCash in a report on Monday, October 10th. They set an outperform rating and a $58.00 price objective on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of FirstCash in a report on Monday, November 14th. TheStreet downgraded shares of FirstCash from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Stephens began coverage on shares of FirstCash in a report on Thursday, January 12th. They issued an equal weight rating and a $44.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of FirstCash from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $51.11. FirstCash (NASDAQ:FCFS) traded down 0.46% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $43.35. 253,892 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $45.02 and its 200 day moving average is $47.77. FirstCash has a 1-year low of $35.01 and a 1-year high of $53.95. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.10 billion, a PE ratio of 25.23 and a beta of 0.90. FirstCash (NASDAQ:FCFS) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.77 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.76 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $462.04 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $451.64 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.69 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 141.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts forecast that FirstCash will post $2.41 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/06/firstcash-inc-fcfs-given-new-52-00-price-target-at-jmp-securities.html. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, February 28th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, February 14th will be given a $0.19 dividend. This represents a $0.76 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.74%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, February 10th. FirstCash’s payout ratio is currently 25.38%. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in FirstCash by 83.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,354,858 shares of the company’s stock worth $157,947,000 after buying an additional 1,525,120 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in FirstCash by 158.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,550,538 shares of the company’s stock worth $73,000,000 after buying an additional 951,670 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in FirstCash by 79.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,285,473 shares of the company’s stock worth $60,520,000 after buying an additional 568,312 shares during the period. New York State Common Retirement Fund increased its position in FirstCash by 1,231.7% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 386,193 shares of the company’s stock worth $18,182,000 after buying an additional 357,193 shares during the period. Finally, Northern Trust Corp increased its position in FirstCash by 89.0% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 749,109 shares of the company’s stock worth $35,268,000 after buying an additional 352,758 shares during the period. About FirstCash FirstCash, Inc, formerly First Cash Financial Services, Inc, is an operator of retail-based pawn stores in the United States and Mexico. The Company’s primary business is the operation of pawn stores, which make small pawn loans secured by personal property. Its pawn stores generate retail sales from the merchandise acquired through collateral forfeitures and over-the-counter purchases from customers. Receive News & Ratings for FirstCash Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FirstCash Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Capital Investment Advisory Services LLC Takes Position in Sunoco Logistics Partners LP (SXL) Next » Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Given New $41.00 Price Target at JMP Securities Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, February 11, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump to Issue Security Order While Weighing Course on Ban By PETER BAKER President Trump promised to introduce new measures by next week to prevent terrorists entering the country. While he vowed to keep fighting for the original order in court, he indicated that he would not wait to take action. Trump’s Legal Options in Travel Ban Case Immigrants on Edge at Reports of Raids By NICHOLAS KULISH, CAITLIN DICKERSON and LIZ ROBBINS 9:55 PM ET Despite social media accounts of mass roundups, it was unclear whether an executive order by Mr. Trump was the cause. News Analysis Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge By MARK LANDLER The president is proving to be less of a radical than either his campaign statements or his tempestuous early phone calls with foreign leaders would suggest.  Comments Trump Backs Off on Taiwan, and China Gets Upper Hand Trump Adopts a Harder Line on Israeli Settlements Full Coverage of the Administration » NYT Now Trump Gets Chance to Reshape Fed as 3rd Official Quits By BINYAMIN APPELBAUM Daniel K. Tarullo, who has led financial regulation efforts, said on Friday that he would resign, leaving three vacant seats on the central bank’s board. MORE IN POLITICS Trump Vows to ‘Look Into’ Flynn’s Talks With Russia Trump Reassures Japan About Alliance Trump Rejects Tillerson’s Pick for Deputy Secretary of State DeVos Is Briefly Blocked From Entering a School Italian Judge Breaks Up Families as Way to Break Up the Mob By GAIA PIANIGIANI An Italian magistrate separates children from their mob families and moves them elsewhere in Italy to interrupt a generational cycle of criminality. The Daily 360 1:37 One Performer and 4,000 Boxes Joan Marcus. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. An opioid user in Rainelle, W.Va. Health officials say the Affordable Care Act has helped make progress in the opioid epidemic. Credit Mark Trent Without Health Law, Addicts May Lose Most By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE and ABBY GOODNOUGH The Affordable Care Act expanded access to mental health and addiction treatment, by designating them as “essential benefits.” Providers fear its repeal will be a setback in the opioid epidemic. Smarter Living Stories From Around the Web and in The Times We Recommend By ANNA DUBENKO and MICHELLE L. DOZOIS A guide to best stuff to read, watch and listen to, on and off The Times. Unbuttoned What You Need to Know About This Fashion Season By VANESSA FRIEDMAN From all the change in New York to the Paris gossip grapevine, the ready-to-wear shows are going to be as topsy-turvy as everyday life. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times African Nations’ Answer to Protests: Shut Down Internet By DIONNE SEARCEY and FRANCOIS ESSOMBA Governments facing opposition in sub-Saharan Africa call internet blackouts a security measure, but crippled communications are taking a toll on their economies. Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman Jail, and Deportation By MICHAEL WINES Rosa Maria Ortega, a permanent resident, voted illegally in 2012 and 2014. Her punishment was strikingly harsh for an offense that usually merits far less jail time, if any. So, How Did I Do? Ms. Mearns donning makeup for her role as the Fairy Carabosse. Credit Natalie Keyssar for The New York Times This Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Sara Mearns, the glamorous New York City Ballet principal, discusses how she switched from her usual role in “Sleeping Beauty” to the evil Fairy Carabosse on Thursday night. By GIA KOURLAS Save this story to read later on any device. Save The Mystery of a Missing Hong Kong Tycoon Deepens By MICHAEL FORSYTHE and PAUL MOZUR Footage from the Four Seasons in Hong Kong where Xiao Jianhua, one of China’s wealthiest tycoons, lived is said to show him being taken away by about half a dozen unidentified men. Knicks Create a New Type of Loss in Banishing Oakley By SCOTT CACCIOLA The Knicks, bogged down by bad basketball and puzzling moves by team owner James L. Dolan, hit a new low when former star Charles Oakley was barred indefinitely from Madison Square Garden. Sports of The Times: Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Mayor and Comptroller Clash Over Body Camera Deal By WILLIAM NEUMAN Mayor Bill de Blasio traded barbs with city comptroller Scott M. Stringer over Mr. Stringer’s refusal to register a $6 million deal to supply police officers with body cameras. 10 Things to Do in NYC This Weekend and Beyond More News Mike Ilitch, Founder of Little Caesars Pizza, Dies at 87 12:00 AM ET Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Srebrenica Massacre, Dies Rare Survivor of a Philippine Drug Raid Takes the Police to Court Former A.I.G. Leaders Reach Settlement in Fraud Case Ford to Invest $1 Billion in A.I. Start-Up California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. A Pianist’s Warsaw: ‘Fascination and Pain’ Piotr Anderszewski made a film, “Je M’Appelle Varsovie” (“Warsaw Is My Name”), that helped him come to terms with his conflicted feelings about his homeland. Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 The Swedish singer rose from a poor childhood to become a renowned opera star in Europe and the United States. Ancient People Guided Brazil’s Forests by Hand New research finds that humans were sustainably managing the landscape, perhaps thousands of years before they were carving intricate geoglyphs into the earth. The Opinion Pages Editorial An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. This agency’s new chairman is bent on overturning Obama-era rules meant to make phone, cable and internet service fair and affordable.  Comments Op-Ed Contributor The Ties That Blind By RICHARD THOMPSON FORD What do those too shiny, badly knotted, adhesive-buttressed neckties say about the president? Join us on Facebook » Get My Racist Ancestor’s Name Off of Yale’s Campus By TOBIAS HOLDEN I am a black student who fought to scrub “Calhoun” from a Yale residence. I didn’t know I was his descendant. Editorial: America’s So-Called National Security Adviser Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps 9:45 PM ET Brooks: A Gift for Donald Cohen: Am I Imagining This? Krugman: When the Fire Comes Egan: Democrats’ Sugar High Campus Politics in the Age of Trump User Subscriptions Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. Good, Bad and Mad: Andrew Rosenthal on the News Times Insider » Aren’t We Off Sugar Now? Not Quite. Welcome Yotam Ottolenghi. The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Music Latin Jazz is Booming Far Beyond the Grammys Sunday Review Welcome Back, Wall Street. Now Pay Us Back. In return for the death of Dodd-Frank, bankers should agree to a new compensation system, writes William D. Cohan. Mind Karen Pence Picks a Cause: Art Therapists Art & Design Wielding an Art Mightier Than the Sword Sunday Review Microbes, a Love Story Theater That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Travel Evoking Bygone Jazz Age With Modern Touch Opinion Editorial Observer: Help! My Constituents Are After Me! Republicans afraid to buck President Trump play cat-and-mouse with angry voters. Book Review Ali Smith: By the Book N.Y. / Region At 100, a Conductor, Like the Music, Keeps Going Opinion Op-Ed: The Ties That Blind Food Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick in Queens Sections World » Dutch Get Creative to Solve a Prison Problem: Too Many Empty Cells Steve Bannon Cited Italian Thinker Who Inspired Fascists Canada Today: An Isolated Lake and a Welcome Mat for Refugees Business Day » Former A.I.G. Executives Reach Settlement in Accounting Fraud Case Daytime TV’s New Star? Sean Spicer Shopping Becomes a Political Act in the Trump Era Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Ties That Blind Editorial: An Anti-Consumer Agenda at the F.C.C. Gail Collins: Footing the Bill for Trumps U.S. » Addiction Treatment Grew Under Health Law. Now What? Reports of Raids Have Immigrants Bracing for Enforcement Surge Illegal Voting Gets Texas Woman 8 Years in Prison, and Certain Deportation Technology » Ford to Invest $1 Billion in Artificial Intelligence Start-Up Plan for $10 Billion Chip Plant Shows China’s Growing Pull Twitter Struggles to Capitalize on Influence and Posts Lackluster Earnings Arts » So, How Did I Do?: This City Ballet Dancer Has a New Role: Being Bad Review: It’s Norman Mailer vs. Feminists in ‘The Town Hall Affair’ Latin Jazz is Booming. Look Beyond the Grammys to Find It. Politics » News Analysis: Trump Foreign Policy Quickly Loses Its Sharp Edge Trump Will ‘Look Into’ Reports That Flynn Discussed Sanctions With Russia Tom Price Is Sworn in as Health Secretary Amid Senate Disunity Fashion & Style » 7 Things to Know From the First 2 Days of Fashion Week Fashion Review: At Calvin Klein, Raf Simons Raises the Bar Rag & Bone Says No to the Runway Show Movies » The Women of ‘Star Wars.’ (It’s Not Who You Think.) Before ‘Fifty Shades Darker’: 10 Kinky Films ‘The Ring’ Told Us in 2002 That the Medium Is the Monster New York » New York 101: How New York City Gets Its Electricity De Blasio and Stringer Trade Barbs Over Police Body Camera Deal Big City: Reaction in New York to Betsy DeVos? A Lot of Shrugs Sports » Sports of The Times: James Dolan’s Garden Is Falling. Run. Knicks Invent New Type of Loss as Owner Banishes Charles Oakley On Tennis: Trying to Find the Right Tennis Racket? Here’s a High-Tech Solution. Theater » Review: That ‘Sunset Boulevard’ Close-Up, Finely Focused Review: A New ‘Big River,’ Endearing but Ill Timed Review: ‘The Object Lesson’ Amid the Cardboard Clutter Science » Trilobites: Long Before Making Enigmatic Earthworks, People Reshaped Brazil’s Rain Forest Trilobites: Lunar Eclipse and Green Comet Make for Busy Friday Night in the Sky Trilobites: What Makes a Woman a Good Dancer? Watch the Hips, a Study Says Obituaries » Nicolai Gedda, Celebrated Opera Tenor, Dies at 91 Buchi Emecheta, Nigerian Novelist, Dies at 72 Ljubisa Beara, Who Oversaw Massacre at Srebrenica, Dies at 77 Television » Trump and ‘S.N.L.’: A Look Back at a Complicated Relationship Review: ‘The Dark Side of the Sun,’ and, by the Way, We’re Doomed The Walking Dead: ‘The Walking Dead’ Is Back: 7 Questions for the Second Half Premiere Health » Karen Pence Picks a Cause, and Art Therapists Feel Angst The New Old Age: Doctors See Gains Against ‘an Urgent Threat,’ C. Diff Tom Price Is Confirmed as Health Secretary Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Brooklyn Footsteps: Exploring the Montreal That Leonard Cohen Loved Next Stop: What to Find in Salinas Valley: Lush Fields, Good Wine and, Yes, Steinbeck Books » Fiction: Colson Whitehead on George Saunders’s Novel About Lincoln and Lost Souls Fiction & Nonfiction: Drawn Into the Middle East: A Novel, a Memoir and an Account of Life in the Region By the Book: Ali Smith: By the Book Education » New York Changes How It Tests for Lead in Schools’ Water, and Finds More Metal Pop Quiz | Math: Are You College-Ready? Trying to Solve a Bigger Math Problem Food » A Good Appetite: This Sauce Makes Everything Taste Better City Kitchen: Pastry for Those Who Prefer Savory to Sweet Hungry City: Thai Food to Hearten the Homesick at Dek Sen in Elmhurst, Queens Sunday Review » Linda Greenhouse: Will the Supreme Court Stand Up to Trump? Opinion: Why Nobody Cares the President Is Lying Editorial: Mr. Trump’s Random Insult Diplomacy Real Estate » Loving the Bodega Downstairs 360 View: Light Bulbs That Help You Sleep What I Love: Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky The Upshot » Public Health: How to Fix (or Wreck) Obamacare: Advice for Tom Price Simplifying Shelter: Why Falling Home Prices Could Be a Good Thing Economic View: A Tax Overhaul Would Be Great in Theory. Here’s Why It’s So Hard in Practice. Magazine » Feature: How a Fractious Women’s Movement Came to Lead the Left Feature: The Preacher and the Sheriff Feature: 600 Miles in a Coffin-Shaped Bus, Campaigning Against Death Itself Automobiles » Driven: Video Review: Porsche Panamera Now Has Looks to Match Its Speed and Luxury Trump Wants More American Cars in Japan. Japan’s Drivers Don’t. German Automakers Step Up to Silicon Valley Challenge T Magazine » In the Studio With Mansur Gavriel, Where Instagram Is Real Life All You Need to Know About Fashion Week Going Home With Chloë Sevigny Times Insider » What We’re Reading Talk to The Times: Does the Idea of a Travel Ban Make You Mad, Sad or Glad? Looking Back: 1941 | On a Day of Infamy, The Times Is On the Air Real Estate » What I Love Barbara Barrie’s Loft in the Sky By JOANNE KAUFMAN A Broadway actress on what matters most at home: quiet and light. Mostly light. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close AP Considering investing? Act like a professional, and ignore the Dow and watch the S&P 500 Filed under Personal Finance at 4 days ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Will Deener, Special Contributor Connect with Will Deener Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Many investors probably think something significant happened in late January when the Old Warhorse — the Dow Jones industrial average — finally mustered the energy to close above 20,000. The milestone was certainly well-chronicled in the financial press on Jan. 25, complete with blaring headlines. But I submit that Dow 20,000 doesn't mean squat anymore and hasn't for several years. Although some investors — and the media — routinely monitor daily movements in the Dow, the index has become a historical relic, providing precious little comparative insight into the overall stock market. In fact, I can't remember the last time a money manager, market strategist or professional trader referred to the Dow when explaining market moves to me. Without exception, professionals rely on the Standard & Poor's 500 Index as a proxy for the overall stock market rather than the Dow. Several reasons account for this, not the least of which is the fact that S&P 500 represents a much larger slice of the 5,000 publicly traded companies — 500 compared to 30 Dow companies. Is a bear market imminent? Stocks' lofty levels trigger the worrywarts "When someone asks me what the market did today, I give them the level of the S&P in percentage terms," said Hugh Johnson, chairman of Hugh Johnson Advisors in Albany, N.Y. "Candidly, I often don't even know what the Dow is doing. I don't pay much attention to it anymore." Charles H. Dow created the index in 1896 by selecting 12 companies involved in such businesses as leather belts, cotton oil and lead. He simply added the stock prices of those dozen companies and divided the total by 12, creating the Dow Jones industrial average. General Electric Co. is the only surviving member of the original Dow companies. Even today — 121 years later — the value of the Dow is still computed using the stock prices of 30 companies. And that's the problem. No consideration is given to the actual size of a company as measured by market capitalization (the number of outstanding shares multiplied by the stock price). Small companies, outsized impact In other words, the Dow is a price-weighted index, while the S&P and many other indexes are market-cap weighted. Relatively small Dow companies with high stock prices have much more impact on the daily value of the index than big companies with lower prices. For example, it makes little or no sense that Goldman Sachs Group Inc. with its market cap of $95.7 billion has eight times more impact on the Dow than General Electric, which has a market cap of $262.7 billion. The reason for the discrepancy is that Goldman Sachs shares are priced at $230 while General Electric trades at $29. Stock price alone is not indicative of the actual size of the company. (By the way, the editors of The Wall Street Journal decide which companies make up the Dow index, which is owned by S&P Dow Jones Indices.) David Rosenberg, chief economist at Gluskin Sheff Research, pointed out in a recent report that just five Dow companies accounted for half the gains in the index since the presidential election — Goldman Sachs, IBM Corp., The Boeing Co., UnitedHealth Group Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. Another problem for the Dow, Rosenberg wrote, is that the index also suffers from so-called "survivorship bias." This refers to companies being removed from the index as new companies are added. This has occurred often over the years. Other indexes also grapple with this issue because as the economy changes so must the makeup of the indexes. But survivorship bias is more pronounced with the Dow because it has fewer companies, so changes have more impact. Hooray 12,885! Rosenberg found that since 2004 eight companies have been removed from the Dow and are still in business today. They are General Motors Co., Citigroup Inc., Alcoa Inc., AT&T Inc., Honeywell International, Hewlett Packard, American International Group and Altria Group. These laggards were replaced by better-performing companies. But amid all the ballyhoo over Dow 20,000, the impact of these changes was ignored. "Guess what? If the eight companies that got booted out had managed to stay, the Dow would be 12,885 today," Rosenberg writes. "Hurray! Uncork the champagne." Evidence of the growing popularity of the S&P 500 over the Dow is easily seen in the assets held in the two exchange-traded funds that track the two indexes. The SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average has $14.7 billion in assets and average daily volume of 4.1 million shares. The SPDR S&P 500 ETF has $224.8 billion in assets and average daily volume of 85.9 million shares. Be that as it may, the Dow has been with us for more than a century, so it's probably not disappearing any time soon. "Frankly, the media have extended the life of the Dow well beyond what is justified," Johnson said. "It is part of our culture, but it's not worth much more than that." Trump eliminates rule forcing financial advisers to put your interests first View Comments Tags Personal Finance Business Economy Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Saturday, February 11, 2017 Sunrise 7:04 am Sunset 6:02 pm Home Advertise App Contact About Legal Comment Guidelines Subscribe Social Scroll Email Newsletters Download Our App RSS Category Feeds Bernews iTunes Bernews TuneIn Bernews Twitter Bernews Facebook Bernews Instagram Bernews Pinterest Bernews Periscope Bernews Soundcloud Bernews Chrome Extension Bernews Flights Weather Other Bernews Sections Bernews TV Bernews Flights Bernews Podcasts Bernews Weather Election Central Obituaries Classifieds All America’s Cup Team BDA AC Economy AC Endeavour AC Photos AC Tech AC Videos Business Banks Technology Re/insurance Business Executives Mergers/Acquisitions Bermuda Stock Exchange Crime Murders Drunk Driving Court Reports Sexual Assault Armed Robberies Firearm Incidents Money Laundering International Crime Entertainment History Actors & Theatre Art & Artists Art Photo Galleries Books & Authors Cooking & Dining Films & Movies Music & Singers Style & Beauty Environment Birds Whales Turtles Coral Reefs Oil & Energy Flowers & Plants Keep Bermuda Beautiful Faith News Accidents/Fires Award Winners Education Health Offbeat Podcasts Politics Real Estate Tourism Weather Obituaries Opinion Carla Seely Chris Famous Eron Hill Glenn Fubler Jason Hayward Jeremy Deacon Larry Burchall Ross Webber Lifestyle columns How to submit column Sports All Sports Sub-Categories America’s Cup Sports Videos Sports Photos Olympics Photos Accidents/Fires Airplanes Beauty/Fashion Cars/Bikes Community Marine Parades Sports Videos Bernews TV Music Videos James Hobson Named As New CEO Of Attune February 6, 2017 | 0 Comments Attune, the data-enabled company established by American International Group, Inc., Hamilton Insurance Group, Ltd., and affiliates of Two Sigma Investments, LP, today announced that James Hobson, Chief Operating Officer of OnDeck, has accepted an offer to assume the position of Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Hobson, who will step down from his role at OnDeck on March 15, will be responsible for achieving Attune’s goal of using data science and advanced technology to streamline the submission and insurance underwriting process to meet the needs of small businesses in the US. “If it’s possible to describe an appointment as a perfect fit, then James and Attune meet that description,” said Attune Chairman Brian Duperreault. “His deep experience with using technology to enable the growth of small businesses aligns with our objective of making it easier for companies in that segment to get the protection they need to succeed. I look forward to working with James to make Attune’s significant potential a reality.” “I am honored to join the Attune team,” said Mr. Hobson. “When three companies of the caliber of AIG, Hamilton and Two Sigma come together, you pay attention. “Attune has already transformed how a small business owner’s policy is issued, and I am excited to build upon this early success. I am humbled by the faith the Attune Board has in me and am looking forward to working with Attune team, Brian and the other members of the Board, and our partners, to transform the way small businesses access the insurance they need to protect and grow their operations.” Mr. Hobson’s career represents an array of experience in building and leading technology-enabled businesses. As COO of OnDeck, he oversaw the Company’s development into the industry leader in online small business lending. His responsibilities included operations, product, analytics, credit, risk management, platform solutions and business development. Mr. Hobson played integral roles in stewarding OnDeck through an IPO in 2014 and launching OnDeck’s landmark partnership with JP Morgan Chase in 2015. Before joining OnDeck, Mr. Hobson served as SVP, Technology Operations for iQor, Inc., a leading private equity-backed global business process outsourcing company. At iQor, he helped to build a platform for commercializing iQor’s proprietary suite of business applications and managed a global technology team. Prior to iQor, Mr. Hobson co-founded BuyYourFriendADrink.com, which was sold to LivingSocial in 2009. Early in his career, he was a consultant at McKinsey & Company. Mr. Hobson holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from Hamilton College, Clinton, New York, and a master’s of business administration with high distinction from Harvard Business School, where he was chosen as a Baker Scholar. Related Stories Lombard To Expand Operations In Bermuda Fidelis Strengthens Underwriting Capabilities Markel Corporation’s Leadership Changes Bacardi Appoint Kavanagh In Communications Schaper Appointed CEO of Schinnerer Group Deloitte Announces New Partner Promotions Read More About #BermudaBusiness #BusinessExecutives Category: All, Business Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name ( required ) Email ( required; will not be published ) Website « Gombey Coloring Book Teaches Culture To Kids Educator Retiring After 31 Years Of Teaching » Latest Most Comments Latest Comments Archives Full Snow Moon Illuminates Tonight’s Night Sky America’s Cup Online Store Open For Business Live Updates: MPs Debate Airport In Parliament 30 Minute Video: ZBM Evening News For Feb 10 Weather Forecast For Saturday February 11 ‘Elimination Of Discrimination Against Women’ Caroline Bay Marina Seeking Dock Manager Census: 90% Of Assessment Numbers Counted Public Advisory: Road Works On North Shore Premier: ‘Ready To Work And Prepared To Work’ Video: BIU President Speaks At Union Square Monitoring Our Marine Exclusive Economic Zone Live Updates: MPs Debate Airport In … (183) BIU Calling On Members To Gather On … (148) Minister Sylvan Richards Ejected Fro… (79) PLP On ‘Distasteful And Offens… (67) Blue Ribbon Panel Says Airport Is A … (65) 90 Minute Video: PLP Town Hall On Ai… (37) Policing Plans For House Of Assembly… (36) Premier: ‘Ready To Work And Pr… (34) PLP Call For Update Into Investigati… (32) Bus Rolls Into Parked Van At Hamilto… (32) Column: We’re Bermudians, We A… (32) ‘MPs Will Highlight Deficienci… (28) SNS: I draw focus to this part of your comment..."Do what is right for Bermuda and stop thinking about yo Spit Bouy: Really,The majority of those companies will be small black owned businesses. You know the same o Ernest: Just think how better off we would be if we could all work together for the good of all Bermudians.( Spit Bouy: @ Karen,Name and shame? You cant pay what you don't have. Hundreds of businesses have gone bust sage: Glad they developed intelligence since they were blocked from entering the house a couple of months Onion Juice: Yup it is, de alternative truth. Takbir Karriem Sharrieff: O.B.A.Government operating under the Politricks of Stealth......hide the pertinent issues from the v Archives: Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 Categories: Select CategoryAccidents and fires  (1721)All  (48557)Business  (9331)Correction  (1)Crime  (4078)   Court Reports  (1920)Entertainment  (4585)   Films/Movies  (502)   Music  (997)   Style & Beauty  (563)Environment  (1590)History  (622)News  (19627)   Podcasts  (34)   Politics  (3713)Photos  (3471)   #Animal  (51)   Accidents/Fires  (107)   Airport/Planes  (58)   Art  (75)   Beauty/Fashion  (153)   Cars/Bikes  (81)   Community  (556)   Environment  (93)   Marine  (160)   Most Popular  (78)   News  (202)   Parades  (94)   Politics  (92)   Sports  (1178)Sports  (10790)technology  (1334)Videos  (3135) Tags: Select a Tag#BermudaBusiness (7038)#GoodNews (4747)#BermudaPolitics (4313)#Weather (2147)#BermudaFootball (1934)#MagistratesAndSupremeCourt (1912)#CharityEvents (1872)#CrimeInBermuda (1752)#BermudaInsurance (1570)#BermudaTourism (1383)#Education (1381)#Health (1245)#BermudaSailing (1191)#SportsPhotos (1070)#BermudaTeens (1062)#BermudaMarine (1028)#BermudianChildren (991)#BermudaCricket (977)#BusinessExecutives (976)#BSX (957)#BermudaPolice (890)#AwardWinners (851)#Music (777)#OpinionColumns (688)#BermudaGovernment (675)#Collision (666)#Artists (637)#BermudaHistory (631)#AmericasCup (583)#Christmas (582)#Shootings (580)#StGeorges (571)#BermudaTrackAndField (571)#PLP (512)#BermudaGolf (505)#UnitedKingdom (501)#MilitaryAndRegiment (496)#BermudianMedia (478)#BermudaRoadRunning (476)#Animal (473)#SeminarsInBermuda (461)#WorldNews (456)#SportsVideos (451)#BermudianSingers (447)#ProgressiveLabourParty (446)#Airport (443)#Swimming (426)#HotelNews (423)#OilAndEnergy (416)#BermudaCycling (411)#BermudaBooks (401)#BermudaRugby (395)#Cuisine (391)#BermudaBanks (387)#EmploymentInBermuda (386)#Unions (383)#Equestrian (382)#AmericanRelations (380)#CaribbeanRelations (373)#Murders (371)#Airlines (368)#CupMatch (366)#Traffic (354)#Construction (353)#Fires (339)#FaithAndReligion (339)#BermudianModels (338)#BermudaGovernmentSpending (335)#Triathlon (329)#BermudaCruises (327)#CollegeScholarships (326)#OBA (319)#BermudaHospitals (318)#FullLengthMovies (316)#DrunkDriving (315)#OneBermudaAlliance (314)#Bowling (314)#BermudaBasketball (313)#NahkiWells (298)#MichaelDunkley (286)#Squash (281)#BermudaImmigration (281)#Lawyer (280)#Tennis (270)#ActorsTheatre (267)#FatalAccidents (266)#Somerset (264)#BermudaLaws (263)#BELCO (263)#BoatRescuesDisasters (256)#DrugsInBermuda (254)#BankOfButterfield (250)#BBCNews (242)#BusinessMergers (241)#BermudaRealEstate (241)#Offbeat (233)#May24thHoliday (221)#Digicel (217)#Canada (217)#ZBMNewscast (213) Join Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Subscribe To Our RSS Feeds Bernews Weather Contact Us/Submit News Advertise With Bernews Bernews Flights Bernews TV Bernews Obituaries Daily Email Headlines Visit BermudaCovers.com Visit ForeverBermuda.com Bernews.com © 2017 Bernews.com. All rights reserved.
null
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Manitowoc Company Inc. (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc. (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts GMP Securities Increases Chinook Energy Inc. (CKE) Price Target to C$0.55 Polypipe Group PLC (PLP) Given New GBX 375 Price Target at Peel Hunt Newmont Mining Corporation (NEM) Raised to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Array BioPharma Inc. (ARRY) Trading -5.8% Higher After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Activision Blizzard, Inc (ATVI) Sets New 12-Month High After Dividend Announcement Paradigm Asset Management Co. LLC Sells 100 Shares of Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. (PNFP) Paradigm Asset Management Co. LLC Lowers Stake in Employers Holdings Inc (EIG) Paradigm Asset Management Co. LLC Has $146,000 Position in The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) Mueller Industries, Inc. (MLI) Stake Decreased by Paradigm Asset Management Co. LLC GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C’s (GFTU) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGF) Insider Seymour Schulich Buys 1,000,000 Shares of Stock Penumbra, Inc. (PEN) Insider Arani Bose Sells 22,300 Shares of Stock BB&T Corporation (BBT) Shares Sold by First Interstate Bank Kinder Morgan, Inc. (KMI) Shares Sold by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Zacks Investment Research Lowers Enbridge Inc (ENB) to Hold Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $18,615,000 in ConAgra Foods Inc. (CAG) IHS Markit Ltd. (INFO) EVP Jeffrey D. Sisson Sells 29,134 Shares of Stock Zacks Investment Research Lowers Viavi Solutions Inc. (VIAV) to Hold Headinvest LLC Takes Position in Ecolab Inc. (ECL) First Command Bank Takes Position in American Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP) Jefferies Group Weighs in on Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The)’s FY2018 Earnings (MTW) Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) (NYSE:MTW) – Jefferies Group reduced their FY2018 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) in a report released on Thursday. Jefferies Group analyst S. Volkmann now anticipates that the brokerage will post earnings of $0.15 per share for the year, down from their previous forecast of $0.19. Jefferies Group currently has a “Buy” rating and a $7.25 price target on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently commented on the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $6.04 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Seaport Global Securities cut shares of Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their target price for the company from $6.00 to $5.00 in a research note on Thursday, October 20th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. OTR Global upgraded shares of Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) to a “positive” rating in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Finally, Barclays PLC cut their target price on shares of Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) from $5.00 to $4.00 and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $5.33. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/06/jefferies-group-weighs-in-on-manitowoc-company-inc-thes-fy2018-earnings-mtw.html. Shares of Manitowoc Company, Inc. (NYSE:MTW) opened at 6.70 on Monday. The company’s market capitalization is $930.54 million. Manitowoc Company, Inc. has a 1-year low of $2.98 and a 1-year high of $7.57. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $6.22 and its 200 day moving average price is $5.27. Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) (NYSE:MTW) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported ($0.23) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.16) by $0.07. The firm had revenue of $378.20 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $390.18 million. Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) had a negative net margin of 23.70% and a negative return on equity of 9.94%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 30.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.43 earnings per share. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Strs Ohio bought a new position in Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) during the second quarter valued at $741,000. Rutabaga Capital Management LLC MA raised its stake in Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) by 75.5% in the second quarter. Rutabaga Capital Management LLC MA now owns 3,159,671 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,220,000 after buying an additional 1,359,671 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) by 44.3% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 20,242 shares of the company’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 6,215 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) by 36.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,232,434 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,716,000 after buying an additional 331,646 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors raised its stake in Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) by 606.9% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 96,602 shares of the company’s stock worth $526,000 after buying an additional 82,937 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 75.08% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/06/jefferies-group-weighs-in-on-manitowoc-company-inc-thes-fy2018-earnings-mtw.html. About Manitowoc Company, Inc. (The) The Manitowoc Company, Inc (MTW) is a multi-industry, capital goods manufacturer. The Company operates in two principal markets: Cranes and Related Products (Crane) and Foodservice Equipment (Foodservice). Crane is a provider of engineered lifting equipment for the global construction industry, including lattice-boom cranes, tower cranes, mobile telescopic cranes and boom trucks. Receive News & Ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc. (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc. (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Capcom Co., Ltd. (CCOEY) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Next » WILLIAM HIL ADR (WIMHY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Morgan Stanley Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
BUSINESS Democrats dig in to fight Trump's takedown of Dodd-Frank financial regulations Trump's flip flopping on financial regulations President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. President Trump's been consistent on repealing Dodd-Frank, but his campaign promises on reinstating Glass-Steagall have yet to materialize. Jim PuzzangheraContact Reporter Democrats are preparing for a battle over President Trump’s push to dismantle the Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which analysts said will be difficult to accomplish without bipartisan support. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi vowed Monday to take the case to the public to try to build opposition to any effort to eliminate or water down protections designed to prevent a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis. “The president has moved to expose hardworking Americans to unfair, deceptive and predatory practices, perpetuating a massive con on those who thought he would stand up for them against the powerful interests,” Pelosi told reporters. Dodd-Frank, which was passed with almost no Republican support in the wake of the financial crisis, toughened capital requirements for financial firms, set up a powerful panel of regulators to watch for threats and created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to oversee credit cards, mortgages and other financial products. Trump signed an executive order Friday ordering a review of Dodd-Frank, which he has vowed to dismantle. Republicans and businesses say the law has restricted bank lending and consumer choices. After the signing, House Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling (R-Texas) said the move represented “the beginning of the end of the Dodd-Frank mistake.” Although some of the law’s rules can be weakened by regulators appointed by Trump, key provisions cannot be eliminated without legislation. That sets up a looming political battle between the administration and congressional Democrats. To get legislation through the Senate, Republicans would need the support of at least eight Democrats to break an expected filibuster. The chances of that don’t look good right now, said Jaret Seiberg, an analyst with brokerage and investment bank Cowen & Co. Democrats have promised to defend the 2010 law, one of former President Obama’s signature accomplishments. “The lesson of history is that when faced with a danger like Donald Trump, opposition needs to grow.… Most of all, opposition needs to be willing to fight,” Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.), an ardent supporter of Dodd-Frank, told the Progressive Congress Strategy Summit in Baltimore on Saturday. “Giveaways to giant banks so they can cheat people and blow up our economy again?” said Warren, who came up with the idea for the consumer bureau. “We will fight back.” Seiberg noted in a report Monday that even moderate Democrats boycotted last week’s Senate Finance Committee vote to advance the nomination of Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury secretary. Mnuchin, a wealthy Wall Street executive, would help lead the effort on an overhaul of financial rules. “If these trends continue, it will be hard to see the president driving legislation forward, particularly as it relates to reforming Dodd-Frank and providing banks with regulatory relief,” Seiberg said. Republicans could try to use the budget reconciliation process, which requires only a simply majority in the Senate, to make changes to Dodd-Frank regulations that affect federal spending and taxes. But that would limit how much of Dodd-Frank could be changed, Seiberg said. For example, a reconciliation provision could eliminate the independent funding stream for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and subject it to the congressional appropriations process. But reconciliation couldn’t be used to replace the bureau’s single director with a bipartisan commission, which Republicans have advocated.  Likewise, Trump could not repeal the Volcker Rule, which prohibits federally insured banks from trading for their own profit and limits their ownership of risky investments. Instead, Trump would have to try to change the rule’s provisions through the five regulatory agencies that are in charge of it. Strong Democratic opposition to Trump so far means there are “substantial obstacles” to bipartisan legislation overhauling financial, health and energy regulations, Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a report Monday. ”While we have not expected a sweeping overhaul of regulation in any of these areas to become law, recent developments lower the probability somewhat that even incremental changes could pass in the Senate,”  the report said. ​​On Friday, at a White House meeting with top corporate chief executives including Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Trump signaled his intention to rely on Wall Street for advice on reducing financial regulations. “There’s nobody better to tell me about Dodd-Frank than Jamie,” Trump said before the meeting began, adding that “we expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank.” One of the administration officials helping to direct the overhaul of Dodd-Frank is National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn, who recently stepped down as chief operating officer at Goldman Sachs. Mnuchin also used to work at the Wall Street investment bank. Rep. Maxine Waters of Los Angeles, the top Democrat on the House Financial Services Committee, said Monday that Trump’s campaign rhetoric about being tough on Wall Street amounted to “a pack of lies.” Waters said Democrats on the Financial Services Committee have been willing to make “minor modifications” to the law. But she said they would not allow its key provisions, such as creation of the consumer bureau, to be demolished. “We listen very carefully to any concerns that are identified by community banks, even by the big banks,” she said. But, she added, “We’re not going to destroy Dodd-Frank.” Here's what's at stake as Trump moves to unravel Dodd-Frank James Rufus Koren President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... President Trump signed an executive order Friday that calls for his administration to review the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, with an eye toward revising or eliminating parts of the 2010 law. An administration official told reporters that the law “in many respects was a piece of... (James Rufus Koren) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? An appeals court has ruled: Trump's travel ban will remain blocked. Arrests made by federal immigration officials sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles. L.A. planning commissions approve most zoning change requests, a Times analysis finds. Can robots replace bees? Caption 9th Circuit court refuses to reinstate travel ban A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. A three-judge panel of the U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that a Seattle federal judge’s earlier restraining order on the new policy should remain in effect while the judge further examines its legality.. Caption LaMelo Ball puts on a show He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory He finishes with 27 points in Chino Hills victory Caption Immigration arrests in L.A. spark fear, outrage, but officials say they are routine Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Arrests sparked a protest in downtown Los Angeles Thursday evening. (Marcus Yam / Los Angeles Times) Caption Eagles of Death Metal and Colin Hanks on their documentary 'Nos Amis' Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." Members of the the band Eagles of Death Metal discuss their relationship with director Colin Hanks and their approach to making the HBO documentary "Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis (Our Friends)." jim.puzzanghera@latimes.com Follow @JimPuzzanghera on Twitter ALSO Californians are paying billions for power they don’t need Obama saw low-wage workers as struggling moms. Trump may see them as suburban teens This $94,000-a-year cancer drug caused rashes and rarely worked. Now Trump could make FDA approvals even easier UPDATES: 2:20 p.m.: This article was updated with information from Jaret Seiberg of Cowen & Co., and analysts at Goldman Sachs about the likelihood of changes to Dodd-Frank. This article originally was published at 10:05 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Donald Trump Democratic Party U.S. Senate Steven Mnuchin Republican Party JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau ICE says L.A. immigration arrests were planned long in advance, not tied to new crackdown With billions at stake, a federal judge just nullified the GOP's most cynical attack on Obamacare Inside the frantic fight to protect Oroville dam, nation's tallest, as spillway rapidly erodes Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 61°
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Rice Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rice Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) Downgraded by TheStreet to “C+” Posted by Dave Schultz on Feb 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet TheStreet cut shares of Rice Midstream Partners LP (NYSE:RMP) from a b- rating to a c+ rating in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. Several other equities analysts have also recently weighed in on RMP. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) started coverage on shares of Rice Midstream Partners in a research note on Monday, November 7th. They issued a buy rating and a $30.00 target price for the company. Howard Weil raised their target price on shares of Rice Midstream Partners from $27.00 to $29.00 and gave the company a sector outperform rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Rice Midstream Partners from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Rice Midstream Partners presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $25.00. Shares of Rice Midstream Partners (NYSE:RMP) traded down 0.59% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $25.16. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 89,073 shares. Rice Midstream Partners has a 1-year low of $9.06 and a 1-year high of $25.71. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $23.99 and its 200-day moving average price is $22.18. The company has a market capitalization of $2.56 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.65 and a beta of 1.37. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) Downgraded by TheStreet to “C+”” was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/06/rice-midstream-partners-lp-rmp-downgraded-by-thestreet-to-c.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, February 16th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, February 7th will be given a dividend of $0.2505 per share. This represents a $1.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.96%. This is a boost from Rice Midstream Partners’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.24. The ex-dividend date is Friday, February 3rd. Rice Midstream Partners’s payout ratio is 74.07%. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Bank of Montreal Can bought a new position in Rice Midstream Partners during the second quarter worth approximately $2,717,000. Tealwood Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Rice Midstream Partners during the second quarter worth about $2,222,000. Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. acquired a new stake in shares of Rice Midstream Partners during the second quarter worth about $12,632,000. Monashee Investment Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Rice Midstream Partners during the second quarter worth about $715,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Rice Midstream Partners by 5,575.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 22,703 shares of the company’s stock worth $464,000 after buying an additional 22,303 shares during the last quarter. 72.35% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Rice Midstream Partners Rice Midstream Partners LP owns, operates, develops and acquires midstream assets in the Appalachian Basin. The Company’s segments are gathering and compression, and water services. The gathering and compression segment provides natural gas gathering and compression services for Rice Energy Inc (Rice Energy) and third parties in the Appalachian Basin. Receive News & Ratings for Rice Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rice Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Upgraded to “B-” at TheStreet Next » DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Shares Bought by NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Close Architects of Dodd-Frank say Trump order to cut back won't be enforced easily - SentinelSource.com: National And World Advanced Search 15° Overcast SentinelSource.com News Local Local Crime Reports Obituaries Environment National & World Religion Special Reports Photos e-Edition Business Top Story Man's death in Stoddard investigated as a homicide STODDARD — Police and the N.H. Attorney General’s Office are investigating a man’s death in Stoddard as a homicide. Updated: Yesterday rss More headlines Monadnock United Way ramping up campaign as deadline nears Keene road survey recommends increased funds for repairs New plan proposed to expand Stoddard's elementary school Storm leads to area crashes; more snow could be on the way Peterborough's 102-year-old movie theater for sale The Keene Sentinel e-Edition Sports Local Sports News Schedules Contests Submit a Score Top Story Franklin Pierce to host Boston sports media personalities for Open House New England Patriots play-by-play announcer Bob Socci and ”Hardy” from CBS Boston’s “Zolak and Bertrand Show” will help host a panel during Op… posted: February 10 rss More headlines Red Sox to play exhibition at Naval Academy Two more Patriots say they will not visit White House Franklin Pierce to host Boston sports media personalities for Open House Bob Costas steps down from NBC's Olympic hosting duties after 24 years Community Community News Weddings & Engagements Births Anniversaries Community Calendar Top Story Community News, Feb. 5, 2017 ‘Flirt with Dessert’ set in Peterborough posted: February 05 Community News School News, Feb. 5, 2017 Ebbighausen/Rashed engagement Community News, Feb. 4, 2017 Larkin/Smith wedding Community news Jan. 29 Entertainment Entertainment News Games Calendar Local TV Listings Dear Abby Top Story 'LEGO Batman Movie' pulls out all the stops I f you asked Batman what he thinks about spending his nights alone in the Bat Cave, eating microwaved lobster thermidor and watching “Jerry M… posted: February 10 rss More headlines Chance the Rapper, Sturgill Simpson, others added to Grammy Awards performance lineup Five acrobats of famed Wallenda troupe injured falling 25 feet Spreading the love makes Valentine's Day a delight Horoscope Celebrity birthdays, Feb. 10, 2017 Life & Style Food Travel & Leisure Home and Garden Lifestyles Pets Books Health & Fitness Parenting Top Story In Brief Nutrition counselor to discuss ways to avoid sugar posted: February 08 rss More headlines Trying to solve the Alzheimer's puzzle We're having the wrong argument about GMOs Breakthrough could cure jet lag forever A breakfast-for-dinner that rises to the occasion You know the weather is bad when you find a moose in your basement Top Story Submission Guidelines to the Public Muse Local writers are encouraged to submit short pieces of their best verse to Susan Quatrain, judge of The Public Muse, in care of The Keene Sent… posted: September 25 CONFUSION by Lee F. Johnson of Swanzey, NH The stars are slow coming out tonite posted: September 25 THE JOURNEY by Lee F. Johnson of Swanzey, NH Many a path have I taken in this life posted: September 25 Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Cartoons Editorial When it comes to shooting guns, safety should always be the aim Although no one has thus far been willing to say definitively the bullet that pierced a mobile home in Sullivan last month was fired from a Ke… Updated: Yesterday rss Columnists What's wrong with Trump family behavior A so-called court ruling by a real judge 'Guns for everyone' includes the mentally incompetent Warren didn’t violate Senate rules rss Letters to the editor What's wrong with Trump family behavior A so-called court ruling by a real judge 'Guns for everyone' includes the mentally incompetent Warren didn’t violate Senate rules Congress can and should obtain Trump's tax returns Trump’s assault on high tech an economic fail How do we keep guns away from ‘bad guys?’ Trump's moral blind spot Advertise Advertise With Us Online Rate Card Online Rate Card The Keene Sentinel Rate Card Rate Card More Site help About Us Contact Us Parent express Mobile Rss Register Account lookup Send to The Sentinel Classifieds Place Classified Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs (on kscareerfinder.com) Jobs Jobs Place your ad now! Services Services Cleaning Services (1) Lessons & Classes (1) - Private Instruction & Tutoring (1) Home Repair & Maintenance (3) - Construction & Remodeling (1) - Painting & Staining Services (2) Lawn & Garden Services (3) - Snow Removal (2) Other Services (2) Place your ad now! Real Estate for Sale or Rent Real Estate For Sale Or Rent Other (2) Property For Rent (34) - Apartments for Rent (29) - Commercial & Office Space for Rent (4) - Condos & Townhouses for Rent (1) Real Estate (2) - Single-Family Houses (1) - Land for Sale (1) Place your ad now! Pets Pets Other Pets (4) Place your ad now! Property For Rent Property For Rent Apartments for Rent (29) Commercial & Office Space for Rent (4) - Retail Property for rent (4) Condos & Townhouses for Rent (1) Place your ad now! Auctions, Estate & Garage Sales Auctions, Estate & Garage Sales Place your ad now! Cars & Vehicles Cars & Vehicles Cars (3) - Trucks (1) Heavy Equipment Vehicles (1) Vehicle Parts, Accessories & Storage (1) - Car & Truck Parts & Accessories (1) RVs & Motor Homes (1) Trailers (1) Place your ad now! Community Community Announcements (4) - Celebrations (1) - Legal Announcements (3) Place your ad now! Subscribe Home News National and World Architects of Dodd-Frank say Trump order to cut back won't be enforced easily Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Monday, February 6, 2017 12:00 pm Architects of Dodd-Frank say Trump order to cut back won't be enforced easily By Robert Schmidt, Jesse Hamilton and Elizabeth Dexheimer Bloomberg News SentinelSource.com It has taken seven years to put in place the regulatory strictures imposed on Wall Street after the financial crisis. They won't be removed fast or easily. President Donald Trump's Friday directive that set in motion a scaling back of the Dodd-Frank Act was more pageantry than policy, said lawyers and former government officials who worked on the 2010 law. While the expectation for quick action sent bank stocks higher Friday, numerous road-blocks remain before lenders get relief. Chief among the hurdles is that Trump doesn't have any of his appointees running the agencies that oversee financial rules. Congress, too, will have to pass new legislation for many Dodd-Frank regulations to be eased. And the president's decision to put two former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. partners in charge of the effort — less than a decade after the bank's traders helped bring the economy to the edge of collapse — galvanized opposition from Democrats. Trump's order is "more of a signal to the marketplace than real action," said Richard Hunt, who runs the Consumer Bankers Association, a group that represents retail banks. "This is the second inning of a nine-inning regulatory re-balancing." Regardless of the timing, Trump's action demanding that regulators produce a study on financial rules within 120 days starts the process of getting rid of safeguards the Obama administration enacted after the 2008 meltdown. Regulations the new administration plans to target include a ban on proprietary trading, a requirement that risky financial companies be subject to tough Federal Reserve oversight, and rules for taking down failed banks. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau may also be on the chopping block. A separate measure Trump signed, which may delay a controversial Labor Department rule requiring brokers who manage retirement accounts to put their customer's interest first, is likely to have more teeth and move more quickly, lawyers said. That directive was embraced by much of the industry, which has long said the regulation will drive up their costs and make it harder to provide financial advice to their clients. Trump has promised to get rid of burdensome regulations on business, though few thought he would embrace easing rules on Wall Street as much as he has. On the campaign trail, he billed himself as an economic populist and often took shots at bankers. Trump's "Argument for America," a two-minute advertisement that ran days before the election, featured Goldman Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein in an segment about corporate chieftains pocketing the wealth of American workers. Now, ex-Goldman executives populate the top echelons of the Trump administration and two of them, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin, are slated to be the point men on the Dodd-Frank rollback. On Friday, Trump vented during that the law had made it difficult for his business friends to get loans, and boasted to a group of executives gathered at the White House that he was getting feedback on how to fix it from an ideal adviser: JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon. Democrats seized on the comments. Trump made his announcement "literally standing alongside big bank and hedge fund CEOs," said Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Massachusetts. She's expected to be among those leading the fight to prevent an overhaul of Dodd-Frank in the Senate, where passing a law requires 60 votes to overcome a filibuster. Republicans hold just 52 seats. Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, the independent who vied for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016, said on CNN on Sunday that Trump was a "fraud" who's working for Wall Street: "He appoints all these billionaires. His major financial adviser comes from Goldman Sachs. And now he is going to dismantle legislation that protects consumers." Getting Congress to repeal Dodd-Frank, or pieces of it, would be the cleanest way to eliminate its requirements because Trump can't wipe laws off the books on his own. For example, the consumer agency, which has drawn complaints from banks for enforcement overreach, will continue to operate absent new legislation. Even modifying it by replacing its director with a five-member board or requiring its budget to be approved by lawmakers — reforms suggested by Republicans and the industry — would take an act of Congress. But Trump officials argued that many of the regulatory changes they're seeking could be done at the various agencies that wrote the rules implementing Dodd-Frank. "We are going to engage the House, we are going to engage the Senate," Cohn said in an interview with Bloomberg Television. "We can do quite a bit without them, but the more help we get from Congress, the better off we're all going to be." Trump nominees aren't yet in control of the main agencies that oversee the financial industry, including the Treasury Department. Mnuchin, who's awaiting a full Senate vote, is the head of the federal council of regulators, which Trump charged with reviewing Dodd-Frank. Other agencies that are being staffed by acting chairmen, or are still being run by Barack Obama appointees, include the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. The Federal Reserve, which oversees the biggest banks, has two vacancies on its Board of Governors, including the one responsible for bank rules. Another issue that could impede changing rules is the byzantine process for approving regulations — one reason that Dodd-Frank took years to implement. Rules must be written, offered for public comment, often over several months, and deliberated internally before there is a final vote to approve them. In addition, some of the most onerous and unpopular regulations have been put together by multiple agencies. In the case of the Volcker Rule, which prohibits banks from making market bets with their own capital, it took years of negotiations to get the five regulators involved to agree. To revise Volcker, each agency would need to sign off on changes. "The time frame for this, it's going to take a while," said Michael Barr, who helped write Dodd-Frank while a Treasury Department official in the Obama administration. Discuss Print Posted in National and World on Monday, February 6, 2017 12:00 pm. Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Not you?|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Latest News Videos Submit your news! Submit your news! We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on! Submit news Most Popular Most Popular Stories Keene police search for two women in alleged Applebee's theft (0) Developer aims to open new building at Olive Garden site in Keene next year (0) Crash causes significant damage to Keene home's porch (0) Man's death in Stoddard investigated as a homicide (0) Former Keene High School teacher pleads guilty to misdemeanor (0) Most Popular Photos Most Popular Videos Sections Home News Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Community Life & Style Photos Videos Online Features Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Place an Ad Subscription Services Submit to the Sentinel Site Index Add Search Toolbar Contact us Submit news, events, letters, etc. SentinelSource.com Phone number: 603-352-1234 E-mail: webmaster@keenesentinel.com Address: 60 West Street Keene, NH 03431 Search Search in: All News Sports Entertainment Life & Style News/obituaries Business Opinion Community Photo Galleries Video © Copyright 2017, SentinelSource.com, Keene, NH. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.

continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 37 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM FEB 11, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News FEB 11, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 37 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Architects of Dodd-Frank say Trump order to cut back won’t be enforced easily By Robert Schmidt, Jesse Hamilton and Elizabeth Dexheimer Bloomberg First Published Feb 06 2017 09:21AM    •    Last Updated Feb 06 2017 09:45 am Single page Share This Article It has taken seven years to put in place the regulatory strictures imposed on Wall Street after the financial crisis. They won't be removed fast or easily. President Donald Trump's Friday directive that set in motion a scaling back of the Dodd-Frank Act was more pageantry than policy, said lawyers and former government officials who worked on the 2010 law. While the expectation for quick action sent bank stocks higher Friday, numerous road-blocks remain before lenders get relief. Chief among the hurdles is that Trump doesn't have any of his appointees running the agencies that oversee financial rules. Congress, too, will have to pass new legislation for many Dodd-Frank regulations to be eased. And the president's decision to put two former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. partners in charge of the effort -- less than a decade after the bank's traders helped bring the economy to the edge of collapse -- galvanized opposition from Democrats. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Trump's order is "more of a signal to the marketplace than real action," said Richard Hunt, who runs the Consumer Bankers Association, a group that represents retail banks. "This is the second inning of a nine-inning regulatory re-balancing." Regardless of the timing, Trump's action demanding that regulators produce a study on financial rules within 120 days starts the process of getting rid of safeguards the Obama administration enacted after the 2008 meltdown. Regulations the new administration plans to target include a ban on proprietary trading, a requirement that risky financial companies be subject to tough Federal Reserve oversight, and rules for taking down failed banks. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau may also be on the chopping block. A separate measure Trump signed, which may delay a controversial Labor Department rule requiring brokers who manage retirement accounts to put their customer's interest first, is likely to have more teeth and move more quickly, lawyers said. That directive was embraced by much of the industry, which has long said the regulation will drive up their costs and make it harder to provide financial advice to their clients. Trump has promised to get rid of burdensome regulations on business, though few thought he would embrace easing rules on Wall Street as much as he has. On the campaign trail, he billed himself as an economic populist and often took shots at bankers. Trump's "Argument for America," a two-minute advertisement that ran days before the election, featured Goldman Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein in an segment about corporate chieftains pocketing the wealth of American workers. Now, ex-Goldman executives populate the top echelons of the Trump administration and two of them, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin, are slated to be the point men on the Dodd-Frank rollback. On Friday, Trump vented during that the law had made it difficult for his business friends to get loans, and boasted to a group of executives gathered at the White House that he was getting feedback on how to fix it from an ideal adviser: JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon. Democrats seized on the comments. Trump made his announcement "literally standing alongside big bank and hedge fund CEOs," said Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Massachusetts. She's expected to be among those leading the fight to prevent an overhaul of Dodd-Frank in the Senate, where passing a law requires 60 votes to overcome a filibuster. Republicans hold just 52 seats. Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, the independent who vied for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016, said on CNN on Sunday that Trump was a "fraud" who's working for Wall Street: "He appoints all these billionaires. His major financial adviser comes from Goldman Sachs. And now he is going to dismantle legislation that protects consumers." Getting Congress to repeal Dodd-Frank, or pieces of it, would be the cleanest way to eliminate its requirements because Trump can't wipe laws off the books on his own. For example, the consumer agency, which has drawn complaints from banks for enforcement overreach, will continue to operate absent new legislation. Even modifying it by replacing its director with a five-member board or requiring its budget to be approved by lawmakers -- reforms suggested by Republicans and the industry -- would take an act of Congress. But Trump officials argued that many of the regulatory changes they're seeking could be done at the various agencies that wrote the rules implementing Dodd-Frank. "We are going to engage the House, we are going to engage the Senate," Cohn said in an interview with Bloomberg Television. "We can do quite a bit without them, but the more help we get from Congress, the better off we're all going to be." Trump nominees aren't yet in control of the main agencies that oversee the financial industry, including the Treasury Department. Mnuchin, who's awaiting a full Senate vote, is the head of the federal council of regulators, which Trump charged with reviewing Dodd-Frank. Other agencies that are being staffed by acting chairmen, or are still being run by Barack Obama appointees, include the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. The Federal Reserve, which oversees the biggest banks, has two vacancies on its Board of Governors, including the one responsible for bank rules. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Utahns drown out Chaffetz with demand to 'explain yourself' at tense town hall 'Sister Wives' family returns to Utah to rally polygamists against bigamy bill Ex-aide: I warned Shurtleff, Swallow about 'unethical,' 'foolish' behavior Utah town votes to sell city street to Mormon church Ask Ann Cannon: Should I tell my boss I spotted her friend shoplifting in the store? ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing PBF Logistics LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PBF Logistics LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) to Hold Tenneco Inc. (TEN) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.38 Per Share, Northcoast Research Forecasts Barrington Research Comments on Snap-On Incorporated’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNA) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Sanderson Farms, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SAFM) UK Commercial Property Trust Limited Plans Dividend of GBX 0.92 (UKCM) Zacks: ICU Medical, Inc. (ICUI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts News Corporation (NWSA) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Generac Holdlings Inc. (GNRC) Receives $40.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Financial Engines, Inc. (FNGN) EVP Christopher L. Jones Sells 6,667 Shares Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide (ETO) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Dive Eq (EXG) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (RCL) Receives $95.82 Average Target Price from Analysts Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for Corrections Corp. of America Issued By SunTrust Banks (CXW) Michael Rapino Sells 210,000 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stock Model N, Inc. (MODN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corporation Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.36 Per Share (MAS) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Kilroy Realty Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (KRC) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Humana Inc. (HUM) Decreased by Analyst Ring Energy (REI) Receives $15.90 Average Price Target from Analysts PBF Logistics LP (PBFX) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Posted by Abby Graham on Feb 6th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of PBF Logistics LP (NYSE:PBFX) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report published on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “PBF Logistics LP engages in owning, leasing, operating, developing and acquiring crude oil and refined petroleum products terminals, pipelines, storage facilities and similar logistics assets. PBF Logistics LP is headquartered in Parsippany, New Jersey. “ Separately, TheStreet raised shares of PBF Logistics from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Friday, October 28th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $21.67. PBF Logistics (NYSE:PBFX) traded up 0.76% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $19.95. 6,534 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $832.49 million, a P/E ratio of 10.04 and a beta of 1.31. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $19.17 and its 200-day moving average price is $19.73. PBF Logistics has a 52 week low of $15.39 and a 52 week high of $23.49. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/02/06/pbf-logistics-lp-pbfx-lifted-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC boosted its stake in shares of PBF Logistics by 508.5% in the third quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 5,909 shares of the company’s stock worth $117,000 after buying an additional 4,938 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. bought a new stake in PBF Logistics during the second quarter worth about $173,000. Meristem LLP bought a new stake in PBF Logistics during the third quarter worth about $198,000. Fort Washington Investment Advisors Inc OH bought a new stake in PBF Logistics during the second quarter worth about $398,000. Finally, Burnham Asset Management Corp NY bought a new stake in PBF Logistics during the second quarter worth about $477,000. 75.33% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About PBF Logistics PBF Logistics LP is engaged in the receiving, handling and transferring of crude oil and the receipt, storage and delivery of crude oil, refined products and intermediates. The Company operates through two segments: Transportation and Terminaling segment, and storage segment. The Company focuses on owning or leasing, operating, developing and acquiring crude oil and refined petroleum products terminals, pipelines, storage facilities and similar logistics assets. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on PBF Logistics (PBFX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for PBF Logistics LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PBF Logistics LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Suncor Energy Inc. (SU) Shares Sold by Emerald Acquisition Ltd. Next » Antofagasta plc (ANFGY) Upgraded to “Neutral” by BNP Paribas Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Provident Financial Services Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Provident Financial Services Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Provident Financial Services, Inc (PFS) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Provident Financial Services, Inc (NYSE:PFS) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Provident Financial Services, Inc. is the holding company of The Provident Bank, a community- and customer-oriented banking company. The Provident Bank emphasizes personal service and customer convenience in attending to the financial needs of individuals, families and businesses in northern and central New Jersey. The bank offers a broad array of deposit, loan, trust and investment products. In keeping with its Customer-Centric Strategy. “ Provident Financial Services (NYSE:PFS) traded down 0.34% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $26.46. 7,295 shares of the stock traded hands. Provident Financial Services has a 52 week low of $17.71 and a 52 week high of $28.92. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $27.50 and its 200-day moving average price is $23.71. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.69 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.17 and a beta of 0.99. Provident Financial Services (NYSE:PFS) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 27th. The company reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.36 by $0.01. Provident Financial Services had a return on equity of 7.11% and a net margin of 24.55%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.34 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Provident Financial Services will post $1.47 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Provident Financial Services, Inc (PFS) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/provident-financial-services-inc-pfs-cut-to-sell-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, February 28th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, February 15th will be issued a $0.18 dividend. This represents a $0.72 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.71%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, February 13th. Provident Financial Services’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 52.17%. In other Provident Financial Services news, Director Frank L. Fekete sold 5,871 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.50, for a total value of $155,581.50. Following the sale, the director now owns 46,005 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,219,132.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Michael A. Raimonde sold 20,120 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $26.50, for a total transaction of $533,180.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 32,418 shares in the company, valued at approximately $859,077. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 3.30% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Strs Ohio raised its stake in shares of Provident Financial Services by 1.3% in the second quarter. Strs Ohio now owns 48,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $944,000 after buying an additional 600 shares during the period. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust raised its stake in shares of Provident Financial Services by 2.3% in the second quarter. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust now owns 20,662 shares of the company’s stock worth $406,000 after buying an additional 468 shares during the period. Wedge Capital Management L L P NC raised its stake in shares of Provident Financial Services by 2,035.5% in the second quarter. Wedge Capital Management L L P NC now owns 392,726 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,626,000 after buying an additional 374,336 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Provident Financial Services by 4.2% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 98,232 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,929,000 after buying an additional 3,926 shares during the period. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in shares of Provident Financial Services by 2.8% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 40,312 shares of the company’s stock worth $792,000 after buying an additional 1,091 shares during the period. 61.91% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Provident Financial Services Provident Financial Services Inc is a holding company for The Provident Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a New Jersey-chartered capital stock savings bank. As a community and customer-oriented institution, the Bank provides personal service and customer convenience in serving the financial needs of the individuals, families and businesses residing in its primary markets areas. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Provident Financial Services (PFS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Provident Financial Services Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Provident Financial Services Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content National Real Estate Investor Search: Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Tablet App RSS Contact Us Advertise Subscribe Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Finance & Investment CMBS Distressed Investment Lending Net Lease REITs Viewpoints Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Hotel Medical Office Self Storage Seniors Housing Single-Family Housing Student Housing Real Estate Services Brokerage Development Leasing Property Management Rankings Technology Viewpoints Webinars Whitepapers NREI Wire Advertisement Home > Finance & Investment > Dodd-Frank’s Tentacles Go Deep. They Won’t Be Cut Fast or Easily Dodd-Frank’s Tentacles Go Deep. They Won’t Be Cut Fast or Easily Feb 6, 2017 Bloomberg | Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 1 Advertisement (Bloomberg)—It has taken seven years to put in place the regulatory strictures imposed on Wall Street after the financial crisis. They won’t be removed fast or easily. President Donald Trump’s Friday directive that set in motion a scaling back of the Dodd-Frank Act was more pageantry than policy, said lawyers and former government officials who worked on the 2010 law. While the expectation for quick action sent bank stocks higher Friday, numerous road-blocks remain before lenders get relief. Chief among the hurdles is that Trump doesn’t have any of his appointees running the agencies that oversee financial rules. Congress, too, will have to pass new legislation for many Dodd-Frank regulations to be eased. And the president’s decision to put two former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. partners in charge of the effort -- less than a decade after the bank’s traders helped bring the economy to the edge of collapse -- galvanized opposition from Democrats. Trump’s order is “more of a signal to the marketplace than real action,” said Richard Hunt, who runs the Consumer Bankers Association, a group that represents retail banks. “This is the second inning of a nine-inning regulatory re-balancing.” Obama Safeguards Regardless of the timing, Trump’s action demanding that regulators produce a study on financial rules within 120 days starts the process of getting rid of safeguards the Obama administration enacted after the 2008 meltdown. Regulations the new administration plans to target include a ban on proprietary trading, a requirement that risky financial companies be subject to tough Federal Reserve oversight, and rules for taking down failed banks. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau may also be on the chopping block. A separate measure Trump signed, which may delay a controversial Labor Department rule requiring brokers who manage retirement accounts to put their customer’s interest first, is likely to have more teeth and move more quickly, lawyers said. That directive was embraced by much of the industry, which has long said the regulation will drive up their costs and make it harder to provide financial advice to their clients. Trump has promised to get rid of burdensome regulations on business, though few thought he would embrace easing rules on Wall Street as much as he has. On the campaign trail, he billed himself as an economic populist and often took shots at bankers. Trump’s “Argument for America,” a two-minute advertisement that ran days before the election, featured Goldman Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein in an segment about corporate chieftains pocketing the wealth of American workers. Dimon’s Advice Now, ex-Goldman executives populate the top echelons of the Trump administration and two of them, National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin, are slated to be the point men on the Dodd-Frank rollback. On Friday, Trump vented that the law had made it difficult for his business friends to get loans, and boasted to a group of executives gathered at the White House that he was getting feedback on how to fix it from an ideal adviser: JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon. Democrats seized on the comments. Trump made his announcement “literally standing alongside big bank and hedge fund CEOs,” said Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts. She’s expected to be among those leading the fight to prevent an overhaul of Dodd-Frank in the Senate, where passing a law requires 60 votes to overcome a filibuster. Republicans hold just 52 seats. For more on bankers’ hopes for Trump reforms click here. Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, the independent who vied for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016, said on CNN on Sunday that Trump was a “fraud” who’s working for Wall Street: “He appoints all these billionaires. His major financial adviser comes from Goldman Sachs. And now he is going to dismantle legislation that protects consumers,” Sanders said. Getting Congress to repeal Dodd-Frank, or pieces of it, would be the cleanest way to eliminate its requirements, because Trump can’t wipe laws off the books on his own. For example, the consumer agency, which has drawn complaints from banks for enforcement overreach, will continue to operate absent new legislation. Even modifying it by replacing its director with a five-member board or requiring its budget to be approved by lawmakers -- reforms suggested by Republicans and the industry -- would take an act of Congress. But Trump officials argued that many of the regulatory changes they’re seeking could be done at the various agencies that wrote the rules implementing Dodd-Frank. Help From Congress “We are going to engage the House, we are going to engage the Senate,” Cohn said in an interview with Bloomberg Television. “We can do quite a bit without them, but the more help we get from Congress, the better off we’re all going to be.” Trump nominees aren’t yet in control of the main agencies that oversee the financial industry, including the Treasury Department. Mnuchin, who’s awaiting a full Senate vote, is the head of the federal council of regulators, which Trump charged with reviewing Dodd-Frank. Other agencies that are being staffed by acting chairmen, or are still being run by Barack Obama appointees, include the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. The Federal Reserve, which oversees the biggest banks, has two vacancies on its Board of Governors, including the one responsible for bank rules. Complicated Process Another issue that could impede changing rules is the byzantine process for approving regulations -- one reason that Dodd-Frank took years to implement. Rules must be written, offered for public comment, often over several months, and deliberated internally before there is a final vote to approve them. In addition, some of the most onerous and unpopular regulations have been put together by multiple agencies. In the case of the Volcker Rule, which prohibits banks from making market bets with their own capital, it took years of negotiations to get the five regulators involved to agree. To revise Volcker, each agency would need to sign off on changes. “The time frame for this, it’s going to take a while,” said Michael Barr, who helped write Dodd-Frank while a Treasury Department official in the Obama administration. --With assistance from Ben Bain. To contact the reporters on this story: Robert Schmidt in Washington at rschmidt5@bloomberg.net ;Jesse Hamilton in Washington at jhamilton33@bloomberg.net ;Elizabeth Dexheimer in Washington at edexheimer@bloomberg.net To contact the editors responsible for this story: Jesse Westbrook at jwestbrook1@bloomberg.net Ros Krasny COPYRIGHT © 2017 Bloomberg L.P Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 1 Dennis A. Dixon on Feb 6, 2017 Prior to Dodd-Frank, the banks were lending money to anyone with a heartbeat. Adjusting the rules to reflect financial conditions of 2017 makes sense. Consumers are frustrated with fees. Conditions for appraisals also need review and revision. My personal experience is that appraisers have been assigned more authority and expertise than their credentials support. Some are very professional. Others are fly by night. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Let's Think Again About Whether Dodd-Frank Worked: Tyler Cowen Trump to Order Dodd-Frank Review, Halt Obama Fiduciary Rule Sound Bites from MBA: Some Borrowers Will Be ‘Toast’ Lenders Overcome FinReg Fears CMBS Issuance to Accelerate, Report Says Advertisement The Latest in Finance & Investment Election Fuels Shift in Investor Sentiment  Deutsche Bank Analysts Say Time to Short CMBS as Retailers Ail High-Dollar Office Deals Highlight Foreign Capital's Hand in Extending CRE Market's Bull Run The Pros and Cons of Proposed Federal Charters for Fintech After a Lean Year for REIT M&As, 2017 Talk Turns Private More Advertisement Recent Comments A manager bond is a bond required by an official courtroom for somebody who is going about as the director in... Posted 1 sec ago by Angela Tindle As a Finance and Investment Company who is a Premier Provider of Trade Finance, Project Finance & Funding... Posted 19 hours 40 min ago by marcolic111 As a Finance and Investment Company who is a Premier Provider of Trade Finance, Project Finance & Funding... Posted 19 hours 40 min ago by marcolic111 As a Finance and Investment Company who is a Premier Provider of Trade Finance, Project Finance & Funding... Posted 19 hours 41 min ago by marcolic111 As a Finance and Investment Company who is a Premier Provider of Trade Finance, Project Finance & Funding... Posted 19 hours 41 min ago by marcolic111 Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Advertisement Nreionline.com Finance & Investment Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Real Estate Services NREI Wire Site Features Subscribe RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site National Real Estate Investor Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Search Nreionline.com Search: PISCES National Real Estate Investor Related Sites WealthManagement.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nord Anglia Education Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nord Anglia Education Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Blackrock Throgmorton Trust PLC (THRG) Increases Dividend to GBX 6.25 Per Share Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Akamai Technologies, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AKAM) Allergan PLC. (AGN) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.55 Per Share AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) Receives $16.63 Average Target Price from Brokerages Sanatana Resources Inc (STA) Director Peter Leighton Miles Purchases 372,000 Shares of Stock Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. (ALEX) Director Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares Nicholas Financial, Inc. (NICK) Major Shareholder Magnolia Capital Fund, Lp Purchases 19,196 Shares Brokerages Anticipate Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) to Post $0.61 Earnings Per Share Owens Corning Inc (OC) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Avon Products, Inc. (AVP) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Analysts Offer Predictions for Camden Property Trust’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CPT) Jefferies Group Comments on CenturyLink, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CTL) Brokerages Set Computer Programs and Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Price Target at $34.55 Seaport Global Securities Brokers Cut Earnings Estimates for Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (DO) Daniel Kerzner Sells 36,000 Shares of Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. (ALRM) Stock Elissa Fink Sells 5,000 Shares of Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Nord Anglia Education, Inc. (NORD) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Nord Anglia Education, Inc. (NYSE:NORD) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has $24.00 price objective on the stock. According to Zacks, “Nord Anglia Education Inc. is an international operator of premium schools. It teaches children from kindergarten through the end of secondary school at its 27 premium schools in China, Europe, the Middle East and Southeast Asia and North America. The School also offers vocational schooling, organizational improvement, guidance, consultancy and support, training services, and more. Nord Anglia Education Inc. is headquartered in Central, Hong Kong. “ A number of other research analysts also recently weighed in on NORD. Credit Suisse Group set a $25.00 price objective on Nord Anglia Education and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. Barclays PLC downgraded Nord Anglia Education from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating and raised their price objective for the company from $22.00 to $24.00 in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. J P Morgan Chase & Co raised their price objective on Nord Anglia Education from $24.00 to $25.00 and gave the company an overweight rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Finally, CLSA downgraded Nord Anglia Education from an outperform rating to an underperform rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $25.80. Nord Anglia Education (NYSE:NORD) traded down 2.21% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $22.10. The company had a trading volume of 7,537 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $22.84 and its 200-day moving average is $22.41. Nord Anglia Education has a one year low of $16.71 and a one year high of $24.47. The company has a market cap of $2.30 billion, a P/E ratio of 42.50 and a beta of 0.93. Nord Anglia Education (NYSE:NORD) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.27 by $0.02. Nord Anglia Education had a return on equity of 22.83% and a net margin of 6.57%. The firm had revenue of $261 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $261.91 million. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.25 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Nord Anglia Education will post $0.68 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/06/nord-anglia-education-inc-nord-raised-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in NORD. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Nord Anglia Education by 445.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,900 shares of the company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 4,002 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. acquired a new stake in Nord Anglia Education during the second quarter worth about $202,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors acquired a new stake in Nord Anglia Education during the second quarter worth about $484,000. BlackRock Group LTD raised its stake in Nord Anglia Education by 74.2% in the second quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 8,959 shares of the company’s stock worth $189,000 after buying an additional 3,817 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in Nord Anglia Education by 149.6% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 189,826 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,013,000 after buying an additional 113,761 shares during the period. 31.45% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Nord Anglia Education Nord Anglia Education, Inc is an operator of international schools. As of August 31, 2016, the Company taught over 37,000 students, from kindergarten through the end of secondary school (K-12), at its 43 schools in China, Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia and North America. The Company’s segments include China, Europe, Middle East (ME), Southeast Asia (SEA), North America and Other. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Nord Anglia Education (NORD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Nord Anglia Education Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nord Anglia Education Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
