  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump outreach to Dimon for Treasury job may fall on deaf ears By Reuters Published: 18:49 EST, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 18:49 EST, 10 November 2016 e-mail By Dan Freed and David Henry Nov 10 (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon did not support Republican Donald Trump's presidential campaign, yet some Trump advisers want America's most famous banker to become Treasury Secretary to calm nerves on Wall Street. A member of Trump's transition team contacted Dimon recently to see if he would be interested in the role, two people familiar with the matter told Reuters on Thursday. It was not clear whether Dimon had responded, though he has said emphatically multiple times that he was not interested in the role. JPMorgan spokesman Andrew Gray declined to comment, and Dimon, who is traveling outside the United States, could not be reached. Trump's close circle of advisers includes several with Wall Street ties. His campaign finance manager, Steven Mnuchin, is a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc banker. Fundraiser Anthony Scaramucci is a hedge fund executive. A person familiar with Trump's personnel efforts said the transition team's list included Dimon, Mnuchin and Rep. Jeb Hensarling. The person said that Mnuchin was a more likely choice given his proximity to Trump. Trump's controversial rhetoric and behavior during the campaign concerning immigrants, women, minorities, the disabled, Muslims and China, among other things, were offensive to many senior Wall Street executives who have tried to embrace inclusion, diversity and globalization. Trump also criticized Wall Street on the trail, saying the industry "got away with murder" and would not be let off the hook. Since being elected on Tuesday, Trump has softened his tone and tried to bridge gaps by meeting with President Obama and taking calls from foreign officials. Bringing Dimon on board could help him mend fences with the financial industry, which appears to be coming around to the idea of Trump in the White House. At an event on Thursday, Goldman Sachs Group Inc CEO Lloyd Blankfein said Trump could be good for the economy and Dimon would be an excellent choice for Treasury Secretary, while hedge fund manager Bill Ackman said Trump's advisers would get "the best and brightest" to run the economy. Hensarling's office indicated in a statement that he did not want the job. "Serving in his Cabinet is not something I've indicated an interest in and it's not something I am pursuing," the statement said. He said he looked forward to working in Congress to repeal the Dodd-Frank Act which tightened regulations on Wall Street in the wake of the financial crisis. Dimon, a lifelong Democrat, has been floated as a possible candidate for roles like Treasury Secretary in the past. However, resentment toward bankers following the 2007-2009 financial crisis made his candidacy much less likely, as did JPMorgan-specific scandals related to a costly derivatives trade and bad mortgages. A $13 billion mortgage settlement JPMorgan reached with the federal government in 2013 prompted Trump then to call Dimon "the worst banker in the United States." However, Dimon has managed to retain a reputation within the banking industry as a distinguished leader, in part by the way he handled those scandals and the way he talks about JPMorgan's role in society as the largest U.S. bank. For instance, Dimon decided to have JPMorgan make big investments in Detroit, calling it a civic duty to turn around an economically challenged city. His memos, speeches and letters to shareholders are often sprinkled with patriotic language. "America is best when we come together with clear leadership, expertise and the political will to take on difficult challenges and get things done," the 60-year-old chairman and CEO said in a memo to JPMorgan Chase employees following Tuesday's election. "No one should ever doubt the strength and resilience of our country and our democracy." However, Dimon has said as recently as September that he would not want a role as Treasury Secretary. If he holds to that, it could put him and JPMorgan in an awkward position. Saying "no" to a presidential request to join the cabinet is unusual, and the bank would then be overseen by appointees from an administration Dimon rejected. Even so, his associates do not expect Dimon to say "yes." Dimon has said his determination to act would make it hard to make political compromises. Talking before an audience in September, he said the only job in government he would want is the one Trump is about to get. "I would love to be president of the United States of America," Dimon told the Economic Club of Washington. "Until Donald Trump got to where he was, they said you'll never see a rich businessman who's never been in politics be president. I clearly was wrong about that." (Reporting by Dan Freed and David Henry in New York; Additional reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru and David Shepardson and Emily Stephenson in Washington; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Bill Trott and David Gregorio) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. charges Florida man in case linked to JPMorgan hacking probe By Reuters Published: 18:09 EST, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 18:09 EST, 10 November 2016 e-mail By Nate Raymond NEW YORK, Nov 10 (Reuters) - A Florida man is the latest individual to face criminal charges in connection with what U.S. prosecutors say was an illegal bitcoin exchange owned by an Israeli accused of being behind hacking attacks on companies including JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ricardo Hill, 38, was arrested last month in Florida and charged in a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Manhattan with conspiring to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business. A federal magistrate granted Hill's release on Thursday on a $75,000 bond following a court appearance in Manhattan, court records show. A lawyer for Hill declined to comment. Hill, a resident of Brandon, Florida, is one of nine people to face charges following an investigation connected to a data breach that JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 involving records for more than 83 million accounts. According to court papers, the charges stemmed from Hill's employment as a finance support manager and business development consultant for an unlicensed bitcoin exchange called Coin.mx. Prosecutors have said Coin.mx was operated by another Florida man, Anthony Murgio, and owned by Gery Shalon, an Israeli accused of orchestrating a massive hacking scheme involving JPMorgan and other companies. Prosecutors contend Shalon along with another Israeli, Ziv Orenstein, and an American, Joshua Samuel Aaron, ran a criminal enterprise that hacked into a dozen companies' networks, stealing the personal information of over 100 million customers. While Hill and Murgio were not accused of roles in the hacking offenses, prosecutors said they committed crimes linked to the operation of Coin.mx, which exchanged millions of dollars of the virtual currency bitcoin for customers. The complaint against Hill said that he and others profited from numerous bitcoin transactions conducted on behalf of victims of schemes involving ransomware, which locks up computer systems and then demands payments to remove the restriction. To date, two individuals have pleaded guilty in connection with the Coin.mx case. Murgio and two other men have pleaded not guilty and are scheduled to face trial in February. Shalon and Orenstein pleaded not guilty following their extradition from Israel in June. Aaron is currently in Russia. The case is U.S. v. Hill, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-mj-6437. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
null
Continue to Site » ADVERTISEMENT Tuesday, November 15, 2016  |  as of 9:01 PM ET Recent Issues | Magazine | Video | Web Seminars | White Papers Women in Banking | FinTech Forward Log In | My Account | Customer Service dealmaking & strategy community banking national/ regional law & regulation consumer finance bank technology bankthink conferences & events data & research resource center = Subscriber content; log in or subscribe now to access all American Banker content. Women in Banking: Goldman's New Partners; America's Gender Divide By Tanaya Macheel November 10, 2016 Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + Email Comments Print Reprints Related Q&A with Sallie Krawcheck The Circuit: The 'Daughters of Banking' Community Banker of the Year: Heritage Oaks' Simone Lagomarsino What Bankers Want (and Don't Want) from President Trump 'That's Just Really, Really Bad': Bank CEOs React to Wells Scandal Why Media Representation Matters for Women in Banking Goldwomen: Women comprise 23% (19 out of 84) of Goldman Sachs’ latest class of partners. Goldman says that is the highest proportion and greatest number of female partners of any class ever. Among those selected were: Kathryn Koch, global head of client portfolio management for Goldman Sachs Asset Management’s equities business, and Kim Posnett, global co-head of internet investment banking. Goldman would not disclose how many partners it has overall or how many of them are women. But it is a privileged club: a Goldman partnership, considered one of Wall Street’s highest honors, typically comes with a $950,000 salary, a cut of a special bonus pool and the opportunity to invest in private funds. The selection process hasn't changed much in the past few decades, according to Edith Cooper, global chief of human capital management. The evaluation is based on how individuals are performing and what their potential for leadership is. Cooper, a newcomer to our Most Powerful Women in Finance list, is vice chair of the partnership committee, which selects the partners from among Goldman’s managing directors. Confidence Matters: For Thasunda Duckett, the new chief executive of JPMorgan Chase’s Consumer Bank, there is no typical day. The few constants are that she aims to see her four kids in the morning before the workday begins, tries to talk to employees at all levels of the business and spends a lot of time mentoring others. “I think it's beautiful to be me, to be a woman, to be black, to be born in New York and raised in Texas, because that is who I am,” she says. “I tell women or other minorities to be confident in who you are and know that you do belong … don’t own someone else's bias and negativity. Don't subscribe to that. That's not who you are.” Duckett, a repeat honoree on our Women to Watch list, held several top mortgage-lending jobs at JPMorgan Chase before she was named CEO of its auto finance arm in early 2013 and of the consumer banking unit this September. One of the 50: Fortune named Synchrony Financial CEO Margaret Keane a 2016 Businessperson of the Year. There are six female CEOs in the 50-person ranking, which is based on company data, such as 12- and 36-month increases in profit, revenue, and stock price. Keane is also on our Most Powerful Women in Finance list, where she has appeared consistently since 2007. Economic Booster: How can a country work toward ensuring equal pay for men and women? Christine Lagarde has some suggestions. The International Monetary Fund managing director says developed countries, for example, can attack the problem by easing the tax burden on families’ second income earners, typically women, and single-parent households, also usually women in the low tax brackets. Yellen’s Next Steps: Donald Trump isn’t planning to urge Janet Yellen to resign as chair of the Federal Reserve before her current term expires in February 2018, according to one of his economic advisers. However, he might not nominate Yellen for a second term as chair. Yellen’s term as a member of the Board of Governors expires in January 2024. She could stay on as a governor until then, regardless of whether she remains chair, but the tendency in the past has been for governors to leave when their term as chair ends. Beyond Banking Senate Women: The number of women of color in the U.S. Senate quadrupled Tuesday. Three Democrats — Kamala Harris, California’s attorney general; Catherine Cortez Masto, of Nevada, and Tammy Duckworth, of Illinois — are the new additions. Previously, Mazie Hirono, a Japanese American who represents Hawaii, had been the only nonwhite female Senator. Hirono is also a Democrat. Great Divide: Whether you believe Hillary Clinton lost the race “because she’s a woman,” one thing is certain from Tuesday: the U.S. gender divide has been underestimated. “This was an election that showed how much we still talk past one another when we talk about gender. It made plain profound gaps in how men and women perceive one another’s lives and prerogatives,” writes Susan Chira at the New York Times. “The campaign became a battle of two caricatures: male chauvinist pig against scheming, dishonest woman. It exposed parallel universes. In one, women flooded social media with their memories of sexual assault after Mr. Trump was caught on tape boasting about forcing himself on women. In another, men dismissed the tape as locker room talk or were surprised at how many women told them such harassment was commonplace.” Don’t Be Sorry: Given the discussion about how women apologize too frequently, it’s notable that about 20 seconds into Clinton’s concession speech Wednesday, she said, “I’m sorry we did not win this election.” It’s rare for a presidential candidate to use that word in a concession speech. Other losing candidates — including Romney in 2012, McCain in 2008, Gore in 2000 and Dole in 1996 — began their speeches expressing disappointment at the outcome, but none have explicitly apologized for losing. Read Clinton’s full speech here. If you see some news that should be included here, email us. Please join our LinkedIn group to connect with other women in the industry and visit our Women in Banking page for more frequent news updates. Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + Email Comments Print Reprints JOIN THE DISCUSSION Comment SEE MORE IN National/Regional RELATED TAGS Comments (0) Be the first to comment on this post using the section below. Add Your Comments: Not Registered? You must be registered to post a comment. Click here to register. Already registered? Log in here Please note you must now log in with your email address and password. E-MAIL ADDRESS PASSWORD Remember me Breaking News Little Bank to Buy Union Banc in North Carolina 10:49AM ET First Republic Seeks $287M in Latest Stock Offering 10:32AM ET Banking Job Cuts at Slowest Pace in Decade: Challenger Data 09:47AM ET Trustmark to Buy RB Bancorp. in Alabama 09:00AM ET Dealmaking & Strategy Ripples from Trump Win May Extend to Bank M&A Want Speedy M&A Integration? Involve Tech Team at Every Step Treasury Candidate Mnuchin Drew Praise, Scorn After IndyMac Deal Latino Small Businesses Courted by Fintech Firm's Lending Site Seacoast Sticks to Growth Plan in Face of Investor Criticism Headlines from Recent Bank Scandals Are Their Own Problem Take Millennials' Stated Banking Preferences with Grain of Salt Visit BankThink » Multimedia What's Next for Energy Lenders? Lots of 'Wound-Licking' Expect banks to pull back on energy lending in the near term, as regulators step up their scrutiny of oil loans and bankers approach the business with a "different attitude," says Mariner Kemper, chairman and chief executive at UMB Financial in Kansas City, Mo. See All » Breaking News Cambridge Bancorp Hires CFO 05:37PM ET PeoplesBank in Pa. Hires Field as CFO 04:13PM ET Bay Bancorp in Md. Facing Lawsuit Tied to Bank It Bought 03:01PM ET Former NOVA Bank CEO Sentenced for Tarp Fraud 02:27PM ET Community Banking Both Sides Agree: Lawsuit Looming on Credit Union Membership Rule Trump Tax Plan: Banks Could Save More than $30B a Year New Legal Risk for Banks: Websites the Disabled Can't Access Hope for Reg Relief, Fear of Trumponomics Among Small Banks CRE Lending: Time to Bail, or Dive In Head First? Why Making Yourself Uncomfortable Matters Wells Fargo's Sales Strategy: Good Intentions Gone Bad Visit BankThink » Multimedia What Bankers Want (and Don't Want) from President Trump Optimism is running high in banking after the presidential election, as many bankers see Donald Trump's promises to lower corporate taxes and weaken regulations as potential boons for the economy and their bottom lines. Others, though, doubt Trump would push through or even endorse meaningful regulatory reform and are wary of his protectionist rhetoric. Here's what some bankers have to say to the president-elect. See All » Breaking News Northern Trust Names New President 05:32PM ET Rich and Richer: Citi's Tailored Advisory Strategy 12:44PM ET Consumer Loans Souring Fast in Bonds Tied to Online Lenders 11:45AM ET First Republic Seeks $287M in Latest Stock Offering 10:32AM ET National/Regional Early Trump Effect: Higher Yields and (Maybe) Lower Tech Costs Big Banks Seek DOJ's Blessing for Real-Time Payment System Treasury Pick Mnuchin Drew Praise, Scorn After IndyMac Deal New Legal Risk for Banks: Websites the Disabled Can't Access How High-Tech Banks Are Fighting Back Against Patent Trolls Banking's Ethics Problems Run Much Deeper than Wells Fargo Women in Banking: Goldman's New Partners; America's Gender Divide Visit BankThink » Multimedia What Bankers Want (and Don't Want) from President Trump Optimism is running high in banking after the presidential election, as many bankers see Donald Trump's promises to lower corporate taxes and weaken regulations as potential boons for the economy and their bottom lines. Others, though, doubt Trump would push through or even endorse meaningful regulatory reform and are wary of his protectionist rhetoric. Here's what some bankers have to say to the president-elect. See All » Breaking News Former NOVA Bank CEO Sentenced for Tarp Fraud 02:27PM ET FHA Fund Jumps Again, Fueling Demands for Premium Cut 01:00PM ET First Financial Regulator Out the Door: SEC's Mary Jo White 05:38PM ET Facebook Nixes 'Ethnic Affinity' Filters in Housing, Credit Ads 04:16PM ET Law & Regulation GAO All But Endorses Fed Stress Tests, Dashing Industry Hopes FDIC Softens Final Big-Bank Deposit Plan Future of CFPB in Play as Warren Digs In Wall Street Critics in Disarray after Trump Victory CFPB's Arbitration, Payday Plans May Be Derailed, Gutted How Fed Can Reform Itself to Pre-Empt Trump-Inspired Overhaul Scrutiny of Wells Fargo Will Now Shift to the Board Visit BankThink » Multimedia Wells Fargo's Gift to Late Night Talk show hosts have had a field day with the Wells Fargo phony-accounts scandal, underscoring just how much it has hurt the bank's reputation. See All » Breaking News Northern Trust Names New President 05:32PM ET Consumer Loans Souring Fast in Bonds Tied to Online Lenders 11:45AM ET Prosper Marketplace CEO Aaron Vermut Resigns: Report 04:07PM ET Facebook Nixes 'Ethnic Affinity' Filters in Housing, Credit Ads 04:16PM ET Consumer Finance One Alternative Lender's Endgame: Become a Bank Consumer Debt Habits Barely Budge Despite CARD Act's Nudge Agents Object to New FHA Condo-Occupancy Rule Banks Mine Data to Find High Earners Who Live It Up Losses Shrink as Lending Club Seeks Return to Normalcy Why Big Banks Would Do Well to Spin Off Credit Cards There Is No Cookie-Cutter Customer Experience Visit BankThink » Multimedia Warning for Wealth Managers: Investors are Wary of Your Advice Changes in consumer behavior  including a growing distrust of financial advisers  are driving the rise of robo advisers, says Gauthier Vincent, a consultant with Deloitte. See All » Breaking News Rich and Richer: Citi's Tailored Advisory Strategy 12:44PM ET Prosper Marketplace CEO Aaron Vermut Resigns: Report 04:07PM ET Facebook Nixes 'Ethnic Affinity' Filters in Housing, Credit Ads 04:16PM ET FTC Sues NetSpend Over Prepaid Card Ad Claims 06:51PM ET Bank Technology 'Human, Please Look at This': Nasdaq Using AI to Spot Abuses Want Speedy M&A Integration? Involve Tech Team at Every Step SunTrust Pursues Tech Edge in Commercial Banking Would Trump Policies Help or Hurt Financial Tech? Yes. New Legal Risk for Banks: Websites the Disabled Can't Access Four Lessons as Rating Firms Look at Marketplace Lenders 'My Bank Will Survive' and Other Delusions Visit BankThink » Multimedia How Mobile Banking Is Raising Its Game Mobile phones are only going to become a bigger part of how banks interact with their customers, so several institutions are looking to enhance that experience. They are focusing on better ways of opening accounts, verifying identities, interacting with customers and offering new services and features. Here are some of the improvements announced this year. See All » Breaking News Consumer Loans Souring Fast in Bonds Tied to Online Lenders 11:45AM ET Prosper Marketplace CEO Aaron Vermut Resigns: Report 04:07PM ET Online Lending Startup Targets Travelers 08:00AM ET South Dakota Approves 36% Rate Cap on Payday Lenders 11:25AM ET Marketplace Lending Losses Shrink as Lending Club Seeks Return to Normalcy One Alternative Lender's Endgame: Become a Bank Latino Small Businesses Courted by Fintech Firm's Lending Site SoFi, Fannie Mae Offer Cash-Out Refi for Student Loans The Battle Begins: Banks Take On Online Lending Rivals Online Retailers Are Proof of Marketplace Lending's Sustainability It Should Be Obvious Now that Marketplace Lending Is Unsustainable Visit BankThink » Multimedia Who to Watch as Regulators Size Up Online Lending This year federal and state regulators have started to pay closer attention to the rapidly evolving online-lending sector  particularly online small-business lending. What follows is a look at eight key players in the debate over how to regulate this emerging industry. See All » Scrutiny of Wells Fargo Will Now Shift to the Board Following the regulatory orders against Wells Fargo and the resignation of its CEO, stockholders are likely to ask whether the board has responsibility and even... Read More Latest Posts Innovation Will Stall Without a Regulatory Fintech 'Sandbox' How Fed Can Reform Itself to Pre-Empt Trump-Inspired Overhaul Why Housing Should Rank High on Trump's Domestic Agenda Morning Scan: Trump Has Dodd-Frank Plans, Mum on Fannie, Freddie Banking's Ethics Problems Run Much Deeper than Wells Fargo How Out-of-Date Remittance Rules Worsen De-Risking Editor's Choice How Fed Can Reform Itself to Pre-Empt Trump-Inspired Overhaul Banking's Ethics Problems Run Much Deeper than Wells Fargo See All » Multimedia Customer Experience Is the Tie that Binds Banks and Fintech See All » Morning Scan: SEC Chair Leaving; GAO to Release Stress Test Review Featured Event Small Business Banking 11/09/2016 PGA National Resort & Spa Palm Beach Gardens, FL Upcoming Conferences Digital Mortgage 2016 December 8, 2016 Hilton San Francisco Union Square Retail Banking March 22, 2017 Trump National Doral Miami Card Forum May 8, 2017 Hilton Austin Mentor Factor May 24, 2017 Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan See All Conferences » Event Gallery See All » Benchmarking & Data American Banker Research: Issues + Actions A bimonthly report series assessing topics of vital interest to financial service executives. (Premium Subscription Required) Ranking the Banks A comprehensive database of bank rankings,league tables and vital statistics. (Registration Required) Rate Tracker Monitor and look up average deposit and loan rates by product and by state. (Registration Required) 2016: The Candidates, the Issues What bankers think about the 2016 election, and where the candidates stand on the issues More » American Banker Research: Issues + Actions Blockchains in Action Open APIs: A Banker's Guide See All » Featured Whitepapers Is The Financial Services Sector Thinking Big Enough With BI? Modern Lending and Banking: Three Steps to Delivering a Superior Customer Experience See All Whitepapers » Featured Web Seminars Secure your high-value finance applications and improve productivity New DDA strategies: Balancing growth, risk & regulators The future of omni-channel collections Identity is the new currency in global cybercrime How to optimize your outbound contact strategy and improve TCPA compliance First party collections  How to survive the regulations See All Web Seminars » American Banker Research: Issues + Actions Blockchains in Action Open APIs: A Banker's Guide See All » American Banker About Us Contact Us CareerZone Content Licensing & Reprints Advertise with Us Subscribe Customer Service My Account Site Map Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement RSS Feeds sourcemedia corporate site banking American Banker Credit Union Journal mortgages National Mortgage News payments PaymentsSource ISO & Agent municipal finance The Bond Buyer capital markets Mergers & Acquisitions Asset Securitization Report accounting Accounting Today Tax Pro Today healthcare technology Health Data Management Insurance Networking News Information Management employee benefits Employee Benefit News Employee Benefit Adviser investment advisory Financial Planning On Wall Street Bank Investment Consultant Money Management Executive © 2016 SourceMedia. All rights reserved. Mobile Version
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Jamie Dimon For Trump's Treasury Secretary? 10.11.2016 | 21:08 (1 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Jamie Dimon For Trump's Treasury Secretary? NEW YORK CITY (dpa-AFX) - President-elect Donald Trump's team is reportedly considering to offer JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon the post of the US Treasury Secretary. However, reports suggest that the JPMorgan chief has refused the offer and said he is not interested in the role. Dimon has several times in the past said that he would not be interested in the post, most recently in September. On Wednesday, Dimon sent a memo to JPMorgan staff calling them to come together for the nation after the 'most contentious elections' in the country. 'We have just been through one of the most contentious elections in memory, which can make it even harder to put our differences aside. But that makes it more important than ever to bind the wounds of our nation and to bring together Americans from all walks of life. Recognizing that our diversity is a core strength of our nation, we must all come together as fellow patriots to solve our most serious challenges,' it said. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Trump considers JPMorgan boss Jamie Dimon for Treasury Secretary Jamie Dimon, the boss of JPMorgan Ben Martin 10 November 2016 • 6:49pm Jamie Dimon, the boss of JPMorgan, has reportedly been approached to become Donald Trump’s Treasury Secretary, even though the Wall Street heavyweight would be considered by most to be an outsider for role because he has repeatedly insisted he would not want the job. A member of the US president-elect’s team contacted Mr Dimon, who is well-respected in the banking industry, about the job, Reuters said. Reports that Mr Trump’s advisers were considering the banking boss for the role were dismissed by a source close to the bank, who told The Telegraph that there was a “less than 1pc” chance of Mr Dimon becoming Treasury Secretary. Meanwhile, former congressional aide Jeb Hensarling was also reported to be considered as a candidate for Treasury Secretary. Mr Hensarling is chairman of the House Financial Services Committee and has pursued top Republican priorities, such as rolling back the 2010 Dodd Frank law. Billionaire-turned-reality-television-star Mr Trump has no government experience and faces the challenge of reassuring investors by filling his administration with respected individuals. The tycoon stunned the world when he confounded pollsters to beat Hillary Clinton to the White House. A JPMorgan spokesman declined to comment on the Reuters report. It is not known how Mr Dimon responded to the Trump team’s request, the news agency said. Mr Dimon, 60, has been JPMorgan’s chief executive since 2005 and has previously been linked with government roles, although he has dismissed the idea of being Treasury Secretary a number of times, including most recently in a speech in Washington in September.  The bank boss has already told JPMorgan employees that they must respect the election of Mr Trump, who beat Mrs Clinton by running a hugely divisive campaign. In a memo to staff, Mr Dimon said: “We are going through a period of profound political and economic change around the world, and American citizens showed that deep desire for change in voting to elect Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States.” He added: “We need to listen to those voices.” Mr Dimon said earlier this year that he'd love to be president, but acknowledged that it was too hard to run, and "too late".   Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: US Election Banks and Finance Donald Trump Show more Business latest 16 Nov 2016, 12:01am Hefty price tags: The most expensive places in the world to be a retailer 15 Nov 2016, 10:45pm Snapchat prepares for $25bn+ flotation  15 Nov 2016, 9:29pm Global dollar shock threatens fresh financial storm, warns watchdog Premium 15 Nov 2016, 9:27pm Comment: Tesco’s 'Drastic' Dave Lewis may be urged to show his daring side Ben Marlow Premium 15 Nov 2016, 8:58pm Comment: It's painful to admit, but I agree with Trump about central banks  Ben Wright Premium 15 Nov 2016, 7:55pm Google to create 3,000 more UK jobs in major boost for London technology scene 15 Nov 2016, 6:51pm High street bargains hold down inflation as Mark Carney warns higher prices are 'going to come' 15 Nov 2016, 6:42pm Exxon battles to get reduction in record $74bn fine over oil royalties 15 Nov 2016, 6:30pm Comment: Trump's 'Keynesian stimulus' threatens to reignite dormant eurozone crisis Jeremy Warner Premium 15 Nov 2016, 5:24pm Italian growth overtakes Germany as the eurozone’s core slows down  01:46 15 Nov 2016, 5:24pm Pound edges back above $1.24 as Mark Carney calls attacks on central bankers a 'massive blame-deflection exercise' 15 Nov 2016, 5:03pm John Lewis sends perfect Christmas gift to long-suffering Twitter user John Lewis 15 Nov 2016, 4:51pm B&M bullish on store roll-outs despite sterling slump 15 Nov 2016, 4:45pm Wembley developer secures £800m loan from North American funds 15 Nov 2016, 4:09pm Revealed: where to move in the UK if you want to make your salary stretch further  15 Nov 2016, 3:15pm FirstGroup riding high on the dollar as its US businesses drive growth 01:15 15 Nov 2016, 3:01pm What date is Black Friday 2016? Plus everything you need to know about finding the best deals 15 Nov 2016, 2:56pm Former RBS executive to list Bank of Cyprus in London 15 Nov 2016, 2:41pm BP picks Deloitte for one of Britain's most valuable audits 15 Nov 2016, 1:46pm Premier Foods shrugs off Brexit price pressures 15 Nov 2016, 1:33pm 'Walkie Talkie' owner Land Securities posts £95m loss as demand for property slips If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Morning Insider Editor's Note Polls Greg David Blogs Greg David on New York In the Markets The Insider Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts Galleries Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content Accenture Digital Transportation Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards Hutchinson Metro Center Advertorials White Papers Wealth Management TV New York Stories 5boros Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Media & Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation Politics NEWS › Politics November 10, 2016 12:34 p.m. Updated 11/10/2016 Trump team considering Dimon for Treasury secretary, CNBC says CEO of JPMorgan isn't interested in the job, according to a person familiar with the matter By Bloomberg News Comments Email Print × Photo: Bloomberg News Dimon has emphasized the need for bipartisan collaboration. President-Elect Donald Trump’s advisers are considering JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon for Treasury secretary, CNBC reported, citing two people familiar with the matter. Dimon isn’t interested, one of the people told CNBC. The JPMorgan CEO said Wednesday that Trump’s surprise victory and the U.K.’s vote to leave the European Union are signs of frustration with a lack of economic opportunity that shouldn’t be ignored. Dimon, 60, was one of the few Wall Street leaders to indicate a presidential preference when he said last month while discussing his hopes for the next president that “she reaches across the aisle.” Andrew Gray, a spokesman for JPMorgan, declined to comment on the CNBC report. A Trump campaign spokeswoman didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. During this year’s contentious U.S. campaign between Trump and Hillary Clinton, Dimon repeatedly emphasized the need for bipartisan collaboration. In 2012, he said he was still “barely” a Democrat and criticized the economic views of some politicians in the party. Even though Trump has spent months attacking bankers and investors as members of a criminal global elite, he’s relied on them for campaign support. Chief fundraiser Steven Mnuchin and Republican National Committee finance chairman Lew Eisenberg were both Goldman Sachs Group Inc. partners. The head of presidential appointments for his transition, William Hagerty IV, is a private equity executive. Goldman Sachs Group Inc.Donald TrumpHillary ClintonJamie DimonFinancePoliticsReal EstateDemocratRepublicanWall Street Get Crain's Morning Insider Sign up for the Morning Insider email and receive political news and musings every morning at 6 a.m. More Newsletters › Comments Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2016 Book of Lists Privately Held Companies Technology Employers Commercial Property Managers Foundations Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Get Crain's Morning Insider Sign up for the Morning Insider email and receive political news and musings every morning at 6 a.m. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Eric Schneiderman lowers boom on NFL ticket... Univision-owned Fusion votes to unionize Beemers for Brooklynites: BMW launches car-... New York Building Congress hires Brooklyn... Cuomo and REBNY already disagree about last... Most Popular Trump team vows to dismantle Wall Street... Trump win is heaven sent for the 1% Cuomo reaches a deal to revive lucrative... Expect four years of gridlock, not in... High taxes and limited enforcement have New... Related News Retail CEOs breathe sigh of relief as election distraction ends Regulators rush to finalize rules on Wall Street pay ahead of Trump takeover Trump could turn to an unlikely ally in Congress: Chuck Schumer Bernie Sanders doesn't rule out a 2020 White House run Trump team vows to dismantle Wall Street reforms Democratic lawmaker calls for Christie's impeachment Trump University trial may feature campaign comments Clinton urges supporters to accept the results in final campaign remarks Trump presidency creates uncertainty for 2.8 million New Yorkers covered under Obamacare News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics All Industries Health Pulse Resources Archives White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Polls Podcasts Videos Photos Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Digital NY Real Estate Daily Video Small Business Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Blogs In the Markets The RED Wrap Greg David on NY The Insider Events Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions iPad app Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame Most-Connected New Yorkers Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2016 Crain Communications Inc.
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Ideas MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Mariah Carey’s New MAC Holiday Collection Is Just As Glittery As You Think It Would Be Apple Just Saved the Peach Emoji This Golden Toilet Is the Ultimate Instagram Selfie Bait Megyn Kelly Says Her 5-Year-Old Daughter Asked Her What a ‘Bimbo’ Was After Donald Trump Insult Here’s How to Make Ross’s Beloved Thanksgiving Turkey Sandwich From Friends These 3 Common Arguments For Preserving the Electoral College Are Wrong Google’s New App Can Help You Scan Old Family Photos Boomers and Millennials Have to Join Forces to Fight Climate Change Why Fewer Moms Are Spanking Their Kids SodaStream Shames People Who Drink Seltzer From Cans Game of Thrones-Style TIME Ideas politics Stanley McChrystal and Jamie Dimon: How to Honor Those Who Serve This Veterans Day Stanley McChrystal Jamie Dimon Nov. 10, 2016 SHARE Joe Raedle—Getty Images Members of the G. Holmes Braddock Senior High School NJROTC color guard carry their flags during a Veterans day ceremony in Miami Beach, Florida, on Nov. 11, 2015. Stanley McChrystal is a Retired U.S. Army General and member of JPMorgan Chase’s Military and Veterans Affairs Executive Advisory Council Jamie Dimon is the Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co. We must find tangible ways to help them transition back to civilian life This Veterans Day marks a significant milestone for service men and women. Since 9/11, the American people have shown tremendous support for our troops, but those returning from service have faced challenges reintegrating, particularly in finding meaningful employment. After reaching a peak of more than 12% in 2011, unemployment rates for post-9/11 veterans are the lowest they’ve been in five years. Back then, roughly a third of recent veterans under the age of 25—men and women who volunteered right out of high school and gained extraordinary skills that our economy needed—found themselves without work. Times were challenging for them and for their families and communities, but also for businesses that were missing out on recruiting high-value, highly-skilled employees. Higher veteran employment rates are good news for the nearly 200,000 servicemembers who will return to civilian life this year. We have reason to celebrate this progress and should applaud both the private and public sector efforts that have had an impact on veterans. But the truth is that our work has only just begun. Veterans may have an easier time finding a job than they did five years ago, but many of them are not landing jobs that they feel meet their level of experience and expertise. In fact, half of veterans seem to be leaving their first jobs out of the military within a year. What’s more, a new study by the Center for a New American Security sponsored by JPMorgan Chase found that nearly 60% of veterans feel overqualified for the civilian jobs they’re offered. It’s not easy making the switch from the battleground to the business meeting, but the skills our veterans bring—integrity, diligence, commitment—are highly valued. Whether it’s government, finance, consulting or another field, getting the right people in the right roles is critical. Hiring veterans is good business because they deliver; engaging and retaining their talent is also great for business. That’s been proven true time and again at JPMorgan Chase. Five years ago, we took on what felt like at the time an unsurmountable goal—we joined 10 other companies to hire 100,000 veterans. The commitment came from the very top at JPMorgan Chase and sought the advisement of highly respected names in the veterans’ space. Today, the Veteran Jobs Mission has an expanded mission with more than 230 companies committed to hiring one million veterans, and more than 350,000 hires made since then. At JPMorgan Chase, we’ve hired more than 11,000 veterans in the past five years, including 2,000 to have been hired by the end of the year. Other public and private businesses, no matter how small, can do the same for veterans by seeking them out and hiring them. First Lady Michelle Obama said it best when we announced our new mission of hiring one million veterans, “Our veterans and military spouses are some of the most dynamic, dedicated, and highly skilled individuals in America.” She also acknowledged what many of us who have been hiring veterans already knew, that “these companies aren’t doing it just because it’s the right thing to do for our country,” she said. “They’re doing it because it’s the right thing to do for their bottom line.” We must recognize the unique skill sets that veterans bring to the workforce and help them translate that into success on the job. The traits they learn in the military lend themselves to a diverse range of positions in the private sector, including information technology, project management, leadership and more. Business leaders ought to continue investing not only in resources to help veterans with the often bumpy transition into the private sector but also to train managers to understand the unique talents and needs of veterans to help maximize their impact and effectiveness. That’s why JPMorgan Chase created a sponsorship program to support onboarding veteran employees that pair them up with veterans who have been in the firm for some time, to help them learn the ropes and feel more connected to a community. It is also why we began military internship and executive development programs which provide veterans insight and experience in different lines of work as well as an opportunity to build a support network that will help them learn and grow within the firm. Transition is not easy for anyone, especially coming out of the military to a civilian job, but if we provide the proper support, we have seen see a return on investment that has been well worth it. This Veterans Day, we recognize the sacrifices our men and women in uniform have made on behalf of us all. To best honor their service, we must find tangible ways to support our veterans as they transition back to civilian life. Tap to read full story TIME Ideas hosts the world's leading voices, providing commentary on events in news, society, and culture. We welcome outside contributions. Opinions expressed do not necessarily reflect the views of TIME editors. Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Trump is reportedly considering JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon for Treasury secretary Linette Lopez Nov. 10, 2016, 11:51 AM 47,482 facebook linkedin twitter email print Yuri Gripas/Reuters; Samantha Lee/Business Insider President-elect Donald Trump is considering offering the post of Treasury secretary to JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon, CNBC's Kate Kelly is reporting. A lifelong Democrat, Dimon supported Barack Obama in 2008 and during the aftermath of the financial crisis. As post-financial-crisis Dodd-Frank regulation started to make an impact on the American financial system, however, he became much more critical. On Wednesday, after Trump won Tuesday's presidential election, Dimon sent a memo to JPMorgan employees calling them to come together for the nation. He also made a subtle dig at Trump's stances on immigration and race. "We have just been through one of the most contentious elections in memory, which can make it even harder to put our differences aside," the memo said. "But that makes it more important than ever to bind the wounds of our nation and to bring together Americans from all walks of life. Recognizing that our diversity is a core strength of our nation, we must all come together as fellow patriots to solve our most serious challenges." JPMorgan declined comment to Business Insider about Trump's possible interest in Dimon as Treasury secretary. Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs official, is also reportedly in the running for the position. Dimon signaled at a JPMorgan conference last month that he expected Democrat Hillary Clinton to win the election. "I hope the next president, she reaches across the aisle," he said. Trump has been critical of Dimon in the past too. In 2013 he raised an eye at the CEO for settling a civil-suits against the bank. "I don't believe in settling cases," Trump told Bloomberg. "I'm not Jamie Dimon, who pays $13 billion to settle a case and then pays $11 billion to settle a case and who I think is the worst banker in the United States." On the OTHER hand, Trump has praised Dimon in the past as well. Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote. The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 16, 2012 Read the full story over at CNBC » NOW WATCH: Obama gives Trump advice during their first White House meeting Loading video... More: Jamie Dimon Treasury Department Donald J. Trump BI Graphics facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Trump is reportedly considering JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon for Treasury secretary Trump is reportedly considering JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon for Treasury secretary President-elect Donald Trump is considering... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»M&G High Income Investment Trust PLC: Reconstruction Proposals 10.11.2016 | 08:17 (14 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News M&G High Income Investment Trust PLC: Reconstruction Proposals THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN ARE NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO, THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA OR THE REPUBLIC OF SOUTH AFRICA 10 November 2016 M&G High Income Investment Trust P.L.C. Reconstruction Proposals M&G High Income Investment Trust P.L.C. (the 'Company') has a fixed life and is due to wind up on 17 March 2017 (the 'Wind-Up Date').  Having taken independent advice from its financial adviser, Winterflood Securities Limited ('Winterflood'), the board of the Company (the 'Board') intends to put forward proposals for a reconstruction of the Company to coincide with the Wind-Up Date (the 'Proposals').  In the Company's annual report and accounts for the year ended 31 May 2016, the Board noted its intention to offer shareholders at least one option alongside the liquidation of the Company, which would allow a tax- efficient rollover for those wishing to continue with their investment. The Board also noted that it expected to consider both open-ended and closed-ended investment vehicles for this purpose. Open-ended investment companies rollover options The Board is pleased to have agreed with M&G Investments ('M&G'), that M&G will make available as rollover options the following open-ended investment companies it manages: 1. M&G Extra Income Fund, which has a high degree of overlap between the investment objectives and the underlying holdings of the Company and benefits from continuity of management as it is managed by the same portfolio manager, Richard Hughes, who is also responsible for managing the Company's assets.   This fund will be the default option for shareholders in the Company who do not choose one of the other alternative options; 2. M&G Strategic Corporate Bond Fund; and 3. M&G Dividend Fund. Closed-ended investment company rollover option  The Board, conscious that some shareholders may favour maintaining their investment in a closed-ended structure has, along with Winterflood, conducted an extensive review of potential closed-ended rollover options. The Board is pleased to announce that it has agreed heads of terms with the board of JPMorgan Elect plc ('JPMorgan Elect') for JPMorgan Elect to act as the closed-ended rollover option in connection with the Proposals.  JPMorgan Elect provides investors access to a number of different investment strategies, including one focussed on UK equity income, through a multi-share class structure and the Board believe this will appeal to the Company's shareholders and unitholders. JPMorgan Elect, which has total net assets of circa £290 million (as at 31 October 2016), has three share classes, and quarterly conversion between share classes is permitted.  The investment objectives of the three classes, which the Board considers to be comparable to the Company's overall investment objective, are set out below: * Managed Income - A growing income return with potential for long term capital growth by investing in equities, investment companies and fixed income securities. * Managed Growth - Long term capital growth from investing in a range of investment trusts and open-ended funds managed principally by JPMorgan Asset Management. * Managed Cash - Preservation of capital with a yield based on short term interest rates by investing in a range of liquidity funds and short dated AAA-rated UK or G7 government securities hedged into sterling. It is expected that each of JPMorgan Elect's share classes will be made available as rollover options for the Company's shareholders.  Each share class is listed separately and traded on the main market of the London Stock Exchange and JPMorgan Elect's shareholders are able to switch between the three share classes on a quarterly basis without incurring a liability to UK capital gains tax. Pursuant to the Proposals, which will be subject to approval by the Company's shareholders, the Company, through a scheme of reconstruction under section 110 of the Insolvency Act 1986, will be wound up voluntarily and its shareholders, in respect of their shares, will be offered a choice of the following: * A tax and cost efficient rollover into new shares or units, as the case may be, to be issued by: * M&G Extra Income Fund; and/or * M&G Strategic Corporate Bond Fund; and/or * M&G Dividend Fund; and/or * JPMorgan Elect plc; and/or * A cash exit at NAV less costs. The costs to be borne by the Company will be limited to £350,000, being the amount which would have been incurred had the Company simply been placed into liquidation.  It has been agreed that M&G and JPMorgan Funds Limited, the manager of JPMorgan Elect, will meet the substantial additional costs to be incurred by the Company, above those of a simple liquidation, as a result of including the tax efficient rollover options. M&G and JPMorgan Funds Limited have agreed to contribute towards the excess costs pro rata to the amount rolling over into their respective funds. The Company will release specific details of the Proposals early in 2017. For further information, please contact: M&G Investments Info.mghighincome@mandg.co.uk Alexandra Ranson Winterflood Securities Limited +44 (0)20 3100 0000 Neil Morgan This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: M&G High Income Investment Trust PLC via GlobeNewswire A0MV080553292R23 Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here's the memo Jamie Dimon just sent to JPMorgan staff about the US election Matt Turner Nov. 9, 2016, 12:12 PM 73,069 facebook linkedin twitter email print REUTERS/Dylan Martinez Jamie Dimon just sent a memo to staff at JPMorgan reacting to the election of Donald Trump as the next US president. "We are going through a period of profound political and economic change around the world," the note said. Dimon added that the voices of those who have expressed frustration with the lack of economic opportunity available to them should be listened to. "We have just been through one of the most contentious elections in memory, which can make it even harder to put our differences aside," he said. "But that makes it more important than ever to bind the wounds of our nation and to bring together Americans from all walks of life." He added that he remained optimistic about America's future. Here's the full note: Message from Jamie Dimon Dear colleagues, We are going through a period of profound political and economic change around the world, and American citizens showed that deep desire for change in voting to elect Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States. We have heard through democratic processes in both Europe and the United States the frustration that so many people have with the lack of economic opportunity and the challenges they face. We need to listen to those voices. We have just been through one of the most contentious elections in memory, which can make it even harder to put our differences aside. But that makes it more important than ever to bind the wounds of our nation and to bring together Americans from all walks of life. Recognizing that our diversity is a core strength of our nation, we must all come together as fellow patriots to solve our most serious challenges. Leaders from across the public, private and nonprofit sectors need to collaborate to find meaningful solutions that create economic growth and greater opportunity for all. America is best when we come together with clear leadership, expertise and the political will to take on difficult challenges and get things done. No one should ever doubt the strength and resilience of our country and our democracy. JPMorgan Chase has a proud history of supporting our communities and our countries. Through your outstanding efforts, we have built a great company that will continue to thrive — as we continue to focus on helping to serve our clients and communities. We will also continue to help address the important public policy issues of the day and the underlying economic challenges throughout the world. I'm optimistic about America's future and the role our company will continue to play as we help the nation address our challenges and move forward together. Jamie NOW WATCH: Here’s what happens when interest rates go negative Loading video... More: JPMorgan Election 2016 facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's the memo Jamie Dimon just sent to JPMorgan staff about the US election Here's the memo Jamie Dimon just sent to JPMorgan staff about the US election Jamie Dimon just sent a memo to staff at... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon asks for unity in post-election memo By Reuters Published: 12:16 EST, 9 November 2016 | Updated: 12:16 EST, 9 November 2016 e-mail NEW YORK, Nov 9 (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Jamie Dimon called on employees, business leaders and government officials to work together on solutions to the United States' problems on Wednesday, in response to the surprise presidential election results. In a memo to employees, Dimon cited a "deep desire for change" and a frustration with the economy among the electorate, which voted Republican candidate Donald Trump into office. "We need to listen to those voices," Dimon wrote, calling on leaders across public, private and nonprofit sectors to come together. JPMorgan will continue its own work on public policy issues and economic challenges globally, he said. (Reporting by David Henry; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports UK faces Brexit bill of up to €60bn as Brussels toughens stance China revives ‘comrade’ in drive for Communist party discipline UK lacks Brexit plan, says leaked memo Putin seeks improved US ties in call with Trump US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports Donald Trump’s false promises to his supporters Latino groups argue Trump’s immigration stance close to Obama’s Trump appointment of Bannon raises ‘white nationalist’ fears FT explainer: a monumental transition of power Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Facebook and Google to restrict ads on fake news sites New Europe 100 — changemakers in central and eastern Europe Warren Buffett invests $1.2bn in US airlines Investment bank cuts in Asia belie long-term ambitions WhatsApp steps into frame with launch of video calls Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Sweden’s Riksbank eyes digital currency Global bond sell-off deepens in Trump growth bet ‘Trumpflation trade’ momentum cools as Treasury yields slip The Trump factor: have markets got carried away? Sharp fall in new London office building, survey shows Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Liberal self-flagellation always assumes a bleak future Donald Trump, Vladimir Putin and the art of a deal with Russia Donald Trump’s false promises to his supporters Stephen Bannon’s rise marks the triumph of the alt-right Trump v Putin: is the spectre of nuclear war back after 25 years? Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Skip the empathy, Mr Schultz, and focus on the coffee Can business schools propel women to the C-suite? The dire signal Apprentice Trump sends to bosses Entrepreneur brings agricultural technology to Australian outback Battling for influence — Hu Xijin, editor-in-chief, Global Times Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read US against the world? Trump’s America and the new global order Milan, Italy’s most business-focused city, looks to rival London The $88m student digs: homebuying for children of the super-rich Lunch with the FT: novelist Zadie Smith Brexit: a coup by one set of public schoolboys against another Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Dow Jones hits record on Trump stimulus hopes Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods It may be a better holiday shopping season than initially thought, analyst says Michelle Fox | @MFoxCNBC Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 6:40 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Could be a better holiday for retail: Matt Boss</p> <p>Matt Boss, JPMorgan retail analyst, discusses the retail sector and the mood of the consumer.</p> Could be a better holiday for retail: Matt Boss    Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 2:52 PM ET | 02:37 Uncertainty over who would be the next president held the consumer back, and now that the election is over, it could be good news for retailers this holiday shopping season, a top retail analyst told CNBC on Thursday. "I think it will be interesting to see over the next couple months, if we do see more of a sense of certainty, it could turn out to be a little bit better of a holiday then maybe initially thought," JPMorgan's Matt Boss said in an interview with CNBC's "Power Lunch." The retail sector rallied Thursday, with the S&P retail ETF (XRT) closing up almost 3 percent higher as some department store earnings came in. It was led by Kohl's, which ended more than 11 percent higher after it topped earnings expectations. Getty Images People carrying shopping bags walk along Fifth Avenue in New York. During the third quarter, the low-price department store recorded revenue of $4.327 billion, slightly above the Thomson Reuters estimate of $4.325 billion. Its adjusted earnings per share came in at 80 cents, easily topping expectations for 70 cents. Macy's, on the other hand, reported earnings that fell short of analysts' expectations. However, it raised its forecast for full-year comparable sales on owned and licensed items, saying they should decrease in the range of 2.5 percent to 3 percent. That compares with its prior outlook of a 3 percent to 4 percent decline. "This was the week that people were concerned about in retail. The department stores is where there was the most negativity overall," Boss said. "The department stores, so far, have delivered." More importantly, there is a sense of optimism looking forward, he added. "The fourth quarter, the first quarter, you have easier compares and I think people are looking ahead to 2017 more so on the traffic aspect, and maybe we can see some more optimism." — CNBC's Krystina Gustafson contributed to this report. Disclosures: Macy's, J.C. Penney and Nordstrom are investment banking clients of JPMorgan. JPMorgan owns a position of $1 million or more in debt securities of JCP, M, JWN. JPMorgan and/or affiliate is market maker and/or liquidity provider. JPMorgan acted as lead/co-manager in public offering of equity and/or debt securities for JCP. JPMorgan and/or JPMorgan Chase employee is Nordstrom director/officer. Michelle FoxProducer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change KSS --- XRT --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.

null
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News updated: 11/10/2016 8:23 PM Asian shares give up early gains on surging US bond yields Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   This Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, photo shows the New York Stock Exchange at sunset, in lower Manhattan. Stocks are opening higher on Wall Street, Thursday, Nov. 10, 2016, as the rebound in share prices around the world continued two days after the election of Donald Trump as the next U.S. president. Associated Press   Trader Daniel Porin works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016. Stocks are moving solidly higher in midday trading on Wall Street following Donald Trump's upset victory over Hillary Clinton in the U.S. presidential election. Associated Press   By YURI KAGEYAMA     TOKYO -- Asian shares gave up early gains on Friday as expectations that Donald Trump's policies on trade might fuel inflation, pushing bond yields sharply higher. The dollar surged against the Japanese yen. KEEPING SCORE: Hong Kong's Hang Seng index lost 1.5 percent to 22,520.58 and South Korea's Kospi lost 0.8 percent to 1,986.11. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 added 0.7 percent to 17,456.35 after touching a half-year high in early trading as the yen fell against the dollar. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged up 0.2 percent to 5,340.00. Shares in Taiwan dropped 2.1 percent and in Indonesia they fell 2.8 percent. The Shanghai Composite was flat at 0.1 percent at 3,172.13. WALL STREET: The Dow Jones industrial average climbed 1.2 percent to a record high 18,807.88. The S&P 500 index added 0.2 percent to 2,167.48. The Dow and S&P 500 index are on a four-day winning streak. But the tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 0.8 percent to 5,208.80. TRUMP HOPES: Investors are hopeful about some of the possible policy changes under the Trump administration, taking over in January, including tax cuts, infrastructure spending and deregulation. An improved American economy is a certain boon to export-driven Asia. THE QUOTE: But some analysts urged caution on such optimism, while noting that U.S. markets' being closed later in the day for Veterans' Day may help ease some of the market swings. "Trump has not announced anything new so far, apart from reaffirming his priority to repeal and replace 'Obamacare' on top of implementing tax reforms," said Chang Wei Liang, Singapore Treasury Division at Mizuho Bank, referring to President Obama's health care program. BONDS: Investors have been pulling out of bonds in anticipation that Trump's policies could spur inflation and lead to higher interest rates, both of which are bad for bonds. The sell-off in bonds continued Thursday, sending bond prices lower and kicking the yield on the 10-year Treasury note up to 2.15 percent, the highest it's been since January, from 2.06 percent late Wednesday. That yield is a benchmark used to set interest rates on many kinds of loans including home mortgages. Higher yields on bonds would help draw investors from equity markets, pulling prices lower. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 28 cents to $44.38 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 23 cents to $45.61 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The U.S. currency rose to 106.67 yen from 105.33 yen late Thursday in Asia. The euro slid to $1.0886 from $1.0945. ___ AP Business Writer Alex Veiga contributed to this report. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama Article Comments (0) Tweet This article filed under: News Nation/World Associated Press Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Stocks mixed as investors seek clarity on Trump policies Stocks mixed as investors seek clarity on Trump policies Nov 10, 2016 Yuri Kageyama, The Associated Press   0 TOKYO – Global stocks were mixed on Friday and the dollar steadied, as investors sought greater clarity on the upcoming economic policies of President-elect Donald Trump. KEEPING SCORE: France’s CAC 40 fell 0.7 per cent to 4,498, while Germany’s DAX was up 0.1 per cent at 10,641. Britain’s FTSE 100 shed 1 per cent to 6,761. U.S. shares appeared headed for a weaker open a day after the Dow hit a record high following a four-day streak of gains. Dow futures were down 0.3 per cent while S&P 500 futures shed 0.6 per cent. TRUMP HOPES: Investors are hopeful about some of the policy changes that may come when the Trump administration takes office in January, including tax cuts, infrastructure spending and deregulation. An improved American economy is a certain boon to close trading partners in Europe and Asia. But some analysts urged caution, noting there was still little detail on what Trump wanted to do. THE QUOTE: “Trump has not announced anything new so far, apart from reaffirming his priority to repeal and replace ‘Obamacare’ on top of implementing tax reforms,” said Chang Wei Liang, Singapore Treasury Division at Mizuho Bank, referring to President Obama’s health care program. BONDS: Investors have been pulling out of bonds, expecting Trump’s policies might spur inflation, leading to higher interest rates, both of which are bad for bonds. Higher yields on bonds also would draw investors away from equity markets, pulling prices lower. ASIA’S DAY: Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index lost 1.4 per cent to 22,531.09 and South Korea’s Kospi fell 0.9 per cent to 1,984.43. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 added 0.2 per cent to finish at 17,374.79 after touching a half-year high in early trading as the yen fell against the dollar. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 edged up 0.8 per cent to 5,370.70. Shares in Taiwan dropped 2.1 per cent and in Indonesia they fell 3.6 per cent. The Shanghai Composite added 0.8 per cent at 3,196.04. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 61 cents to $44.05 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 53 cents to $45.31 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The U.S. currency rose to 106.28 yen from 105.33 yen late Thursday in Asia. The euro slid to $1.0877 from $1.0945. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Pro Analysis Research wrap: Wall Street rethinks Trump victory, bullish now Tae Kim | @firstadopter Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 4:28 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Michael Nagle | Bloomberg | Getty Images A pedestrian walks past a Wall Street subway station near the New York Stock Exchange. The same Wall Street that said "look out below" Wednesday after the Trump election win is re-thinking the new President-elect's ramifications and is now bullish. Here is the best research Thursday on how to trade Trump's victory. Click the link for the full story. 1. JPMorgan says Trump's win is 'pro-growth' for the market; buy infrastructure stocks JPMorgan told investors the market will rally into early next year due to optimism about the Republican economic agenda. "We interpret the U.S. election outcome with a Republican sweep as pro-growth for equities," strategist Dubravko Lakos-Bujas wrote in a note to clients Thursday. 2. Credit Suisse: 'Toned down' Trump to spark growth, lift bond yields; what to own Credit Suisse believes much of Donald Trump's rhetoric on nationalism is likely to fade away as he takes the Oval Office, which should result in continued economic growth and spark a rally in a group of stocks that align with his political agenda. 3. Goldman says ride the 'reflation' trade on Trump's victory by selling bonds, buying gold Goldman Sachs told investors to sell government bonds and buy gold as a hedge due to the prospect of future inflation from Donald Trump's economic agenda. 4. These are the best sectors to own during Republican sweeps, Bespoke says With Republicans set to take control of the Oval Office, Senate and House come January, Bespoke summarizes the sector performances in the three post WWII sessions of Congress where the Republican Party had full control in Washington. Tae KimInvesting Journalist SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. model portfolios halftime squawk box Pro Analysis Chanos says Valeant was biggest loser ever for hedge funds, topping Enron Chanos estimated the $1 trillion long-short hedge fund industry lost $40 billion being long Valeant. Breakingviews: Buffett’s love for moats trumps fear of flying The billionaire once quipped investors would've been better served if Orville Wright had been shot down at Kitty Hawk. Strategist Jim Paulsen: Here's what to own when yields are surging Strategist Jim Paulsen told clients to consider rotating out of "safe haven" assets as a way to play rising bond yields. Sell FedEx on Trump economic 'euphoria,' wait for a better entry: Top analyst Top-ranked analyst David Ross of Stifel downgrades FedEx to hold from buy, advising clients to take profits. More From Pro Analysis Trump overhang may weigh on FANG stocks through the end of the year, UBS says Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Tuesday morning Paul Meeks: Buy Amazon for the long term on the Trump revenge dip This stock should win if President Trump builds his wall, top analyst says Breakingviews: Facebook must face its own fake-news Twitter problem Trump rally to continue into year end, but then strong dollar becomes risk: Deutsche Bank Buy cyclical stocks on Trump's economic plan, Goldman Sachs says Citi upgraded a bunch of retail stocks on Trump, saying his tax cuts will boost spending Lockheed Martin upgraded by Stifel on optimism that Trump will rebuild military Here are the 10 most important stories for investors Monday morning Latest PRO Chanos says Valeant was biggest loser ever for hedge funds, topping Enron Chanos estimated the $1 trillion long-short hedge fund industry lost $40 billion being long Valeant. Breakingviews: Buffett’s love for moats trumps fear of flying The billionaire once quipped investors would've been better served if Orville Wright had been shot down at Kitty Hawk. PRO Uncut: GE CEO Jeff Immelt on Trump General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt spoke at length about what may lie ahead for the business community under Trump's presidency. Latest PRO Chanos says Valeant was biggest loser ever for hedge funds, topping Enron; Cost industry $40 billion Breakingviews: Warren Buffett’s love for moats trumps fear of flying By: Kevin Allison Full interview with GE CEO Immelt on Trump as chief 'negotiator,' state of globalization Top-rated fund manager on long-term investing: Be willing to hold a stock for 8 years Strategist Jim Paulsen: Here's what to own when yields are surging
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Buzz And Banter Cooper's Market Report Techstrat Report The Options Strategist Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville This Major Signal On JPMorgan Chase ($JPM) Screams "Short Me!" By Scutify Nov 09, 2016 2:34 pm PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. I am shorting JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) stock here at $73.50. The stock is surging into a major trend line of resistance connecting the highs from 2007 and 2015. Everytime this trend line has been hit, there has been a major stock market top and a major top on JPMorgan. This is a no brainer short or investors can also purchase puts at least 6 months out. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) shares are surging higher after interest rates surged higher following the election of President Donald Trump. Get alerted to my trades live, when I enter and exit... sign up to Verified Investing and follow me. Anytime I buy a stock/ETF, you will get an email. You can then opt-into the trade getting my exact entry price, target and stop. Joining Verified Investing is free, members only reward me (a Verified Trader) with a few Dollars IF they get big winning trade information. This article was written by Jenny Rebekka for on . This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   JPM Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 Groupon Inc: This Is What Everyone Is Missing on GRPN Stock 2 Top Trade Ideas for the Week November 14, 2016: Bonus Idea 3 IS EURO 1.05 AND USDJPY 110 NEXT? 4 GBPUSD: Eyes Further Downside Pressure On Corrective Weakness 5 Best apps for investors and traders See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2016 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
null


null
null
Music News Entertainment Politics Features Share < br />this article: Donald Trump reportedly considering JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon for treasury secretary In Politics by Jamie Peck / November 10, 2016 Share < br />this article: Follow @jamie_elizabeth On the campaign trail, Donald Trump occasionally took a page from the Bernie Sanders playbook by attacking Hillary Clinton for her ties to Wall Street. But he also promised to dismantle President Obama’s Wall Street reform law Dodd-Frank, making it hard to predict what he’d actually do. On Thursday news has come out that further undermines his pretensions to populism: Trump’s advisors are reportedly considering JP Morgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon for treasury secretary. According to CNBC, “two people familiar with the matter” say that “advisors have floated the idea of naming Jamie Dimon as treasury secretary,” although Dimon has said in the past that he would not be interested in the role. They hedged it by adding that the JPMorgan chief — who identifies as a Democrat — “has said he would not be interested in the role.” The actual frontrunner for the job is reportedly Trump campaign finance chief Steven Mnuchin, a former partner at Goldman Sachs. Real tough on bankers, him. Whether the job goes to Dimon, Mnuchin, or some other monstrous finance bro, it’s yet another sign Trump’s message of economic populism was illusory. Rather than planning to “take on the big banks,” Trump hopes his newfound status as POTUS will finally gain him entry into the elite financial circles that have scorned him as a huckster for his entire career. Unfortunately for him, that could be an uphill battle; Wall Street has been the Clintons’ domain for quite some time. My take: If President Trump (ew) ever does take on these fat cats, it will be because their desire to exclude him overcame the pull of their own material interests. “Revenge reform” might be an oxymoron, but I guess we should take it how we can get it. [CNBC | Photo: Getty] Tags: Donald Trump, Jamie Dimon, wall street 2 Recommended for you Keith Ellison condemns Trump appointment of white nationalist Steve Bannon Trump may have illegally paid white nationalist advisor during campaign Trump wants his kids to have top secret security clearance Rudy Giuliani frontrunner for secretary of state Anti-Trump protester tackled in the middle of a speech at Ohio State University Obama says Trump will honor NATO Comments Around the Web Most Popular Naturally, a 36-cd Bob Dylan box set drops the week of America’s political apocalypse Trump wants to keep holding big rallies Trump team held study group after election to learn what president can, can’t do Photo leaks of radio DJ allegedly sexually assaulting Taylor Swift Dave Chappelle: ‘We’ve actually elected an internet troll as our president’ sign up to get the latest deathandtaxes news Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up More on Death and Taxes Dean Ween: 'I don’t consider us as much of a jam band scene as a festival scene' Study: Musicians more likely to be anxious, depressed The DEA will soon have even more blood on its hands MOBILE SITE Death and Taxes is part of SpinMedia About Death and Taxes About SpinMedia Advertise Contact SpinMedia Privacy Policy Copyright SpinMedia | SPIN / VIBE / Celebuzz / The Superficial / The Frisky / Death and Taxes / Stereogum / Go Fug Yourself / Celebslam / Sounds Like Nashville

null
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Donald Trump's win looks like good news for Wall Street — and bank stocks are flying high Portia Crowe Nov. 10, 2016, 2:56 PM 3,257 facebook linkedin twitter email print Stuart C. Wilson / Stringer / Getty Images US bank stocks were climbing for a second straight day Thursday following president-elect Donald Trump's electoral win. Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, and Wells Fargo all ended the day in the green Thursday. Most were up by about 4%, while Wells Fargo closed up 7.4%. One major reason for the jump appears to be because Trump is expected to reduce regulation hampering bank profitability. His win could also lead to increased inflation pressures, indicating that the Federal Reserve could begin increasing its rate of interest rate hikes. Trading desks could also benefit from increased market volatility. There are, of course, some risks for the financial industry on the horizon, as KBW's Frederick Cannon and Brian Gardner highlighted in a recent note. Those include a US retrenchment from the global economy and trade agreements. Regional banks could perform better than the universal banks in the long-term because of the larger banks' international exposure. Citigroup, Bank of America, and JPMorgan, for example, have larger international lending portfolios and could be hurt by isolationism, the analysts wrote. Citigroup in particular is at risk from its large exposure to Mexico and other emerging markets, wrote KBW's Brian Kleinhanzl, noting that Citi generates 40% of its revenue from emerging markets. But, as the analysts point out, the near-term benefits appear clearer and more immediate than the risks. Reduced regulation? On the regulatory front, the market appears to be pricing in the fact that Trump's administration will introduce laxer rules. Trump has said he would "dismantle" the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act, for example, and "massively" cut back on other regulation. He has also said that he disagrees with breaking up the big banks, according to Barclays' Jason Goldberg. This would be good news for banks. That said, neither KBW's nor Barclay's analysts believe the Dodd-Frank Act will ultimately be repealed. Barclays' Goldberg also does not believe that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau will be dismantled, as has also been suggested. The analysts over at Fitch wrote in a note Thursday that the elimination of the CFPB, if it were to happen, would be "unlikely to have a material impact for banks in the aggregate," noting that there has been little talk of repealing the Volcker Rule, specifically. Economic growth? For Goldberg, the main reason Trump's win could be a boon for the banks is if he has a positive impact on GDP growth. "While it's unclear the ultimate impact the new administration will have on GDP growth, it bears watching closely," Goldberg wrote. "Factors that could influence growth either way include increased infrastructure spending, reduced taxes, a potentially larger federal deficit, possibly higher interest rates/inflation and reduced global trade." And from Fitch: "Generally, US financial institutions' performance tends to be correlated with the overall US macroeconomic environment, particularly as it relates to economic growth. Judging by the campaign, the new administration's economic policy is likely to revolve around tax cuts, renegotiating trade agreements, de-regulation and higher infrastructure spending." Of course, there's a big "if" here. As Fitch's analysts wrote, "it remains to be seen the degree to which Trump will implement or be able to carry out his policy initiatives and the long-term effect policy changes will have on growth." SEE ALSO: The price of everything in America may be about to go up NOW WATCH: Twitter will lay off more than 300 employees to cut costs Loading video... More: Wall Street Investment Banks Election 2016 facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Donald Trump's win looks like good news for Wall Street — and bank stocks are flying high Donald Trump's win looks like good news for Wall Street — and bank stocks are flying high US bank stocks were climbing for a second... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
null

WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar 7 Day Forecast Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Politics News Videos Election results MLK in Memphis Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 FOX13 Family Back to School 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Violence in Memphis Jessica Chambers Missing Children 7250151 Sports Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More BREAKING NEWS One dead in shooting in Southeast Memphis 1/1 Read the email Apple's Tim Cook wrote to his employees about the election by: Debbie Lord, Cox Media Group National Content Desk Updated: Nov 10, 2016 - 9:58 AM Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016, in Cupertino, Calif. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Twtter The day after Donald Trump won the 2016 presidential election, Apple CEO Tim Cook sent an email to the 76,000 Apple employees in the United States, urging them to “move forward together” after an often contentious election.   He, along with other American CEOs, made the move to talk to employees either before or after Tuesday’s election.   Here’s Cook’s email, which was published by Buzzfeed:   “Team,   I’ve heard from many of you today about the presidential election. In a political contest where the candidates were so different and each received a similar number of popular votes, it’s inevitable that the aftermath leaves many of you with strong feelings.   We have a very diverse team of employees, including supporters of each of the candidates. Regardless of which candidate each of us supported as individuals, the only way to move forward is to move forward together. I recall something Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. said 50 years ago: “If you can’t fly, then run. If you can’t run, then walk. If you can’t walk, then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” This advice is timeless, and a reminder that we only do great work and improve the world by moving forward.   While there is discussion today about uncertainties ahead, you can be confident that Apple’s North Star hasn’t changed. Our products connect people everywhere, and they provide the tools for our customers to do great things to improve their lives and the world at large. Our company is open to all, and we celebrate the diversity of our team here in the United States and around the world — regardless of what they look like, where they come from, how they worship or who they love.   I’ve always looked at Apple as one big family and I encourage you to reach out to your co-workers if they are feeling anxious.   Let’s move forward — together!   Best, Tim”   Jamie Dimon, the CEO of J.P. Morgan Chase, sent this email to his employees, according to Reuters:    “Dear colleagues,   We are going through a period of profound political and economic change around the world, and American citizens showed that deep desire for change in voting to elect Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States. We have heard through democratic processes in both Europe and the United States the frustration that so many people have with the lack of economic opportunity and the challenges they face. We need to listen to those voices.   We have just been through one of the most contentious elections in memory, which can make it even harder to put our differences aside. But that makes it more important than ever to bind the wounds of our nation and to bring together Americans from all walks of life. Recognizing that our diversity is a core strength of our nation, we must all come together as fellow patriots to solve our most serious challenges.   Leaders from across the public, private and nonprofit sectors need to collaborate to find meaningful solutions that create economic growth and greater opportunity for all.   America is best when we come together with clear leadership, expertise and the political will to take on difficult challenges and get things done. No one should ever doubt the strength and resilience of our country and our democracy.   J.P. Morgan Chase has a proud history of supporting our communities and our countries. Through your outstanding efforts, we have built a great company that will continue to thrive – as we continue to focus on helping to serve our clients and communities. We will also continue to help address the important public policy issues of the day and the underlying economic challenges throughout the world.   I’m optimistic about America’s future and the role our company will continue to play as we help the nation address our challenges and move forward together. Jamie”   Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz sent his employees an email prior to the election.     “Dear partners,   It's a rainy Sunday morning in Seattle, we've turned the clocks back an hour, and I'm enjoying a French Press of my favorite coffee, Aged Sumatra. I woke up this morning feeling a bit anxious about Tuesday's election. Regardless of the outcome, our nation will feel divided. Many Americans have allowed the vitriolic nature of the presidential campaign to ignite our differences and strip away our civility and dignity. In the process, we've lost faith in what we all know has always been true, the promise of America.   But you are the true promise of America.   My faith in you has me more optimistic than ever. Today, I'm not talking about our business or the Starbucks brand. I'm talking about you as a person. As a mother, a father, a daughter, a son, a sister, a brother, a neighbor, a citizen. I also am talking about we as people. We as Americans. And, I am talking about the people who have come before us, those who sacrificed so much to give us a better life than the lives they had. Each of us has a great responsibility to those who preceded us, as well as to "pay it forward" for the next generation. So what can we do? What will we do?   In the face of this epic, unseemly election and the concern we all share about the direction of our country and the lack of truth and void of leadership, we can still make a difference in the lives of the people we touch and influence every day. Kindness, compassion, empathy, and yes love is what we need. It is what we must display and share. We are all longing for a deeper sense of human connection and humanity because, when we are touched by it, it fills us up.   Start today by recognizing the power we have to walk in someone else's shoes, to demonstrate understanding, and to strip away the differences that divide us. Let's each embrace the universal virtues of respect and dignity, refusing to allow the hatred on cable news, the ugliness of our politics, and the lack of political role models for our kids to define us and to dictate how we treat each other. Rise above this moment to be the person that makes a positive difference in your neighborhood and community. Be the person who makes your family proud. Be the person who embodies the promise of America so others may see and feel the possibilities that come with being an American—today, tomorrow, and long after this Tuesday.   Like the drawing of so many faces with a single, unbroken line on this season's green unity cup, we are all connected.   On this Sunday, wherever you are, whatever you are doing, know that I send you my love and respect.   Proud, as always, to be your partner,   Howard” © 2016 Cox Media Group. Twtter Read the email Apple's Tim Cook wrote to his employees about the election Colin Kaepernick didn't register to vote, report says Ballerina skirt wearing football team brings down the house at high… Canadians invite California, Oregon, Washington to secede from US 1 person shot, killed at Oklahoma airport, police say News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Memphis Coupons About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 EEOC Statement FOX13 Public File © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
News & Features Latest News▶ Opinion▶ Features▶ Galleries▶ Topics▶ Investments Alternative Investments Bonds / Fixed Income International Investing REITs Socially Conscious Investing Insurance Annuities Health Care Life Insurance Variable Annuities Broker-dealers Independent Broker-dealers Regional Brokerages Wirehouses Retirement 401(k) Defined Benefit Plans Defined Contribution Plans IRAs Social Security Your Practice Client Prospecting Client Servicing Staffing / Personnel Succession Planning Video INTV Ron Carson: Why were on the eve of massive disruption in financial services ETF Exchange What does the future hold for ETFs? Events With paradigm shift in industry, who can survive and win? Practice Makeover Episode 4: Is your marketing addressing what makes you unique? Smarter in 60 Seconds Factor Investing: Build Your Portfolio with Precision and Purpose Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus The DOL rule from all angles. Fiduciary Focus is your one-stop resource for learning how the DOL's fiduciary rule is changing the advice business. Advisers on the Move Track the latest teams of advisers and brokers changing firms and view recruiting activity at wirehouses, regional brokerages, RIAs and IBDs. B-D Data Center Find out which firms offer the highest payouts, have the most reps in the field and generate the most revenue - or create your own custom rankings. The Adviser Center Before you change firms, make a new hire or explore an acquisition, visit the new InvestmentNews Adviser Center. More CE Quiz Center Data Library RIA Data Center Tech Connect White Paper Library Research Adviser Research Dashboard This interactive, customizable tool allows you to view detailed data on compensation, staffing and financial performance practices from across the industry. Adviser Technology A comprehensive study highlighting the best technology practices of both your peers and top-performing advisory firms. Financial Performance Benchmark your business against the industry's best practices with the 2016 InvestmentNews Financial Performance Study of Advisory Firms. Data Store Visit the InvestmentNews Data Store to purchase adviser tools, studies and data spreadsheets. More Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events Women Adviser Summit November 10 | The Women Adviser Summit is uniquely designed for the sophisticated female adviser who wants to take her personal and professional self to the next level. Best Practices Oct 18, 2016 | NYC. The 4th annual Best Practices Awards and Workshop will take a deep dive into the 2016 Financial Performance Study of Advisory Firm results and identify the most elite firms of the industry. Alternative Investments Nov. 15-16, 2016 | Miami. It's time to look beyond the traditional. Attend the 6th annual Alternative Investments Conference and get the education you need on the latest alternative products and strategies. Retirement Income Summit April 24-25, 2017 | Chicago. At the 11th annual Summit, learn the latest strategies to create a sustainable retirement for your clients. More Webcasts Community Leadership Subscribe Author: - All - Jeff Benjamin Mary Beth Franklin Greg Iacurci Christine Idzelis Bruce Kelly Mark Schoeff Jr. Liz Skinner John Waggoner  Sections News & Features Latest News Opinion Features Galleries Topics Video INTV ETF Exchange Events Practice Makeover Wealthtrack Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus Advisers on the Move B-D Data Center The Adviser Center CE Quiz Center Data Library RIA Data Center Tech Connect Research & Studies Adviser Research Dashboard Adviser Technology Financial Performance Data Store Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events All Events Women Adviser Summit Best Practices Alternative Investments Retirement Income Summit Webcasts Community Leadership More Fiduciary Coverage » JPMorgan Chase will stop charging commissions on IRAs due to DOL fiduciary rule Clients may choose fee-based or self-directed retirement accounts Nov 10, 2016 @ 11:34 am By Christine Idzelis + Zoom JPMorgan Chase & Co. will stop charging clients commissions on individual retirement accounts to comply with new Labor Department rules scheduled to take effect next year. The bank yesterday began mailing letters to clients about the change being made to its retirement-account offering, posting the communication online this morning, according to a spokesman. JPMorgan is pushing ahead with the decision after the surprise results of the U.S. presidential election cast the Labor Department's new fiduciary rule into limbo. The wealth-management industry has spent months analyzing the Labor Department's 1,023-page fiduciary rule, which requires financial advisers to put their clients' interests ahead of their own when making recommendations for their retirement accounts. While some see potential for the regulation to be thrown out under a Donald Trump administration, for now at least, it's still on the books. "Our communications plans and client outreach efforts were planned months ago and we are operating under the current state of the rule," the spokesman said. Firms' compliance strategies largely have centered on whether or not to keep charging commissions for each transaction made within IRAs. The fiduciary rule seeks to prevent conflicts of interest where an adviser may make an investment recommendation that charges a higher commission for personal gain, eroding the client's savings. JPMorgan's clients may choose retirement accounts that are professionally managed under a fee-based arrangement, or a self-directed option that allows them to manage their own investment strategy, according to the communication posted online. Last month, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Commonwealth Financial Network announced they were banning commission-based retirement accounts because of the DOL fiduciary rule. Other brokerage firms, including Morgan Stanley, have said they will continue to offer commission-based IRAs, using the regulation's best-interest contract exemption. Firms must begin implementing the new regulation in April and become fully compliant by January 2018. “Overall, these regulations were designed to help protect investors by ensuring that financial institutions act in their clients' best interests,” JPMorgan told its clients. 0 Comments What do you think? Latest from InvestmentNews Broker-dealers▶ Investments▶ Insurance▶ Regulation▶ Retirement▶ Technology▶ Your Practice▶ More Topics Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Reads Edward Jones hit with second lawsuit over excessive 401(k) fees Finra fines Lincoln Financial broker-dealer $650,000 for failing to protect client data Advisers should embrace goals-based investing, says Tangent Capital's Bob Rice Nasdaq promotes Adena Friedman to CEO as Trump signals regulatory rollbacks SEC's Mary Jo White to step down when President Obama leaves office Sponsored Financial News RIA Data Center Use InvestmentNews' RIA Data Center to filter and find key information on over 1,400 fee-only registered investment advisory firms. Rank RIAs by Total AUM Avg. Account AUM Discretionary AUM Non-Discretionary AUM X Subscribe and SAVE over 72% View our best offer Subscribe to Print Newsletter Sign-up Register Now in Print This week's issue To download the full contents of this week's issue, click here. Past Issues November 7, 2016 October 31, 2016 October 24, 2016 Subscribe to Print Get Daily News & Intel The pulse of the financial advisory industry. Breaking news and in-depth coverage of essential topics delivered straight to your inbox. view all newsletters Connect with Us Register to access our archive of leading investment information and data Follow @newsfromIN Follow @eventsfromIN Follow @statsfromIN Follow InvestmentNews Financial Adviser Group Retirement Income Summit Group Alternative Investments Conference 40 Under 40 Like us on Facebook Like our fan page to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. Latest News & Opinion Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. About Contact Staff Help Center Editorial Calendar Media Kit Reprints Content Strategy Studio Copyright © 2016 Crain Communications Inc. Use of editorial content without permission is strictly prohibited. Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions are applicable to you. All rights reserved.

Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Now That Trump Has Won, Would Jamie Dimon Leave JPMorgan To Join Trump Administration? Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} November 10, 2016 1:17pm   Comments Share: Related JPM Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade Amazon, JPMorgan, Time Warner, Royal Caribbean: Fast Money Picks For November 15 JPMorgan Chase (JPM) Presents at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Banking & Financial Services Brokers Conference (Transcript) (Seeking Alpha) According to a CNBC report, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon could be cleaning out his Manhattan office for a new office in Washington D.C. CNBC's sources have said President-elect Donald Trump and his team are eyeing Dimon to serve as treasury secretary, even though the executive said back in September he has no interest in accepting the job. "I think this would probably be a sigh of relief for Wall Street to know that Dimon was under consideration or that he was on a list because it's a more mainstream candidate coming from a president-elect who of course has embraced less traditional types of ideas for both his own staff and a potential cabinet," CNBC's Kate Kelly said. Other candidates the Trump campaign is believed to be targeting for treasury secretary include Steven Mnuchin who served as Trump's national finance chairman. What About Other Positions? According to Politico, the Trump campaign is also considering former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton for the role of secretary of state. Senator Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), former National Security Advisor Stephen Hadley and former Sen. Jim Talent are being considered for the role of secretary of defense. Former mayor of New York City Ruddy Giuliani and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie are in contention for the role as attorney general. Oil executive Forrest Lucas is a top contender for interior secretary. Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross and the former CEO of Nucor Corp Dan DiMicco along with former Texas Gov. Rick Perry and former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee are being considered for commerce secretary. Image Credit: By Steve Jurvetson (Flickr: Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase) [CC BY 2.0], via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: Donald Trump Jamie Dimon Steven Mnuchin Treasury SecretaryRumors Politics Media General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (JPM) Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade Amazon, JPMorgan, Time Warner, Royal Caribbean: Fast Money Picks For November 15 The Republican Sweep Changes Everything For Morgan Stanley's Large-Cap Bank Thesis Barron's Picks And Pans: Trump Stocks, Thermo Fisher, Discover And More Benzinga's Top Downgrades Where Are Wells Fargo Defectors Putting Their Money? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on JPM Trending Recent 1 BDC, CETV: 18 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 SAEX, HMNY: DryShips Squeeze Continues, Other Stocks Could Be Following Suit 3 GDX, GLD: Where Is Gold Headed When Interest Rates Start Rising? 4 DRYS: Several Things To Consider Amid DryShips' Ma... 5 QUOT, FB: From A(mazon) To Z(ynga): Loop Capital Br... 6 ESEA, TSRO: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday... 7 SPY, GLBS: Iceberg Ahead? The Mas... 1 XLF, JPM: Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade 2 EUFS, EURL: An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs 3 HOG: Even Harley-Davidson Is Benefiting From A Trump Presidency 4 ALXN: Alexion's Valuation Could Be Getting Pummeled Unne... 5 TLT: Todd Gordon's 20-Year Treasury Bond Trade 6 TDG: What The Market Is Overlooking In The TransDigm Story 7 BRK-A, BRK-B: Warren Buffett Goes Up Against Delta... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products U.S. Dollar Index Trading Higher Ahead of Data USD/JPY Trading Higher Ahead of Data
null
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks Continue To Turn In A Mixed Performance - U.S. Commentary 11/10/2016 12:05 PM ET With traders continuing to digest President-elect Donald Trump's surprise victory, stocks are turning in a mixed performance in mid-day trading on Thursday. While the Dow remains positive after reaching a new record intraday high in early trading, the tech-heavy Nasdaq has pulled back firmly into negative territory. Currently, the Dow is up 138.47 points or 0.7 percent at 18,728.16, while the Nasdaq is down 70.71 points or 1.4 percent at 5,180.37 and the S&P 500 is down 3.41 points or 0.2 percent at 2,159.85. The gain by the Dow is partly due to a significant advance by shares of drug giant Pfizer (PFE), which have jumped 4.4 percent. Pfizer has benefited from a report from Reuters indicating the company is evaluating a potential sale or spin-off of its consumer health division that could value the unit at as much as $14 billion. Strong gains by IBM (IBM), General Electric (GE), and JPMorgan (JPM) have also contributed to the continued upward move by the Dow. The advance by JPMorgan (JPM) is indicative of strength throughout the financial sector amid optimism about reduced regulation under Trump. Reflecting the strength in the financial sector, the Dow Jones Banks Index is up by 3.4 percent and the NYSE Arca Broker/Dealer Index is up by 3 percent. Steel, transportation, oil service, and biotechnology stocks are also adding to recent gains amid optimism they will benefit in the new Trump administration. Meanwhile, Microsoft (MSFT) and Apple (AAPL) are posting steep losses on the day, weighing on the tech-heavy Nasdaq. Gold stocks have also come under pressure, dragging the NYSE Arca Gold Bugs Index down by 5.5 percent. The weakness in the sector comes as the price of gold for December delivery is sliding $10.70 to $1,262.80 an ounce. Significant weakness is also visible among utilities stocks, which have fallen sharply along with treasuries following Trump's upset victory. Semiconductor, internet, and software stocks have also shown notable declines, reflecting overall weakness in the tech sector. On the U.S. economic front, the Labor Department released a report before the start of trading showing a bigger than expected drop in initial jobless claims in the week ended November 5th. The report said initial jobless claims fell to 254,000, a decrease of 11,000 from the previous week's unrevised level of 265,000. Economists had expected jobless claims to edge down to 263,000. In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region saw substantial strength during trading on Thursday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index soared by 6.7 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index jumped by 1.9 percent. Meanwhile, the major European markets moved to the downside over the course of the session. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index slumped by 1.2 percent, the French CAC 40 Index and the German DAX Index dipped by 0.3 percent and 0.2 percent, respectively. In the bond market, treasuries have climbed off their worst levels but continue to see modest weakness. As a result, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, is up by 1 basis point at 2.082 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Top Stories UPS Strike Could Put Wrench In Holiday Shipping Find McRib With Your Phone Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Obama's Job Approval Rating Jumps To Four-Year High Americans Optimistic Trump Will Improve The Economy Tech CEO Threatens To Shoot President-Elect Trump Giuliani Reportedly New Favorite To Be Secretary Of State Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Nasdaq And S&P 500 Move Higher But Dow Gives Back Ground - U.S. Commentary Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances U.S. Business Inventories Rises Less Than Expected In September AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel Putin Calls Trump, Agrees To Work To Mend "extremely Unsatisfactory" Ties <<Previous        57 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Authors Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Puzzles Newsletters Magazine Shop World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Puzzles Newsletters Magazine Authors Shop Menu Subscribe Give a gift Digital subscription Try the Week Magazine Trump is reportedly considering JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon for Treasury secretary November 10, 2016 Harry Reid to Trump: Rescind Steve Bannon's appointment and 'rise to the dignity of the office' 7:51 p.m. John McCain cautions Trump against cozying up to Putin 6:45 p.m. In defiant post-election statement, Black Lives Matter urges supporters to 'continue to fight' 5:25 p.m. George W. Bush expresses support for NAFTA, says 'anger shouldn't drive policy' 4:07 p.m. Oxford Dictionaries has chosen the word that best describes 2016 3:35 p.m. George Takei urges Trump voters not to see the election 'as a license to hate' 3:22 p.m. Over half of the anti-Trump protesters arrested in Portland didn't even vote 2:37 p.m. See More Speed Reads FOLLOW THE WEEK ON FACEBOOK This just in Edit Trump is reportedly considering JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon for Treasury secretary November 10, 2016   Mark Wilson/Getty Images Donald Trump is reportedly eyeing JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon to serve as his Treasury secretary, CNBC News reported Thursday, citing two people "familiar with the matter." However, it would seem Trump's interest in Dimon fails to take into account the fact that Dimon has no interest in the role: One of the two sources told CNBC that Dimon "said he would not be interested," and Dimon himself has "suggested repeatedly" that he "would not be interested in becoming Treasury secretary." It's not yet apparent who else might be up for the job of Treasury secretary, though former Goldman Sachs official Steven Mnuchin is reportedly a top contender. CNBC was unable to immediately reach a Trump spokesperson for comment. Becca Stanek   Trump is reportedly considering JPMorgan Chase chief Jamie Dimon for Treasury secretary November 10, 2016 Quotables Edit Harry Reid to Trump: Rescind Steve Bannon's appointment and 'rise to the dignity of the office' 7:51 p.m. ET   Ethan Miller/Getty Images In his first Senate floor speech since Election Day, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) said Tuesday that in order to prove he does want to bring the country together, Donald Trump must rescind his appointment of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist and senior adviser. Bannon is the former head of right-wing Breitbart News, and his appointment energized people like former KKK leader David Duke. Bannon is a "champion of white supremacists," Reid said, and by naming him as a top aide, Trump is not sending a "message of healing." He urged Trump to "take responsibility" and "rise to the dignity of the office — president of the United States — instead of hiding behind your Twitter account. Show America that racism, bullying and bigotry have no place in the White House or in America." Reid also said Trump's election has "sparked a wave of hate crimes across the nation," and his fellow senators have a "responsibility to prevent Trump's bullying, aggressive behavior from becoming normalized in the eyes of Americans — especially the millions of young people who are watching and wondering, for example, if sexual assault is now a laughing matter. We have a responsibility to say that it is not normal for the KKK — the Ku Klux Klan — to celebrate the election of a president they view as their champion with a victory parade." Read his entire speech here. Catherine Garcia   Harry Reid to Trump: Rescind Steve Bannon's appointment and 'rise to the dignity of the office' 7:51 p.m. just say nyet Edit John McCain cautions Trump against cozying up to Putin 6:45 p.m. ET   Win McNamee/Getty Images Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) is sounding an alarm over the blossoming relationship between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump. "With the U.S. presidential transition underway, Vladimir Putin has said in recent days that he wants to improve relations with the United States," McCain said Tuesday in a statement. "We should place as much faith in such statements as any other made by a former KGB agent who has plunged his country into tyranny, murdered his political opponents, invaded his neighbors, threatened America's allies, and attempted to undermine America's elections." The Kremlin and Trump's office both said the pair have spoken on the phone, and aides are planning a face-to-face meeting. Throughout his campaign, Trump praised Putin, who supports Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and authorized Russia to launch a major military offensive in Syria on Tuesday, NBC News reports. "The Obama Administration's last attempt at resetting relations with Russia culminated in Putin's invasion of Ukraine and military intervention in the Middle East," McCain said. "At the very least, the price of another 'reset' would be complicity in Putin and Assad's butchery of the Syrian people." Catherine Garcia   John McCain cautions Trump against cozying up to Putin 6:45 p.m. black lives matter Edit In defiant post-election statement, Black Lives Matter urges supporters to 'continue to fight' 5:25 p.m. ET   EDUARDO MUNOZ ALVAREZ/AFP/Getty Images The Black Lives Matter Global Network issued a statement Tuesday exclusively to Mic, addressing the group's concerns now that Donald Trump is the U.S. president-elect. "Our mandate has not changed: organize and end all state-sanctioned violence until all Black Lives Matter," the statement reads. The group then encourages its supporters to continue using civic engagement to fight the notion of white supremacy in America: "We must reckon with the anti-blackness of America's history that led to this political moment. We continue to operate from a place of love for our people and a deep yearning for real freedom. In our work, we center the most marginalized, and look to them for leadership. We fight for our collective liberation because we are clear that until black people are free, no one is free. We are committed to practicing empathy for one another in this struggle — but we do not and will not negotiate with racists, fascists, or anyone who demands we compromise our existence. [...] It is our duty to win, we will continue to fight. And today, like every day before it, we demand reparations, economic justice, a commitment to black futures and an end to the war on black people, in the United States and around the world." [Black Lives Matter Global Network, via Mic] The group also describes Trump's Election Day victory as what happens when "white people become resentful" of black people and women gaining power. "Last week," the group writes, "that resentment manifested itself in the election of a white supremacist to the highest office in American government." Read the full statement at Mic. Ricky Soberano   In defiant post-election statement, Black Lives Matter urges supporters to 'continue to fight' 5:25 p.m. just saying Edit George W. Bush expresses support for NAFTA, says 'anger shouldn't drive policy' 4:07 p.m. ET   Spencer Platt/Getty Images Former President George W. Bush offered President-elect Donald Trump a thinly veiled word of advice Tuesday, during a speech in Dallas to the pro-trade group North American Strategy for Competitiveness. "I understand anger. But anger shouldn't drive policy," Bush said, in his first public remarks since Trump was elected president last week. "What needs to drive policy is what's best for the people who are angry and how does that benefit people in our country and the countries in the neighborhood." Bush reportedly voted for neither Trump nor Hillary Clinton, opting instead to only vote for down-ballot Republicans. In his speech Tuesday, Bush specifically expressed his support for the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), a trade agreement between Canada, Mexico, and the U.S. that Trump has vowed to renegotiate or end. While Bush was careful not to name any names — he noted he did not think it was "helpful for a former president to criticize successors" — he said that any president should "recognize that trade encourages growth and fair trade is important for the workers of our respective countries." Contrary to Trump's assessment of NAFTA as the "worst trade deal in history," Bush noted the trade deal has "created millions of jobs and helped bolster economies in both the U.S. and Mexico," The Wall Street Journal reported. "Are we going to be a dynamic economy or a stagnant economy?" Bush asked. "A lot of it centers on helping people understand the realities of the world in a positive way." Becca Stanek   George W. Bush expresses support for NAFTA, says 'anger shouldn't drive policy' 4:07 p.m. 2016 in a nutshell Edit Oxford Dictionaries has chosen the word that best describes 2016 3:35 p.m. ET   The Oxford Dictionaries dubbed "post-truth" its international word of the year, The Guardian reports: Defined by the dictionary as an adjective "relating to or denoting circumstances in which objective facts are less influential in shaping public opinion than appeals to emotion and personal belief," editors said that use of the term "post-truth" had increased by around 2,000 percent in 2016 compared to last year. The spike in usage, it said, is "in the context of the EU referendum in the United Kingdom and the presidential election in the United States." [The Guardian] While occasionally the U.S. and U.K. versions of the Oxford Dictionary choose different words of the year, "post-truth" was claimed by both dictionaries for 2016 as "reflect[ing] the passing year in language." The 2015 word of the year was the "face with tears of joy" emoji. Despite the Orwellian ring, "post-truth" is a relatively new word that Oxford claims was first used in The Nation in 1992 by the Serbian-American playwright Steve Tesich: "We, as a free people, have freely decided that we want to live in some post-truth world," he wrote on the topic of the Iran-Contra scandal and Persian Gulf war. "Adulting," "alt-right," "Brexiteer," "chatbot," and "woke" were among the other words on the 2016 shortlist. Jeva Lange   Oxford Dictionaries has chosen the word that best describes 2016 3:35 p.m. Trump's America Edit George Takei urges Trump voters not to see the election 'as a license to hate' 3:22 p.m. ET   Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images) George Takei, the actor turned social activist best known for his role on the hit show Star Trek: The Original Series, wrote Tuesday in The Daily Beast about the importance of not succumbing to fear in the wake of Donald Trump's presidential victory. Takei wrote of the Japanese principle of "gaman," which means "to endure, with dignity and fortitude," as he likened his personal experience in Japanese internment camps in the 1940s to the fear some Americans may feel in the face of the coming Trump administration. "We had legitimate fear of angry mobs," Takei wrote, "but amidst all the unfounded hate and suspicion of us, there were also many good Americans who came to our aid." Takei refers to the people who tended to the homes of their neighbors who had been interned and mentions the "lawyers who filed suits on our behalf and saved tens of thousands of us, including my own mother, from being deported," listing off various ordinary people who went beyond their duties to help their peers in need. Takei then urges Americans who supported Trump to understand that the fear felt by those who opposed him originates from a place of hope and patriotism, and encourages Trump supporters to take the opportunity they have to "blunt the harshest elements of [Trump's] candidacy and now soon his presidency": The business of governing is a serious one, and if they wish to see their candidate succeed, they can and should decry neo-Nazis, white supremacists, and other terror groups who hope to capitalize on fear and division and are a real impediment to their candidate's legitimacy. [George Takei, via The Daily Beast] Trump supporters must "stand up to any who would take their candidate's election as a license to hate," Takei urges. Read the full essay at The Daily Beast. Ricky Soberano   George Takei urges Trump voters not to see the election 'as a license to hate' 3:22 p.m. Awkward Edit Over half of the anti-Trump protesters arrested in Portland didn't even vote 2:37 p.m. ET   Over half of the anti-Donald Trump protesters arrested at recent demonstrations in Portland, Oregon, did not vote in the election, KGW reports. Of 112 people arrested by the Portland Police Bureau during the protests, at least 70 either did not turn in a ballot or were not registered to vote. KGW arrived at its findings by comparing names of arrested individuals provided by the police with state voter logs held by Multnomah County Elections officials. The head-scratching phenomenon is not isolated to Oregon, either. Ben Becker, an organizer with the New York-based antiwar and antiracism group Answer Coalition, told The New York Times that many of the local protest leaders in the state had supported Bernie Sanders in the primary and chose not to vote in the general election, or picked a third-party candidate. Jeva Lange   Over half of the anti-Trump protesters arrested in Portland didn't even vote 2:37 p.m. See More Speed Reads More about The Week Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Get 4 Risk-Free issues of The Week TRY IT OUT Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Ad info
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump team considering JPMorgan's Dimon for Treasury - CNBC By Reuters Published: 12:09 EST, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 12:09 EST, 10 November 2016 e-mail Nov 10 (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump's advisers are considering JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Jamie Dimon for the post of Treasury Secretary, CNBC reported on Thursday, citing two people familiar with the matter. One of the people said Dimon was not interested in the role, according to the report. (http://cnb.cx/2fUNeEo) The bank was not immediately available for comment. (Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Politics Politics Elections Presidential Debates 2016 White House Congress Law Taxes Donald Trump advisors consider Jamie Dimon for treasury secretary: Sources Kate Kelly | @katekellycnbc Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 11:44 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>What happens if Jamie Dimon becomes Treasury Secretary?</p> <p>CNBC&#039;s Steve Liesman and Kate Kelly discuss reports that the Trump campaign is considering appointing JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon as Treasury Secretary.</p> What happens if Jamie Dimon becomes Treasury Secretary?    Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 11:48 AM ET | 04:00 In the wake of Donald Trump's upset victory, advisors have floated the idea of naming Jamie Dimon as treasury secretary, according to two people familiar with the matter, but one of them added that the JPMorgan chief has said he would not be interested in the role. A Trump spokesperson could not immediately be reached for comment, and a spokesman for Dimon declined to elaborate beyond his past remarks that he would not be interested. It was unclear who within Trump's circle of advisors raised the idea or who else might be under consideration for treasury secretary. Trump campaign finance chief Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs official, is reportedly considered to be the front runner. Dimon has suggested repeatedly, including in an interview at the Economic Club of Washington in September, that he would not be interested in becoming treasury secretary. Kate KellyCNBC Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video MOVES-JP Morgan's FIG bond banker Zenere moves to ECM Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Thu Nov 10, 2016 | 11:41am EST MOVES-JP Morgan's FIG bond banker Zenere moves to ECM By Alice Gledhill and Helene Durand LONDON, Nov 10 (IFR) - Alaoui Zenere, a vice president on JP Morgan's financial institutions bond syndicate, has relocated to New York to work on the bank's North America equity capital markets desk, according to sources familiar with the matter. Zenere joined JP Morgan's London financials syndicate bond desk in October 2014 having transferred from the US where she had been an associate in the US debt capital markets team. In her new job, Zenere will report to Frank Bruni who is responsible for ECM origination for clients in the financial sector. A JP Morgan spokeswoman confirmed the move. (Reporting by Helene Durand, editing by Alex Chambers; editing by Alex Chambers) Next In Bonds News Argentina central bank surprises market with second straight rate cut Nov 15 Argentina's central bank on Tuesday cut its benchmark interest rate for the second time in two weeks in a surprise move amid market expectations it would hold steady after a high inflation reading and U.S. elections last week. BRIEF-Simon Property Group sells $1.85 bln of multi-tranche senior notes * Simon property - unit to sell $550 million of 2.35% senior notes due January 30, 2022, $750 million of 3.25% senior notes due November 30, 2026 BRIEF-Genco Shipping & Trading entered amending, restating agreement on Nov. 15 * Genco shipping & trading- restated $98 million facility provided for amendments that address co's covenant compliance and liquidity issues-sec filing MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
null
null
null
null
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The price of everything in America may be about to go up Bob Bryan Nov. 10, 2016, 9:54 AM 44,059 facebook linkedin twitter email print President-elect Donald Trump. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Wall Street analysts are trying to figure out just what the economy will look like under a President Donald Trump. And though many questions are still unanswered, they are nearly unanimous on one thing: Trump's policies will most likely bring about a significant uptick in inflation. In other words, the prices of everything in America may be about to increase because of heavy spending by the government on infrastructure, for example, and restrictions on trade and immigration. It was one of the dominant trades on Wall Street after Trump's surprise victory. Specifically, there was a "broad-based rise in inflation swaps" on Wednesday, according to Bruce Kasman, head of economic research at JPMorgan. A macro salesman put it more simply when asked what he was seeing early Wednesday: a "massive bid for inflation." "Donald Trump's platform has an inflationary bias: His fiscal policy is likely to be expansionary, and he leans toward protectionism, which is inflationary due to the effects of tariffs and curtailed immigration," Mark Haefele, the chief investment officer at UBS, wrote in a note to clients. Let's break that down in to its two constituent parts: increased government spending and trade barriers. Fiscal stimulus In the lead-up to the election, Trump's campaign laid out a plan for $1 trillion in public and private investment in infrastructure that would generate revenue through things such as toll roads and airports. According to analysts, the combination of a tight labor market and increased money supply in the economy would put pressure on prices. The US is already operating at near full employment, and Trump's commitment to tighten the borders and deport immigrants could potentially reduce the labor force further. "US fiscal stimulus (which is not currently built into our US or global outlook) would boost global demand," Kasman wrote. "With most of the benefits of this stimulus accruing to a US economy operating close to full employment, it would likely increase US and global inflation." Essentially, with wage pressures already rising in the economy — higher wages are thought to lead to businesses increasing prices — increased hiring for these projects would lead to broader price increases. Increase of trade barriers One of the key focuses in Trump's speech outlining his first 100 days was changing the way America trades with the rest of the world by "renegotiating" deals such as the North American Free Trade Agreement and pulling out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Analysts believe that these changes would most likely be protectionist and lead to inflation. Increasing trade barriers could include tariffs — taxes for importing or exporting goods — making it more expensive to import parts for goods. "Restrictive trade policies slow activity and boost inflation in early 2017 as a marked shift in public policy alters the landscape in a way that reduces the intensity of tradable activity while encouraging domestic production and consumption," said Michael Gapen, chief US economist at Barclays. Now President-elect Donald Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto. REUTERS/Henry Romero As noted by the anonymous finance blogger Macro Man, the personal consumption expenditures price index for durable goods (anything that lasts more than two years, like cars or computers) peaked right before the passage of NAFTA and has been declining ever since. Thus a more protectionist trade agreement could lead to higher prices for those types of items. "Altering trade deals to get a 'better deal' for America is likely to increase inflation via reduced supply," wrote Kevin Gaynor and Sam Bonney, strategists at Nomura. "Reducing the labor force is aimed at increasing wages. Onshoring is aimed at increasing jobs and, presumably, real wages along with corporate costs." As with many of Trump's campaign promises, however, it's unclear the extent to which they would be carried out. "One thesis is immediate tariffs are a negative supply-side shock, lifting inflation and undermining growth," said Alan Ruskin at Deutsche Bank. "The open question is how far Trump embarks down this path, or whether he opens the door to pragmatic renegotiation of trade agreements that again has some parallels with the UK, albeit the US will be negotiating from a position of strength." Impact on the Fed The increased inflation pressures will have a widespread effect on consumers, businesses, and the Federal Reserve. For the Fed, it appears that the long-awaited inflation may lead it to increase its rate of interest rate hikes. "I would expect there to be more fiscal spending in the future that will accelerate any potential inflation in the system," Jerry Haworth, CEO of the London-based hedge fund 36 South Capital Advisors, told Business Insider's Ben Moshinsky. "The quicker inflation returns, the quicker interest rates may go up." Federal Reserve Board Chair Janet Yellen. AP/Evan Vucci The increase of interest rate hikes, however, could work one of two ways. On the one hand, inflation has been running well below the Fed's desired 2% target for years, so some inflation could help to reach its policy goals. Stable inflationary increases would allow the Fed to raise interest rates to a level that is more in line with the long-term norm, giving it room to drop rates when the next recession comes. On the other hand, inflation has naturally progressed at a rate closer to the 2% target, with core PCE slightly above 1.7% at its most recent reading, which is well above its 1.3% mark in December. Thus highly inflationary policies coupled with already progressing inflation could lead to a surge in price increases. This would put the Fed behind the curve — and, in the worst case, force it into a furious series of rate hikes from its current historically low rate, in turn dampening economic activity. Impact on businesses As with the Fed, there are two ways this could play out for the largest businesses in America. In the positive scenario, increased pricing power allows companies to pass along higher wages and input prices to consumers, maintaining margins and continuing strength in the corporate sector. In the negative scenario, the increased tariffs make life more expensive for companies and wages do not keep track with the rising costs, crushing margins. Additionally, those companies that do business outside of the country — roughly 33% of revenues for the S&P 500 come from overseas — could take a hit if the Fed raises rates, as a stronger dollar would hurt the value of revenue generated overseas. Impact on consumers As companies look to American workers to replace immigrants, and new fiscal stimulus jobs require more workers in an already tight labor market, wage pressures would likely increase. On the other hand, Trump's trade plans would also make purchasing goods more expensive, especially those shipped from overseas. Things like iPhones, cars, and even foods that are sourced from outside the US would become more expensive with higher tariffs. It's not all certain A few caveats here. For one, it is unknown how many of these promises Trump will actually keep. Even in his deficit hawks within his own party may not agree with the idea of large-scale fiscal stimulus. During President Barack Obama's term, many Republicans were against a stimulus package that was smaller than Trump's proposed one and that came in the depths of a recession, when stimulus is thought to be most effective. Additionally, Trump has laid out broad policy proposals but not finer details — especially on trade — so the exact nature of the president-elect's plan is unclear. As with many things over the coming months, we'll just have to wait and see. SEE ALSO: Donald Trump's election has Wall Street questioning the future of the Federal Reserve NOW WATCH: Watch the Trump protest that shut down parts of New York City Loading video... More: Donald Trump Inflation Profit Margins Federal Reserve facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The price of everything in America may be about to go up The price of everything in America may be about to go up Wall Street analysts are trying to figure out... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Markets Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Markets Select 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select Monday Scouting Report More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
null
null
null
null
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Prepaid Card Market Trends, Opportunities and Forecast 2020 ReportsWeb.com published Prepaid Card Market from its database. The report provides the detailed analysis of the US prepaid card market, which include market by purchase volume, by installed base, by segments and by amount loaded. The report also provid   (EMAILWIRE.COM, November 10, 2016 ) The report titled Global Prepaid Card Market with Focus on The United States (2016 - 2020), provides an in-depth analysis of the global prepaid card payments with detailed analysis of market size and growth, market share and economic impact of the industry. The report also provides market size of the global card market. The report provides the detailed analysis of the US prepaid card market, which include market by purchase volume, by installed base, by segments and by amount loaded. The US card market analysis is also provided in the report. Furthermore, the report also assesses the key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the industry. Growth of the overall global prepaid card market has also been forecasted for the period 2016-2020, taking into consideration the previous growth patterns, the growth drivers and the current and future trends. The global prepaid card market is fragmented, with large number of prepaid card issuers and processors. The major issuers of the US prepaid card market are MetaBank, Green Dot Corporation, JPMorgan Chase and Comerica Bank, whose company profiling has been done in the report. In this segment of the report, business overview, financial overview and business strategies of the companies are provided. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-prepaid-card-market-with-focus-on-the-united-states-2016-2020 Country Coverage - United States Company Coverage - MetaBank - Green Dot Corporation - JPMorgan Chase - Comerica Bank Company Profiling 1 Meta Financial Group (MetaBank) 1.1 Business Overview 1.2 Financial Overview 1.3 Business Strategy 2 Green Dot Corporation 2.1 Business Overview 2.2 Financial Overview 2.3 Business Strategy 3 Comerica Bank 3.1 Business Overview 3.2 Financial Overview 3.3 Business Strategy 4 JPMorgan Chase 4.1 Business Overview 4.2 Financial Overview 4.3 Business Strategy Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW00020397/sample Executive Summary A prepaid card is a type of card similar to credit and debit card, but unlike them, a prepaid card does not connect to the bank account of a person and is based on pay as you go model. Until the card is purchased and the funds are loaded into it, the prepaid card does not carry any value. The cost of the prepaid card is deducted from the cards balance. When all the funds loaded on the card are used, then the card is empty and cannot be used further. The prepaid cards can be segmented by the type, into: closed loop cards, open loop cards and general purpose cards. A closed-loop prepaid card can be used only at a particular merchant or merchant chain. An open loop prepaid card is connected with an electronic payment network like MasterCard or Visa and is issued by the banks or financial institutions. General purpose cards are open-loop cards that can be reloaded in-store or online. The prepaid cards can also be segmented by products, into: payroll cards, youth cards, travel cards, gift cards and government benefit cards. The global prepaid card market has increased at a significant annual growth rate in 2015 as compared to the preceding year and projections are made that the market would rise in the next five years i.e. 2016-2020. The major growth drivers for the market are: shift towards plastic money for making payments, increased adoption of prepaid cards by unbanked population, increased usage in the form of holiday gift cards, an increase in retail sales, favorable regulations, etc. Yet there are some challenges, which the market faces, such as lack of awareness, lack of standardization, security concerns, etc. Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW00020397/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Private Label Card Market by Global Volume Overview Analysis & Forecast 2020 ReportsWeb.com published Private Label Card Market from its database. The report also gives an insight of the global card market by value, by volume, etc. The report provides a regional analysis of the private label cards. The report also assesses the k   (EMAILWIRE.COM, November 10, 2016 ) The report titled Global Private Label Card Market: Trends & Opportunities (2016-2020), provides an in-depth analysis of the global private label card market by value and by volume. The report also gives an insight of the global card market by value, by volume, etc. The report provides a regional analysis of the private label cards, including the following regions: US and Europe. The report also assesses the key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the industry. The competition in the global private label card market is dominated by Alliance Data Systems, JP Morgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co and Capital One Financial Corp. Further, key players of the private label card market are also profiled with their financial information and respective business strategies. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-private-label-card-market-trends-and-opportunities-2016-2020 Country Coverage America Europe Company Coverage Alliance Data Systems JP Morgan Chase & Co. Wells Fargo & Co. Capital One Financial Corp Company Profiling 1 Alliance Data Systems 1.1 Business Overview 1.2 Financial Overview 1.3 Business Strategy 2 JP Morgan Chase & CO. 2.1 Business Overview 2.2 Financial Overview 2.3 Business Strategy 3 Wells Fargo & Co. 3.1 Business Overview 3.2 Financial Overview 3.3 Business Strategy 4 Capital One Financial Corp 4.1 Business Overview 4.2 Financial Overview 4.3 Business Strategy Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW00020388/sample Executive Summary Payment cards allow the card holders to make payments by electronic fund transfer. These cards are classified into credit cards and debit cards. The debit cards are cards in which the card holder directly transfers money from their bank account to make payment for the purchase. Credit cards are the cards issued by the banks, allowing the holder to purchase goods and services on credit. The credit cards are further classified into private label cards and other credit cards. Private label credit cards or store cards or proprietary cards are branded for a specific retailer or a manufacturer. The retailer can manage the cards in house or can be managed or issued by a third party processor, who in turn collects the payments from the card holders. Terms and conditions for private label cards are made by the contract between the retailer and the third party processor. Retailers prefer to have their own cards, thus enabling the consumers to shop at their stores. Private label cards are used in retail outlets, mostly to attract the consumers and giving them another reason to shop at particular stores. The private label cards, however, have a lower credit limit and a high interest rates. The private label cards have different advantages to customers, to retailers and to business. The disadvantages of private label cards are high interest rates and harm to the credit score. The private label card market is driven by rising global population, increasing urbanization, rewards and incentive programs, increasing mobile payments, increasing global GDP per capita and increasing retail sales. Inquire before Buying at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW00020388/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
null
null
null
null
null
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:58 P.M. ET Updated New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 7:58 P.M. ET Elizabeth Warren rips Trump’s picks of ‘Wall Street insiders’ 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Fitch Affirms JPMCC 2005-LDP4 By Published: Nov 9, 2016 3:32 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, Nov 09, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Fitch Ratings has affirmed 13 classes of J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Corp. (JPMCC) commercial mortgage pass-through certificates series 2005-LDP4. A detailed list of rating actions follows at the end of this press release. KEY RATING DRIVERS The affirmations reflect Fitch's expected losses, as well as the pool concentration and adverse selection of the remaining pool. Fitch's expected losses totalled 27.9% of the remaining pool; expected losses on the original pool balance total 9.3%, including $224.2 million (8.4% of the original pool balance) in realized losses to date. As of the October 2016 distribution date, the pool's aggregate principal balance has been reduced 96% to $91.7 million from $2.7 billion at issuance. There are currently no defeased loans. Interest shortfalls are affecting class D, and L through NR. Concentrated Pool with Adverse Selection: Although the transaction has experienced significant paydowns, the remaining pool is highly concentrated with only 13 of the original 184 loans remaining and the largest loan accounting for 30.5% of the pool balance. Current risk exposure of the remaining loans includes properties with high vacancies, low debt service coverage ratios (DSCRs), single-tenant properties, secondary market exposure, and loans previously modified debt including a Hope note. High Percentage of Fitch Loans of Concern (FLOC) and Specially Serviced Loans: Six loans (46% of the pool) have been identified as FLOC, including two (26%) currently in special servicing. Both of the specially serviced assets are REO, both of which have high vacancies and are located in secondary markets. Severe losses are expected given the most recent servicer appraisal valuations. The largest non-specially serviced FLOC is secured by a 484-unit student housing property in Kalamazoo, MI (13.3% of the pool), located across the street from the Western Michigan University campus. The loan had previously transferred to special servicing in August 2013 due to payment default, and a foreclosure sale was held in May 2015 where the noteholder was the successful bidder. During the six-month REO redemption period the loan was assumed by a new borrower and modified, whereby the loan was bifurcated into a senior ($10 million) and junior ($2.1 million) component. The loan assumption required a $100,000 paydown of the senior note to $9.9 million. The loan remains current under the modified terms, and transferred back to the master servicer in May 2016. Property performance remains low with occupancy at 64% and DSCR at 0.54x as of June 2016. According to the servicer, the new borrower is focused on an aggressive capital improvements program and marketing campaign to drive occupancy to market levels. Although losses are not expected imminently, any recovery to the subject B-note is contingent upon full recovery to the A-note proceeds at the loan's maturity in December 2018. Unless collateral performance improves, recovery to the B-note component is unlikely. The largest loan in the pool is secured by a 350,000 square foot (sf) suburban office building located in Holmdel, NJ 100% occupied by Vonage (30.5% of the pool). The loan had previously transferred to special servicing in July 2015 due to a downsizing request by the tenant after its August 2017 lease expiration, plus significant funds required for tenant improvements (TIs). The borrower was successful in negotiating a lease extension to October 2023 for the full space. The lease was modified to include placing the property under a hard lock box, establishing tax and insurance escrows, and a waterfall provision for all excess cash flow to fund a rollover reserve to be used for future TIs. The loan, which has remained current since issuance, transferred back to the master servicer in May 2016. RATING SENSITIVITIES The Rating Outlook on class B remains Stable due to sufficient credit enhancement. Although the credit enhancement will increase with scheduled amortization, Fitch is concerned with increasing pool concentration and high potential for performance volatility of the remaining collateral; therefore, a rating cap of 'BBsf' was considered appropriate on class B. Fitch does not foresee positive or negative rating migration unless there is material economic change to the remaining loans. USE OF THIRD-PARTY DUE DILIGENCE PURSUANT TO RULE 17G-10 No third-party due diligence was provided or reviewed in relation to this transaction. Fitch has affirmed the following classes: --$34.8 million class B at 'BBsf'; Outlook Stable; --$23.4 million class C at 'CCCsf'; RE 100%; --$33.5 million class D at 'Dsf'; RE 20%; --$0 class E at 'Dsf'; RE 0%; --$0 class F at 'Dsf'; RE 0%; --$0 class G at 'Dsf'; RE 0%; --$0 class H at 'Dsf'; RE 0%; --$0 class J at 'Dsf'; RE 0%; --$0 class K at 'Dsf'; RE 0%; --$0 class L at 'Dsf'; RE 0%; --$0 class M at 'Dsf'; RE 0%; --$0 class N at 'Dsf'; RE 0%; --$0 class P at 'Dsf'; RE 0%. The class A-1, A-1A, A-2, A-2FL, A-3A1, A-3A2, A-4, A-SB, A-M, and A-J certificates have paid in full. Fitch does not rate the class NR certificates. Fitch previously withdrew the ratings on the interest-only class X-1 and X-2 certificates. Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com. Applicable Criteria Counterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds (pub. 01 Sep 2016) https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/886006 Criteria for Rating Caps and Limitations in Global Structured Finance Transactions (pub. 16 Jun 2016) https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/882401 Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 27 Jun 2016) https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/883130 U.S. and Canadian Fixed-Rate Multiborrower CMBS Surveillance and U.S. Re-REMIC Criteria (pub. 13 Nov 2015) https://www.fitchratings.com/site/re/873395 Additional Disclosures Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1014552 Solicitation Status https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1014552 Endorsement Policy https://www.fitchratings.com/regulatory ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK: HTTPS://WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH WEBSITE. Copyright© 2016 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or affirmed. The information in this report is provided "as is" without any representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to print subscribers. For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning of the Corporations Act 2001 View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161109006205/en/ SOURCE: Fitch Ratings Fitch Ratings Primary Analyst Benson Thomas Director +1-212-908-0645 Fitch Ratings, Inc. 33 Whitehall Street New York, NY 10004 or Committee Chairperson Britt Johnson Senior Director +1-312-606-2341 or Media Relations Hannah James, +1-646-582-4947 hannah.james@fitchratings.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
null
Continue to Site » ADVERTISEMENT Tuesday, November 15, 2016 National/Regional Recent Issues | Magazine | Video | Web Seminars | White Papers Women in Banking | FinTech Forward Log In | My Account | Customer Service dealmaking & strategy community banking national/ regional law & regulation consumer finance bank technology bankthink conferences & events data & research resource center = Subscriber content; log in or subscribe now to access all American Banker content. Dimon on Trump Victory: Shows Voters' Economic 'Frustration' By Kristin Broughton November 9, 2016 Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + Email Comments Print Reprints Related Dimon, Bank CEOs: We Need to Pause New Regs Dimon: U.S. 'Shooting Ourselves in the Foot' with Partisan Divisions Brexit 'Extraordinarily Dangerous' for U.S. Banks Brexit Upshot: U.S. Banks Have Become Pros at Planning for the Worst What Bankers Want (and Don't Want) from President Trump 'That's Just Really, Really Bad': Bank CEOs React to Wells Scandal Why Media Representation Matters for Women in Banking In a message to employees Wednesday morning, JPMorgan Chase Chief Executive Jamie Dimon said the election of Donald Trump as president reflects a "deep desire for change." Drawing a comparison to the populist waves that have recently swept Europe, Dimon said that the results send a clear message about the economic challenges — and lack of opportunities — facing voters across the country. "We have heard through democratic processes in both Europe and the United States the frustration that so many people have with the lack of economic opportunity and the challenges they face," Dimon said. "We need to listen to those voices." Trump's victory — which shocked the political establishment — had undertones of the surprise vote by U.K. voters in June to leave the European Union. Dimon, notably, warned U.K. voters in the lead-up to the referendum that leaving the EU bloc could create years of economic uncertainty In the memo, Dimon did not specifically address what the results of the election mean for JPMorgan — or for the industry as a whole. He did, however, say that the company will continue to support its communities and focus on public policy issues "underlying the economic challenges throughout the world." Dimon — who has previously backed Democrats but this year did not endorse Hillary Clinton, though he had hinted he thought she would win — also struck an optimistic tone, saying that the country must now put aside its differences and recognize that diversity is the "core strength" of the nation. He also called on civic leaders to address the problems stemming from the recent period of sluggish economic growth. "Leaders from across the public, private and nonprofit sectors need to collaborate to find meaningful solutions that create economic growth and greater opportunity for all," he said. Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google + Email Comments Print Reprints JOIN THE DISCUSSION Comment SEE MORE IN National/Regional RELATED TAGS Law & Regulation, Consumer Finance Comments (0) Be the first to comment on this post using the section below. Add Your Comments: Not Registered? You must be registered to post a comment. Click here to register. Already registered? Log in here Please note you must now log in with your email address and password. E-MAIL ADDRESS PASSWORD Remember me Breaking News Little Bank to Buy Union Banc in North Carolina 10:49AM ET First Republic Seeks $287M in Latest Stock Offering 10:32AM ET Banking Job Cuts at Slowest Pace in Decade: Challenger Data 09:47AM ET Trustmark to Buy RB Bancorp. in Alabama 09:00AM ET Dealmaking & Strategy Ripples from Trump Win May Extend to Bank M&A Want Speedy M&A Integration? Involve Tech Team at Every Step Treasury Candidate Mnuchin Drew Praise, Scorn After IndyMac Deal Latino Small Businesses Courted by Fintech Firm's Lending Site Seacoast Sticks to Growth Plan in Face of Investor Criticism Headlines from Recent Bank Scandals Are Their Own Problem Take Millennials' Stated Banking Preferences with Grain of Salt Visit BankThink » Multimedia What's Next for Energy Lenders? Lots of 'Wound-Licking' Expect banks to pull back on energy lending in the near term, as regulators step up their scrutiny of oil loans and bankers approach the business with a "different attitude," says Mariner Kemper, chairman and chief executive at UMB Financial in Kansas City, Mo. See All » Breaking News Cambridge Bancorp Hires CFO 05:37PM ET PeoplesBank in Pa. Hires Field as CFO 04:13PM ET Bay Bancorp in Md. Facing Lawsuit Tied to Bank It Bought 03:01PM ET Former NOVA Bank CEO Sentenced for Tarp Fraud 02:27PM ET Community Banking Both Sides Agree: Lawsuit Looming on Credit Union Membership Rule Trump Tax Plan: Banks Could Save More than $30B a Year New Legal Risk for Banks: Websites the Disabled Can't Access Hope for Reg Relief, Fear of Trumponomics Among Small Banks CRE Lending: Time to Bail, or Dive In Head First? Why Making Yourself Uncomfortable Matters Wells Fargo's Sales Strategy: Good Intentions Gone Bad Visit BankThink » Multimedia What Bankers Want (and Don't Want) from President Trump Optimism is running high in banking after the presidential election, as many bankers see Donald Trump's promises to lower corporate taxes and weaken regulations as potential boons for the economy and their bottom lines. Others, though, doubt Trump would push through or even endorse meaningful regulatory reform and are wary of his protectionist rhetoric. Here's what some bankers have to say to the president-elect. See All » Breaking News Northern Trust Names New President 05:32PM ET Rich and Richer: Citi's Tailored Advisory Strategy 12:44PM ET Consumer Loans Souring Fast in Bonds Tied to Online Lenders 11:45AM ET First Republic Seeks $287M in Latest Stock Offering 10:32AM ET National/Regional Early Trump Effect: Higher Yields and (Maybe) Lower Tech Costs Big Banks Seek DOJ's Blessing for Real-Time Payment System Treasury Pick Mnuchin Drew Praise, Scorn After IndyMac Deal New Legal Risk for Banks: Websites the Disabled Can't Access How High-Tech Banks Are Fighting Back Against Patent Trolls Banking's Ethics Problems Run Much Deeper than Wells Fargo Women in Banking: Goldman's New Partners; America's Gender Divide Visit BankThink » Multimedia What Bankers Want (and Don't Want) from President Trump Optimism is running high in banking after the presidential election, as many bankers see Donald Trump's promises to lower corporate taxes and weaken regulations as potential boons for the economy and their bottom lines. Others, though, doubt Trump would push through or even endorse meaningful regulatory reform and are wary of his protectionist rhetoric. Here's what some bankers have to say to the president-elect. See All » Breaking News Former NOVA Bank CEO Sentenced for Tarp Fraud 02:27PM ET FHA Fund Jumps Again, Fueling Demands for Premium Cut 01:00PM ET First Financial Regulator Out the Door: SEC's Mary Jo White 05:38PM ET Facebook Nixes 'Ethnic Affinity' Filters in Housing, Credit Ads 04:16PM ET Law & Regulation GAO All But Endorses Fed Stress Tests, Dashing Industry Hopes FDIC Softens Final Big-Bank Deposit Plan Future of CFPB in Play as Warren Digs In Wall Street Critics in Disarray after Trump Victory CFPB's Arbitration, Payday Plans May Be Derailed, Gutted How Fed Can Reform Itself to Pre-Empt Trump-Inspired Overhaul Scrutiny of Wells Fargo Will Now Shift to the Board Visit BankThink » Multimedia Wells Fargo's Gift to Late Night Talk show hosts have had a field day with the Wells Fargo phony-accounts scandal, underscoring just how much it has hurt the bank's reputation. See All » Breaking News Northern Trust Names New President 05:32PM ET Consumer Loans Souring Fast in Bonds Tied to Online Lenders 11:45AM ET Prosper Marketplace CEO Aaron Vermut Resigns: Report 04:07PM ET Facebook Nixes 'Ethnic Affinity' Filters in Housing, Credit Ads 04:16PM ET Consumer Finance One Alternative Lender's Endgame: Become a Bank Consumer Debt Habits Barely Budge Despite CARD Act's Nudge Agents Object to New FHA Condo-Occupancy Rule Banks Mine Data to Find High Earners Who Live It Up Losses Shrink as Lending Club Seeks Return to Normalcy Why Big Banks Would Do Well to Spin Off Credit Cards There Is No Cookie-Cutter Customer Experience Visit BankThink » Multimedia Warning for Wealth Managers: Investors are Wary of Your Advice Changes in consumer behavior  including a growing distrust of financial advisers  are driving the rise of robo advisers, says Gauthier Vincent, a consultant with Deloitte. See All » Breaking News Rich and Richer: Citi's Tailored Advisory Strategy 12:44PM ET Prosper Marketplace CEO Aaron Vermut Resigns: Report 04:07PM ET Facebook Nixes 'Ethnic Affinity' Filters in Housing, Credit Ads 04:16PM ET FTC Sues NetSpend Over Prepaid Card Ad Claims 06:51PM ET Bank Technology 'Human, Please Look at This': Nasdaq Using AI to Spot Abuses Want Speedy M&A Integration? Involve Tech Team at Every Step SunTrust Pursues Tech Edge in Commercial Banking Would Trump Policies Help or Hurt Financial Tech? Yes. New Legal Risk for Banks: Websites the Disabled Can't Access Four Lessons as Rating Firms Look at Marketplace Lenders 'My Bank Will Survive' and Other Delusions Visit BankThink » Multimedia How Mobile Banking Is Raising Its Game Mobile phones are only going to become a bigger part of how banks interact with their customers, so several institutions are looking to enhance that experience. They are focusing on better ways of opening accounts, verifying identities, interacting with customers and offering new services and features. Here are some of the improvements announced this year. See All » Breaking News Consumer Loans Souring Fast in Bonds Tied to Online Lenders 11:45AM ET Prosper Marketplace CEO Aaron Vermut Resigns: Report 04:07PM ET Online Lending Startup Targets Travelers 08:00AM ET South Dakota Approves 36% Rate Cap on Payday Lenders 11:25AM ET Marketplace Lending Losses Shrink as Lending Club Seeks Return to Normalcy One Alternative Lender's Endgame: Become a Bank Latino Small Businesses Courted by Fintech Firm's Lending Site SoFi, Fannie Mae Offer Cash-Out Refi for Student Loans The Battle Begins: Banks Take On Online Lending Rivals Online Retailers Are Proof of Marketplace Lending's Sustainability It Should Be Obvious Now that Marketplace Lending Is Unsustainable Visit BankThink » Multimedia Who to Watch as Regulators Size Up Online Lending This year federal and state regulators have started to pay closer attention to the rapidly evolving online-lending sector  particularly online small-business lending. What follows is a look at eight key players in the debate over how to regulate this emerging industry. See All » Scrutiny of Wells Fargo Will Now Shift to the Board Following the regulatory orders against Wells Fargo and the resignation of its CEO, stockholders are likely to ask whether the board has responsibility and even... Read More Latest Posts Innovation Will Stall Without a Regulatory Fintech 'Sandbox' How Fed Can Reform Itself to Pre-Empt Trump-Inspired Overhaul Why Housing Should Rank High on Trump's Domestic Agenda Morning Scan: Trump Has Dodd-Frank Plans, Mum on Fannie, Freddie Banking's Ethics Problems Run Much Deeper than Wells Fargo How Out-of-Date Remittance Rules Worsen De-Risking Editor's Choice How Fed Can Reform Itself to Pre-Empt Trump-Inspired Overhaul Banking's Ethics Problems Run Much Deeper than Wells Fargo See All » Multimedia Customer Experience Is the Tie that Binds Banks and Fintech See All » Morning Scan: SEC Chair Leaving; GAO to Release Stress Test Review Featured Event Small Business Banking 11/09/2016 PGA National Resort & Spa Palm Beach Gardens, FL Upcoming Conferences Digital Mortgage 2016 December 8, 2016 Hilton San Francisco Union Square Retail Banking March 22, 2017 Trump National Doral Miami Card Forum May 8, 2017 Hilton Austin Mentor Factor May 24, 2017 Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan See All Conferences » Event Gallery See All » Benchmarking & Data American Banker Research: Issues + Actions A bimonthly report series assessing topics of vital interest to financial service executives. (Premium Subscription Required) Ranking the Banks A comprehensive database of bank rankings,league tables and vital statistics. (Registration Required) Rate Tracker Monitor and look up average deposit and loan rates by product and by state. (Registration Required) 2016: The Candidates, the Issues What bankers think about the 2016 election, and where the candidates stand on the issues More » American Banker Research: Issues + Actions Blockchains in Action Open APIs: A Banker's Guide See All » Featured Whitepapers Is The Financial Services Sector Thinking Big Enough With BI? Modern Lending and Banking: Three Steps to Delivering a Superior Customer Experience See All Whitepapers » Featured Web Seminars Secure your high-value finance applications and improve productivity New DDA strategies: Balancing growth, risk & regulators The future of omni-channel collections Identity is the new currency in global cybercrime How to optimize your outbound contact strategy and improve TCPA compliance First party collections  How to survive the regulations See All Web Seminars » American Banker Research: Issues + Actions Blockchains in Action Open APIs: A Banker's Guide See All » American Banker About Us Contact Us CareerZone Content Licensing & Reprints Advertise with Us Subscribe Customer Service My Account Site Map Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement RSS Feeds sourcemedia corporate site banking American Banker Credit Union Journal mortgages National Mortgage News payments PaymentsSource ISO & Agent municipal finance The Bond Buyer capital markets Mergers & Acquisitions Asset Securitization Report accounting Accounting Today Tax Pro Today healthcare technology Health Data Management Insurance Networking News Information Management employee benefits Employee Benefit News Employee Benefit Adviser investment advisory Financial Planning On Wall Street Bank Investment Consultant Money Management Executive © 2016 SourceMedia. All rights reserved. Mobile Version
null
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Politics Politics Elections Presidential Debates 2016 White House Congress Law Taxes Jamie Dimon just sent this memo to his staff about Donald Trump's victory Jay Yarow | @jyarow Wednesday, 9 Nov 2016 | 12:01 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon sent a memo to his staff urging his team to "listen" to the voices of the people that have elected Donald Trump and voted for Brexit. He says leaders in the public and private sector need to work together to find solutions for more people. Read the full memo below: We are going through a period of profound political and economic change around the world, and American citizens showed that deep desire for change in voting to elect Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States. We have heard through democratic processes in both Europe and the United States the frustration that so many people have with the lack of economic opportunity and the challenges they face. We need to listen to those voices. We have just been through one of the most contentious elections in memory, which can make it even harder to put our differences aside. But that makes it more important than ever to bind the wounds of our nation and to bring together Americans from all walks of life. Recognizing that our diversity is a core strength of our nation, we must all come together as fellow patriots to solve our most serious challenges. Leaders from across the public, private and nonprofit sectors need to collaborate to find meaningful solutions that create economic growth and greater opportunity for all. America is best when we come together with clear leadership, expertise and the political will to take on difficult challenges and get things done. No one should ever doubt the strength and resilience of our country and our democracy. JPMorgan Chase has a proud history of supporting our communities and our countries. Through your outstanding efforts, we have built a great company that will continue to thrive — as we continue to focus on helping to serve our clients and communities. We will also continue to help address the important public policy issues of the day and the underlying economic challenges throughout the world. I'm optimistic about America's future and the role our company will continue to play as we help the nation address our challenges and move forward together. —Jamie Jay YarowExecutive Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
null
null
null
null

null
null
null
null
null
null
null
null
MONEY Subscribe Home Everyday Money Retirement Family Finance Careers Real Estate Investing Travel Money 101 Best Places To Live Best Colleges Best in Travel Best Banks Best Credit Cards Videos Calculators Adviser & Client Love & Money Money Heroes TIME LIFE Motto The Daily Cut MONEY 50: The Best Mutual Funds Road to Wealth Ultimate Retirement Guide Smart Choices Turning Points Love and Money Ask the Expert Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Target v. Walmart: Whose Black Friday TV Deals Are Better? Sears’ Black Friday TV Deals Are Few and Far Between This Year Upset About the Results of the Election? These Charities Could Use Your Help Is Medicare Really Going Broke, Like Paul Ryan Says? How to Create a Quick and Dirty Financial Plan for Yourself Why You Should Get Financially Naked College News and Advice Americans Are Actually Happier With Their Health Insurance Companies Now Than They Were Two Years Ago The Sneaky Reason Why Au Bon Pain & Dunkin’ Donuts Are Giving Away Coffee The 9 Most Anticipated IPOs of 2017 The Best Beauty Gift Sets Under $100 MONEY Investing stocks Trump Win Pushes U.S. Stocks Up Noel Randewich / Reuters Nov. 9, 2016 SHARE Spencer Platt—Getty Images Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange after Donald Trump won a major upset in the presidential election on November 9, 2016 in New York City. In a turnaround from last night, investors poured money into the market. U.S. stocks rose sharply on Wednesday in a dramatic turnaround from deep overnight losses as Wall Street digested the upset presidential election victory of Republican Donald Trump. After warning for months that a Trump White House would create uncertainty and damage sentiment, investors poured money into sectors that may benefit from the former reality show star’s victory. That was a steep reversal from the night before, when financial markets reacted violently as Democrat Hillary Clinton’s path to victory narrowed and S&P futures dropped 5 percent before a trading limit kicked in. “The stock market is acting like a teenager. It makes a lot of demands but it doesn’t know what it wants,” said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Read More: These Stocks Are Spiking in the Wake of Donald Trump’s Win Gains of 3 percent each in the heavily weighted healthcare and financials sectors pushed the S&P 500 and Dow Jones industrial average up over 1 percent. The real estate sector fell 2.48 percent and utilities lost 3.52 percent. Both sectors are proxies for bonds, which also fell. “When you look at Trump’s plans, they are actually pro-market,” said Nadia Lovell, U.S. Equity Strategist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. “Increased fiscal spending, that’s great for infrastructure and defense names, less regulations that help banks, less involvement in healthcare – things that worried the market before.” A curb on drug pricing was a key campaign theme for Clinton, while Trump has called for repealing the Affordable Care Act and loosening restrictions on banks enacted after the financial crisis. At 3:05 pm ET, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 1.54 percent to 18,614.99 points and the S&P 500 had gained 1.24 percent to 2,166.09. The Nasdaq Composite had added 1 percent to 5,245.54. Republicans maintained their majorities in both chambers of the U.S. Congress, potentially enabling the party to reshape Washington with two years of “unified” government. “Regardless of the fact you had a Republican sweep, there are still checks and balances in place,” said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York. “So you are going to have some of your more fiscally conservative Republicans that will certainly slow (Trump) down from doing anything crazy in terms of policy changes.” Wall Street is typically seen as preferring gridlock, or shared control of the White House and Congress, than a sweep of both chambers of Congress and the presidency. The CBOE Volatility index, a gauge of investor anxiety, fell 20 percent and was on track for its biggest daily drop since late June. Big pharmaceutical shares gained, with Pfizer jumping 8.3 percent, the biggest driver of the S&P 500’s gains. The iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF surged 8.7 percent and was on track for its biggest daily percentage gain in eight years. Among financials, JPMorgan Chase surged 5.7 percent, on pace for its best day in nine months, while Wells Fargo rose 6.06 percent. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.27-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.47-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 58 new 52-week highs and 14 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 179 new highs and 94 new lows. Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos, Chuck Mikolajczak, Tanya Agrawal and Yashaswini Swamynathan Tap to read full story Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Everyday Money Real Estate Family Finance Investing Retirement Subscribe Newsletter Advertising Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices Careers Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions ©2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Part of the Fortune.com Sites. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE MONEY.COM! Dear MONEY Reader, As a regular visitor to MONEY.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The MONEY Team
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Economy Trump Wins, But Fed Hike Still On: Treasury Yields, Bank Stocks Soar Donald Trump's victory was supposed to put a Fed rate hike in doubt. But investors are betting on a December move, sending bond yields and bank stocks soaring.(iStockphoto) JED GRAHAM 11/09/2016 Reprints A few days ago and for a few hours last night, it looked as if a Donald Trump victory was perhaps the only thing standing in the way of a Federal Reserve rate hike in December. Some economists had even suggested Janet Yellen would have to resign if Trump won, after he attacked her for running a Fed that acted "more political than Secretary Clinton." Now, in the light of day, as markets process the likely direction of a Trump presidency, the Fed's green light is back. After tumbling overnight, the 10-year Treasury yield surged above 2%, hitting their highest levels since January. Stocks are rallying solidly in late-afternoon trading, easing concerns that markets won't be able to handle higher rates. The odds of a Fed hike next month, which briefly dipped below 50% overnight, are back to 71.5%. Plus, Trump will be able to nominate two members to the Federal Reserve Board of Governors. He's warned that ultralow rates are fomenting bubbles, suggesting that he might pick more hawkish policymakers. Shares of U.S. Bancorp (USB), which saw its shares rise to a 52-week high on Tuesday when Hillary Clinton looked like a winner, surged 3.8% to an all-time high on Wednesday despite the altered political reality. Shares of Bank of America (BAC) advanced 5.7% to the top of a 12-month base. JPMorgan Chase (JPM) hit an all-time high, closing up 4.6%. PNC Financial Services (PNC) rose 4.8% to its own record high. IBD'S TAKE: Markets may stay volatile as investors figure out what a Donald Trump presidency means, but don't lose sight of the big picture. For a primer on how to know if the market is ripe for gains and it's a favorable time to establish new positions, visit IBD University. Then read The Big Picture each day to stay on top of the market's prevailing trend. Now, investors seems to believe, banks can enjoy not only the higher interest-rate environment that will help net-interest margins, but they'll also benefit from a lighter regulatory touch under Trump. What happened to change the mood so suddenly? Credit Trump's gracious speech early Wednesday morning, says Harm Bandholz, chief U.S. economist at UniCredit Research. "Trump's speech helped to calm down markets" because it lacked the aggressiveness that defined his campaign, Bandholz said. Still, Bandholz notes, everything Trump says is now under the microscope. New talk of tariffs, the market's biggest fear, could upset the new equilibrium. During the campaign, Trump threatened to walk away from Nafta unless Mexico renegotiates the agreement under favorable terms for the U.S., and he pledged that his administration would slap the currency manipulator label on China, paving the way for punitive tariffs. Uncertainty about he'll make good on his campaign pledges will likely increase the volatility of the market, Bandholz says. But for now, wage growth has picked up, inflation is rising, albeit from a low base, and there's little chance the data will shift before the Fed makes its next interest-rate decision on December 14. As for Yellen, she has dismissed any charge that the Fed held off on raising rates this year to help Hillary Clinton. "We do not discuss politics at our meetings, and we do not take politics into account in our decisions," Yellen said at a post-meeting press conference in September. If she believes in the importance of the Fed's independence, she's unlikely to take the fall because of some rough campaign words. The surge in Treasury yields on Wednesday comes after Trump signaled that his top priority is to get the economy humming — "we will double our growth" — via infrastructure spending and tax cuts. Fitch Ratings warned on Wednesday that Trump's agenda could be negative for U.S. creditworthiness since it could potentially put upward pressure on already-rising deficits and debt levels. Yet Bandholz sees little risk that Trump's big infrastructure splurge will lead the U.S. economy to overheat, forcing the Fed to move quickly. He notes that any package will either require Democratic support in the Senate or, if done through reconciliation to get around a filibuster, would have to be revenue neutral. RELATED: The Fed Isn't Ruled By Politics — But Here's Why It Soon Might Be After Initial Fall, Stocks May Rally On Trump Victory, Agenda JED GRAHAM | Facebook | @IBD_JGraham Share this: Related news Guggenheim downgraded Wells Fargo sending its share down on the stock market today. (Newscom) BofA, Wells Fargo Downgraded; Lockheed, Northrop Price Targets Hiked 4:11 PM ET Bank of America and Wells Fargo were downgraded to neutral, and Citigroup raised price targets across the defense sector. 4:11 PM ET Bank of America and Wells Fargo were downgraded to neutral,... Nasdaq Leads Stocks Mostly Up; Is Apple Hinting That Its Rally Is Not Over Yet? Market Mixed On Upbeat Economic Data; Oil Surges Small Caps Soar; Techs Weaken More; 10-Year Yield Soars Again Bank Stock Run Continues As Bond Yields Fly Stocks Narrowly Mixed In Late Trade; Nasdaq Lags, Apple, Facebook Get Hit Again Fresh High For Dow But Apple Weighs; 10-Year Yield Up Again Profit Recession Is Over, Here Comes The Best Earnings Growth Since 2014 Stock Indexes Protect Gains; Goldman Up 16% For Week Today's Spotlight Las Vegas Traders Expo Join IBD for free investing workshops and get product trying at our booth. Portfolio Management Webinar Join us and learn how to maximize your results by rotating cash into your best-performing stocks. Try SwingTrader Free Our new product applies IBD’s CAN SLIM Investing System to help you capture short term trends. More News Target's shares surged last week, as top department store chains report strong results or gave upbeat guidance for the holidays. (iStockphoto) Target, Lowe's To Give Insight on Retail Picture: Investing Action Plan OPEC members Saudi Arabia, Iraq and Iran still disagree on how to divvy up the production cuts, according to Bloomberg. (iStockphoto) Oil Rallies By Most In Seven Months As OPEC Tries To Save Output Deal The Trader’s Brain: Gaining an Edge by Letting Your Emotions Run Amok Promoted Content By Simpler Trading Special Report (AMLA) L.A. Auto Show 2016: News, Interviews, Videos, New Car Models See from-the-floor coverage of the L.A. Auto Show, which kicks off this week. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Skip to main content Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Banking & Finance » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Blogs Focus Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsBlogsFocusMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Banking & Finance US charges Florida man in case linked to JPMorgan hacking probe A Florida man is the latest individual to face criminal charges in connection with what US prosecutors say was an illegal bitcoin exchange owned by an Israeli accused of being behind hacking attacks on companies including JPMorgan Chase & Co. PHOTO: REUTERS Nov 11, 2016 7:20 AM [NEW YORK] A Florida man is the latest individual to face criminal charges in connection with what US prosecutors say was an illegal bitcoin exchange owned by an Israeli accused of being behind hacking attacks on companies including JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ricardo Hill, 38, was arrested last month in Florida and charged in a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Manhattan with conspiring to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business. A federal magistrate granted Hill's release on Thursday on a US$75,000 bond following a court appearance in Manhattan, court records show. A lawyer for Hill declined to comment. Hill, a resident of Brandon, Florida, is one of nine people to face charges following an investigation connected to a data breach that JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 involving records for more than 83 million accounts. According to court papers, the charges stemmed from Hill's employment as a finance support manager and business development consultant for an unlicensed bitcoin exchange called Coin.mx. Prosecutors have said Coin.mx was operated by another Florida man, Anthony Murgio, and owned by Gery Shalon, an Israeli accused of orchestrating a massive hacking scheme involving JPMorgan and other companies. Prosecutors contend Shalon along with another Israeli, Ziv Orenstein, and an American, Joshua Samuel Aaron, ran a criminal enterprise that hacked into a dozen companies' networks, stealing the personal information of over 100 million customers. While Hill and Murgio were not accused of roles in the hacking offenses, prosecutors said they committed crimes linked to the operation of Coin.mx, which exchanged millions of dollars of the virtual currency bitcoin for customers. The complaint against Hill said that he and others profited from numerous bitcoin transactions conducted on behalf of victims of schemes involving ransomware, which locks up computer systems and then demands payments to remove the restriction. To date, two individuals have pleaded guilty in connection with the Coin.mx case. Murgio and two other men have pleaded not guilty and are scheduled to face trial in February. Shalon and Orenstein pleaded not guilty following their extradition from Israel in June. Aaron is currently in Russia. REUTERS More Volkswagen's Audi hit with fresh emissions cheating lawsuit US banks gird for Brexit-style tumult following Tuesday's election Banks, brokers gird for Brexit-style tumult following Tuesday's election China mulls limiting bitcoin transactions to curb outflows Investors flock to Zcash, a new virtual currency that promises to be untraceable New York's dream of being virtual currency hub fades PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Banking & Finance US dollar hits at 11-month high after upbeat US data 6:33 AM Sibor, SOR rise sharply with tighter rules 5:50 AM Funding eludes the 'middle-kid' fintechs 5:50 AM Big Brother of big data among hackcelerator winners 5:50 AM Temasek Holdings says it remains 'significantly invested' in Alibaba 5:50 AM Europe's financial hubs on 'catwalk' for Brexit spoils 5:50 AM Breaking News 8:18 am Global Yellow Pages unit completes purchase of 38,400 sq m land in NZ 7:56 am Lifebrandz seeks trading halt pending announcements 7:45 am Trump, Duterte can't stop Philippines powering with 6% growth 7:39 am UN condemns Syria over civilian attacks 7:33 am Jobless growth triggers concern of voter backlash across India 7:31 am New Balance created its PR crisis, Neo-Nazis aren't helping 7:22 am Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected 7:16 am US House reauthorises Iran sanctions bill, sets Syria sanction 7:15 am Ford still plans to move some production to Mexico 7:11 am Dwayne Johnson named People magazine's 'sexiest man alive' Back to top Most Read 1 Malaysian ringgit plunges in offshore markets; central bank locks spot in 2 Watch for financial distress signs before it's too late: analysts 3 Reflections from the School of Life 4 Kevin Wo to replace Jessica Tan as Microsoft Singapore MD 5 Not quite what you think: the typical billionaire Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Blogs Focus Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Advertise Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2016 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Blankfein Quips Dimon Should Run Treasury for Two Reasons Dakin Campbell dakincampbell November 10, 2016 — 4:21 PM EST Updated on November 10, 2016 — 5:45 PM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Jamie Dimon. Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg Goldman CEO shrugs off his appearance in negative Trump ad He doubts Trump will revive Glass-Steagall law to split banks Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein said he sees a few “terrific aspects” to the prospect of President-elect Donald Trump asking Jamie Dimon to serve as U.S. Treasury secretary. “He would be a great Treasury secretary, and he has been a terrific competitor,” Blankfein said at a conference in New York on Thursday about his counterpart atop JPMorgan Chase & Co. “With that one move, you would kill two birds with one stone.” The joke was among many Blankfein cracked during a relaxed on-stage conversation about the U.S. election and the future of the financial industry with DealBook’s Andrew Ross Sorkin. At one point, the banker shrugged off a campaign ad days ago that showed his image while Trump’s voice promised to take down a “global power structure that is responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class.” “I have been in the press a lot from time to time, and that does not make my top-30 list of things I am concerned about,” said Blankfein, 62. ‘Market Friendly’ The CEO didn’t criticize the president-elect. Blankfein said he never wrote off Trump’s chances of winning the presidency, though it didn’t seem likely. He had expected markets to be jarred, and then rise, if the Republican prevailed over Democrat Hillary Clinton. The jarring period turned out to be surprisingly short, passing in mere hours, Blankfein noted. “The policies he’s committed to are very market- and asset-friendly,” Blankfein said. “If you look at the totality of the positions he has staked out -- spending on infrastructure, the military, more fiscal spending in excess of what Secretary Clinton’’ had called for -- “it’s really no surprise. His policies are market-supportive.” Shares of Goldman Sachs have climbed more than 10 percent since Tuesday’s election, as investors bet Trump will roll back financial regulation. In the longer term, asset prices will depend on what kind of president Trump turns out to be, Blankfein said. He expressed doubts that Trump will make good on a promise to reinstate the Depression-era Glass-Steagall law that separated commercial banks from investment banks, before it was knocked down more than a decade ago. “That omelet has been made, that toothpaste is out of the tube,” Blankfein said. Staff Voicemail Earlier in the day, Blankfein told Goldman Sachs employees in a voicemail message that Trump’s commitment to infrastructure and reforming government and taxes will be good for economic growth. He urged them to be sensitive to others’ political views and to focus on helping clients during the transition. “I know that some of you may feel uncertain, or perhaps even disheartened or uncomfortable with the outcomes of these political cycles, while others of you feel just the opposite,” Blankfein said in the message. “Amidst the changes we expect to unfold, you should stay close to our clients. Your ideas, insights and advice will prove valuable to them as circumstances evolve in the weeks and months ahead.” Trump’s advisers have raised the possibility of naming Dimon, 60, as Treasury secretary, CNBC reported on Thursday, citing unidentified people familiar with situation. One person told the broadcaster that Dimon wouldn’t be interested in the role. Mnuchin, Bannon Dimon wasn’t the only potential Treasury candidate Blankfein praised on stage. Steve Mnuchin, the Goldman Sachs alumnus who served as Trump’s national finance chairman, is a “very smart guy,” he said. “When I was running the fixed-income division, he was a high flier,” reaching senior ranks quickly at a young age, Blankfein said. “I have followed his career, and I know what he has done, but I haven’t engaged with him much since then.” Asked about another former Goldmanite, who eventually became Trump’s campaign CEO, Blankfein answered briefly: “I have never met Steve Bannon.” Watch Next: Trump's Backers Moving From Wall Street to White House? Trump's Backers: Moving From Wall Street to White House? Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories Markets Lloyd C Blankfein Jamie Dimon Donald John Trump Goldman Sachs Group Inc/The Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Dow hits record as world markets react unevenly to Trump By Afp Published: 18:01 EST, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 18:01 EST, 10 November 2016 e-mail The Dow powered to a fresh record close Thursday on continued momentum from President-elect Donald Trump's election win as the surprise result prompted swings in some global markets. The surge in the US blue-chip index reflected hopes Trump's pro-business policies will boost growth and help certain sectors. The US market's bullish response also prompted a 6.7 rise in the Japanese Nikkei, reversing significant losses the prior day. But Mexico's stocks and peso plunged for a second straight day amid fears Trump will follow through on campaign pledges he will insist on renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), as well as pressure the country pay billions of dollars for a giant border wall. The surge in the US blue-chip index reflected hopes Trump's pro-business policies will boost growth and help certain sectors ©Bryan R. Smith (AFP/File) Brazil's Bovespa also suffered a big hit, falling 3.3 percent. US investors, however, were encouraged by the tone of Trump's acceptance speech late Tuesday in which he emphasized infrastructure spending, growth and jobs and omitted any reference to trade conflicts. Analysts have warned that Trump's rise could usher in a period of great uncertainty, given campaign promises to overhaul US economic and foreign policies, including slapping huge import tariffs on China. But markets have mostly shrugged off worries so far. "We believe markets are moving as if the US will certainly enter a fiscal-driven upturn without stumbling over protectionism," said a note from JPMorgan Chase. Lloyd Blankfein, chief executive of Goldman Sachs, told a conference in New York that Trump's policies would be "market supportive" and that he was hopeful. "I'm going to see how it goes before I grow mournful," he said. - Big tech weakens - London underperformed its European peers, losing over 1 percent, as investors fled high-dividend stocks "which are looking less attractive after the pickup in US bond yields", suggested Chris Beauchamp, chief market analyst at IG. Frankfurt and Paris posted slight losses. "People wanted to catch their breath and slow down after yesterday's exceptional gains," Andrea Tueni, an analyst at Saxo Banque in Paris, told AFP. One shift in the US compared with Wednesday's immediate post-election rally was a retreat in large technology stocks. The Nasdaq finished 0.8 percent lower. Apple fell 2.8 percent, Amazon 3.8 percent, Google parent Alphabet 2.9 percent, Facebook 1.9 percent, Microsoft 2.4 percent and Netflix 5.5 percent. Analysts said the tech pullback was partly due to a rotation to other sectors and partly to worries the industry could suffer under Trump policy changes. Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities, said Trump's stance during the campaign created concerns about how new policies could affect the technology sector. "The rhetoric around the large technology companies is neutral to negative," Hogan said. "If we ever get back to that rhetoric that's more protectionist, that doesn't help people that manufacture a bunch of their products overseas, or companies that are putting smaller companies out of business." - Key figures around 2100 GMT - New York - Dow: UP 1.2 percent at 18,807.88 (close) New York - S&P 500: UP 0.2 percent at 2,167.48 (close) New York - Nasdaq: DOWN 0.8 percent to 5,208.80 (close) Sao Paulo - Bovespa: DOWN 3.3 percent at 61,200 (close) Mexico City - Bolsa: DOWN 4.6 percent at 45,224.38 (close) London - FTSE 100: DOWN 1.2 percent at 6,827.98 (close) Frankfurt - DAX 30: DOWN 0.2 percent at 10,630.12 (close) Paris - CAC 40: DOWN 0.3 percent at 4,530.95 (close) EURO STOXX 50: DOWN 0.3 percent at 3,048.65 Tokyo - Nikkei 225: UP 6.7 percent at 17,344.42 (close) Hong Kong - Hang Seng: UP 1.9 percent at 22,839.11 (close) Shanghai - Composite: UP 1.4 percent at 3,171.28 (close) Euro/dollar: DOWN at $1.0895 from $1.0914 Wednesday Pound/dollar: UP at $1.2552 from $1.2424 Dollar/yen: UP at 106.84 yen from 105.72 yen Dollar/Mexican peso: UP at 20.80 pesos from 19.82 pesos Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 61 cents at $44.66 per barrel Oil - Brent North Sea: DOWN 52 cents at $45.84 The Mexican peso, which hit a record low 20.78 against the dollar on Trump's win, strengthened Thursday but remains under pressure owing to fears about Trump's policy plans ©Yuri Cortez (AFP) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Wed, Nov 16, 2016, 12:01 PM AEDT - Australia Markets close in 3 hrs 59 mins Dow hits record as world markets react unevenly to TrumpAFP – Thu, Nov 10, 2016 11:59 PM AEDT Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo The surge in the US blue-chip index reflected hopes Trump's pro-business policies will boost growth and help certain sectors The Dow powered to a fresh record close Thursday on continued momentum from President-elect Donald Trump's election win as the surprise result prompted swings in some global markets. The surge in the US blue-chip index reflected hopes Trump's pro-business policies will boost growth and help certain sectors. The US market's bullish response also prompted a 6.7 rise in the Japanese Nikkei, reversing significant losses the prior day. But Mexico's stocks and peso plunged for a second straight day amid fears Trump will follow through on campaign pledges he will insist on renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), as well as pressure the country pay billions of dollars for a giant border wall. Brazil's Bovespa also suffered a big hit, falling 3.3 percent. US investors, however, were encouraged by the tone of Trump's acceptance speech late Tuesday in which he emphasized infrastructure spending, growth and jobs and omitted any reference to trade conflicts. Analysts have warned that Trump's rise could usher in a period of great uncertainty, given campaign promises to overhaul US economic and foreign policies, including slapping huge import tariffs on China. But markets have mostly shrugged off worries so far. "We believe markets are moving as if the US will certainly enter a fiscal-driven upturn without stumbling over protectionism," said a note from JPMorgan Chase. Lloyd Blankfein, chief executive of Goldman Sachs, told a conference in New York that Trump's policies would be "market supportive" and that he was hopeful. "I'm going to see how it goes before I grow mournful," he said. - Big tech weakens - London underperformed its European peers, losing over 1 percent, as investors fled high-dividend stocks "which are looking less attractive after the pickup in US bond yields", suggested Chris Beauchamp, chief market analyst at IG. Frankfurt and Paris posted slight losses. "People wanted to catch their breath and slow down after yesterday's exceptional gains," Andrea Tueni, an analyst at Saxo Banque in Paris, told AFP. One shift in the US compared with Wednesday's immediate post-election rally was a retreat in large technology stocks. The Nasdaq finished 0.8 percent lower. Apple fell 2.8 percent, Amazon 3.8 percent, Google parent Alphabet 2.9 percent, Facebook 1.9 percent, Microsoft 2.4 percent and Netflix 5.5 percent. Analysts said the tech pullback was partly due to a rotation to other sectors and partly to worries the industry could suffer under Trump policy changes. Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities, said Trump's stance during the campaign created concerns about how new policies could affect the technology sector. "The rhetoric around the large technology companies is neutral to negative," Hogan said. "If we ever get back to that rhetoric that's more protectionist, that doesn't help people that manufacture a bunch of their products overseas, or companies that are putting smaller companies out of business." - Key figures around 2100 GMT - New York - Dow: UP 1.2 percent at 18,807.88 (close) New York - S&P 500: UP 0.2 percent at 2,167.48 (close) New York - Nasdaq: DOWN 0.8 percent to 5,208.80 (close) Sao Paulo - Bovespa: DOWN 3.3 percent at 61,200 (close) Mexico City - Bolsa: DOWN 4.6 percent at 45,224.38 (close) London - FTSE 100: DOWN 1.2 percent at 6,827.98 (close) Frankfurt - DAX 30: DOWN 0.2 percent at 10,630.12 (close) Paris - CAC 40: DOWN 0.3 percent at 4,530.95 (close) EURO STOXX 50: DOWN 0.3 percent at 3,048.65 Tokyo - Nikkei 225: UP 6.7 percent at 17,344.42 (close) Hong Kong - Hang Seng: UP 1.9 percent at 22,839.11 (close) Shanghai - Composite: UP 1.4 percent at 3,171.28 (close) Euro/dollar: DOWN at $1.0895 from $1.0914 Wednesday Pound/dollar: UP at $1.2552 from $1.2424 Dollar/yen: UP at 106.84 yen from 105.72 yen Dollar/Mexican peso: UP at 20.80 pesos from 19.82 pesos Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 61 cents at $44.66 per barrel Oil - Brent North Sea: DOWN 52 cents at $45.84 @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Wages rose 0.4% in September quarterAAP Total hourly rates of pay, excluding bonuses, rose by 0.4 per cent in the September quarter, missing market expectations … Domino's hails 'world's first' drone pizzaAAP Trump links off to good start: TurnbullAAP Google commits to post-Brexit UKAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7548 -0.0004 -0.06% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6059 -0.0006 -0.10% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7027 -0.0013 -0.18% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Socceroos Currency Converter HMAS Darwin NZ Home loans Carrie Fisher Mortgage calculator Dwayne Johnson Budget Rent a Car WGEA pay gap Free iTunes download Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Stocks mixed as investors seek clarity on Trump policies     By Yuri Kageyama, The Associated Press November 11, 2016     Story Photos ( 2 )     Trader Daniel Porin works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016. Stocks are moving solidly higher in midday trading on Wall Street following Donald Trump's upset victory over Hillary Clinton in the U.S. presidential election. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) TOKYO - Global stocks were mixed on Friday and the dollar steadied, as investors sought greater clarity on the upcoming economic policies of President-elect Donald Trump. KEEPING SCORE: France's CAC 40 fell 0.7 per cent to 4,498, while Germany's DAX was up 0.1 per cent at 10,641. Britain's FTSE 100 shed 1 per cent to 6,761. U.S. shares appeared headed for a weaker open a day after the Dow hit a record high following a four-day streak of gains. Dow futures were down 0.3 per cent while S&P 500 futures shed 0.6 per cent. TRUMP HOPES: Investors are hopeful about some of the policy changes that may come when the Trump administration takes office in January, including tax cuts, infrastructure spending and deregulation. An improved American economy is a certain boon to close trading partners in Europe and Asia. But some analysts urged caution, noting there was still little detail on what Trump wanted to do. THE QUOTE: "Trump has not announced anything new so far, apart from reaffirming his priority to repeal and replace 'Obamacare' on top of implementing tax reforms," said Chang Wei Liang, Singapore Treasury Division at Mizuho Bank, referring to President Obama's health care program. BONDS: Investors have been pulling out of bonds, expecting Trump's policies might spur inflation, leading to higher interest rates, both of which are bad for bonds. Higher yields on bonds also would draw investors away from equity markets, pulling prices lower. ASIA'S DAY: Hong Kong's Hang Seng index lost 1.4 per cent to 22,531.09 and South Korea's Kospi fell 0.9 per cent to 1,984.43. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 added 0.2 per cent to finish at 17,374.79 after touching a half-year high in early trading as the yen fell against the dollar. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 edged up 0.8 per cent to 5,370.70. Shares in Taiwan dropped 2.1 per cent and in Indonesia they fell 3.6 per cent. The Shanghai Composite added 0.8 per cent at 3,196.04. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 61 cents to $44.05 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 53 cents to $45.31 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The U.S. currency rose to 106.28 yen from 105.33 yen late Thursday in Asia. The euro slid to $1.0877 from $1.0945. ___ Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *   Previous Next     Trader Daniel Porin works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016. Stocks are moving solidly higher in midday trading on Wall Street following Donald Trump's upset victory over Hillary Clinton in the U.S. presidential election. (AP Photo/Richard Drew)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2016         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   Royal Gold Increases Common Stock Dividend 4.4% to $0.96 per Share Cintas Recognized as an Aon Best Employer in Canada for the 9th Time SCOREART.COM Launches Exclusive Wall Art to Celebrate the Chicago Cubs Victory           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Personal Finance Media & Advertising Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Dow Surges to Fresh All-Time High on Trump-Fueled Momentum ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Dow Surges to Fresh All-Time High on Trump-Fueled Momentum By Victoria Craig Published November 10, 2016 Stocks FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print  A day after voters chose to send Donald Trump to the White House, the expectation of less austerity and more pro-business policies propelled the Dow Jones Industrial Average to a fresh all-time high. Continue Reading Below The Dow easily sailed above its previous intraday record high of 18668 points at the opening bell, rising 218 points, or 1.18% by the close of trade.  The index smashed a closing record of 18636.05 set back in August, ending the session at 18807. The broader S&P 500 was slightly higher on the session, though the Nasdaq reversed course an hour into the trading day amid a steep selloff in technology companies. The tech-heavy index dropped 42 points, or 0.81%, to 5208. It had been down more than 1% during morning trade. Shares of tech giants like Amazon (AMZN), Google (GOOGL), and Facebook (FB) plunged as worries lingered those companies could be hurt by long-term American protectionism and stricter immigration policies from a Trump administration. Ticker Security Last Change %Chg The three major averages roared back to life during the prior session, as the Dow made up for steep pre-market losses of 867 points during heightened uncertainty about the outcome of the presidential election, to finish the trading session up 256 points, or 1.4%. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq Composite indexes also ended solidly in the green after notching losses of 5% during the overnight hours. “The source of this bounce seems to be grounded in the differential between Trump’s economic and social policies,” said Joshua Mahony, IG market analyst. “With the promise of a tax repatriation scheme for multinationals, lower tax rates, and higher government spending, it seems the markets are waking up to the chance of a growth-driven economic period for the U.S.” Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT While tech shares sold off, the financials, industrials, and health care sectors led the way higher. Gains were propelled by several companies hitting fresh all-time highs including JPMorgan Chase (JPM), it’s second –straight day of records, PNC Financial Services (PNC), and Citizens Financial Group (CFG).   Ticker Security Last Change %Chg The rally in infrastructure-related investments has shown the market will react to whatever it hears from the soon-to-be President Trump, which means he will soon learn the power of his new pulpit, economists at Credit Suisse said. “An increased likelihood of a boost to infrastructure-targeted government spending is positive for the growth outlook. However, infrastructure projects take considerable time to plan and initiate, and three-quarters of U.S. infrastructure spending is done at the state and local level, not the federal level,” they explained. They therefore expect to see a spike in policy uncertainty in the short run, which could weigh on various economic measures like the purchasing manager indexes. However, to what degree they show an overly reactive pessimism, as happened in the United Kingdom immediately after the vote to exit the European Union, remains to be seen. Overall, economists at Goldman Sachs (GS) are sticking with their forecast for an annualized growth rate of 2% in 2017, though they note much of that will hinge on how businesses and financial conditions react to Trump’s forthcoming policy proposals. More on Market, Economic Reaction to 2016 Election Outcome Stocks Battle Back: Dow Flirts with Closing High After Stunning Trump Victory A New President, New Market Pattern...New Normal? Traders Betting on Big Market Swing Regardless of Election Outcome Brexit 2.0: Why the U.S. Election Could Roil Equity Markets October Payrolls Keeps Fed on Track for Winter Rate Rise Fed Avoids November Surprise, Eyes December as Rates Stay Steady “Investors may take a dimmer view on proposals to raise tariffs or otherwise restrict international trade,” they said. “Beyond the next couple of quarters, increased potential for fiscal stimulus may be the source of upside risk. Given that the U.S. economy is already close to full employment, aggressive fiscal stimulus would also point to upside inflation risks.” The potential for upside inflation would allow the Federal Reserve to continue on its rate-hike path. Investors are expecting a 0.25% increase in short-term interest rates at the conclusion of the central bank’s meeting next month. With economic prospects looking more promising than initially thought under a Trump administration, on Thursday traders continued to move away from safe-haven plays. Gold prices, which had gained as much as 5% before Trump was declared president-elect, on Thursday fell 0.56% to $1,265 a troy ounce. Prices for U.S. Treasury bonds fell thanks to the risk-on sentiment on Wall Street. The yield on the benchmark 10-year T-bond rose 0.042 percentage point to 2.106% after hitting its highest since January in the prior session. Elsewhere, the Mexican peso, which has been Wall Street’s favorite proxy for betting on Trump’s odds of success in the presidential race, found much calmer trading waters on Thursday. The currency saw losses of more than 12% against the U.S. dollar in Tuesday’s overnight hours, but had recovered to trade lower by 3.37% Thursday. Meanwhile, traders continued to bid up the greenback, which rose 0.19% against a basket of developed-market currencies, rising for the fourth-straight day.  After rising to 22 in the days leading up to the election, the VIX – commonly referred to as Wall Street’s fear gauge – a measure of investors’ expectation for future volatility, declined to 13 in aftermath of Trump’s win. On Thursday, though, as selling picked up among tech names, it climbed as high as 16. A normal level is around 12.  What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. © 2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Trump’s Transition Team Pledges to Dismantle Dodd-Frank Act Jesse Hamilton jesseahamilton Elizabeth Dexheimer November 10, 2016 — 2:07 PM EST Updated on November 10, 2016 — 3:38 PM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Trump Team Ready to Dismantle Dodd-Frank Law has allowed big banks to get even bigger, website says Goal is to replace it with rules that promote jobs and growth Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp President-elect Donald Trump is translating some of his populist campaign rhetoric into policy statements, including the contention that the Dodd-Frank Act should be scrapped because it has made Wall Street banks an even bigger threat to the nation’s economy and working families. After the government’s answer to the 2008 financial crisis, the “big banks got bigger while community financial institutions have disappeared at a rate of one per day, and taxpayers remain on the hook for bailing out financial firms deemed ‘too big to fail,’” says a statement posted on Trump’s official transition website. “The Financial Services Policy Implementation team will be working to dismantle the Dodd-Frank Act and replace it with new policies to encourage economic growth and job creation.” U.S. bank stocks climbed for a second straight day on Thursday as investors bet a Trump presidency will lead to less regulation and sideline industry critics in Congress led by Senator Elizabeth Warren. The 24-company KBW Bank Index advanced 3 percent at 3:16 p.m. in New York, led by Wells Fargo & Co., which rose 7.4 percent. Bank of America Corp. advanced 4.5 percent, while JPMorgan Chase & Co. climbed 4.4 percent. Trump Antagonist The call to scrap Dodd-Frank isn’t likely to go over well with Warren, the Wall Street scourge and Trump antagonist who said Thursday that she’d be willing to work with the incoming administration to enact economic and banking policies so long as he didn’t loosen existing rules. In remarks prepared for an AFL-CIO labor federation event in Washington, Warren cited issues they agree on, including the need to curtail Wall Street influence in politics, reinstate Glass-Steagall Act limits on banking activities and reform trade deals. “When President-elect Trump wants to take on these issues, when his goal is to increase the economic security of middle-class families, then count me in,” the Massachusetts Democrat said on Thursday. “I will put aside our differences and I will work with him to accomplish that goal.” QuickTake Q&A: What Trump Might Mean for Wall Street Reform Law In addition to repealing Dodd-Frank, Trump’s transition website outlines several policies that will be familiar to those who followed his campaign, including calls for a moratorium on new rules so existing measures can be reviewed. It also broadly addressed a tax-code overhaul, saying Trump’s plan “can be summarized as lower, simpler, fairer, and pro-growth.” The new administration’s plans for financial regulation could pull from a proposal released earlier this year by Representative Jeb Hensarling, the Texas Republican who leads the House Financial Services Committee. His bill -- dubbed the Choice Act -- calls for ripping up core parts of Dodd-Frank, including a provision that empowers the government to dismantle failed banks. He also wants to do away with Volcker Rule restrictions on banks’ trading and investments, and to weaken the reach of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Warren’s pledge offers a first glimpse of a strategy she may use next year when Republicans control the White House and both chambers in Congress. “Americans want to hold the big banks accountable,” Warren said. “If Trump and the Republican Party try to turn loose the big banks and financial institutions so they can once again gamble with our economy and bring it all crashing down, then we will fight them every step of the way.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read this next Is Trump Going to Mess With Your Investments? Seven Tips Freaked Out by the Election? Check Your 401(k) The Next 10 Years Will Be Ugly for Your 401(k) The Election Doesn’t Matter Video Stories Donald John Trump Wall Street Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
null
null
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Elections On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Parenting Pop Quiz Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Tuesday’s Taste Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 52° F Clear Hi: 64° F Lo: 48° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Elections On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Featured: McDonnell Trial Zika Latest Headlines Ex-Naval attache admits securing clearances for bribes Updated: 24 mins ago SAN DIEGO (AP) — A former U.S. Naval attache to the U.S. embassy in the Philippines illicitly secured diplomatic clearances for a Malaysian … Phoenix election official dumped for long voter lines Updated: 25 mins ago PHOENIX (AP) — The county official who took the blame for hours-long lines that plagued this year’s presidential primary in Arizona was dump… Portsmouth shooting sends one person to hospital Updated: 25 mins ago Farm acknowledges criminal negligence in fatal hayride crash Updated: 45 mins ago Petition wants Accomack Co. School Board to be elected, not appointed Updated: 46 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 52° F Clear Feels Like: 52° F Wind: WSW 5 Humidity: 77% Dewpoint: 45° F Sunrise: 6:44 AM Sunset: 4:55 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Tides Latest Headlines NC State won’t have freshman Kapita for Paradise Jam Updated: 4 mins ago RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — North Carolina State freshman Ted Kapita won’t travel with the team for this week’s Paradise Jam in the Virgin Islands.… Somber Romo: Prescott has earned right to be Cowboys QB Updated: 4 mins ago FRISCO, Texas (AP) — Tony Romo stopped a reporter in the middle of what appeared to be the first question in his first meeting with the medi… Jets’ Decker has shoulder surgery, 4 weeks after hip surgery Updated: 4 mins ago Jets’ Petty ready for whatever comes next for him after bye Updated: 44 mins ago NCAA: Graduation rates up for black men’s basketball players 6:36 pm HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Parenting Pop Quiz Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Tuesday’s Taste Latest Headlines In The Kitchen: Macadamia-Encrusted Pork Chop with Banana Caramelized Apples and Pears 1:49 pm Seasonal dish from Chef Garrett Barner from Passion the Restaurant. Reck on the Road: Blayr Barton 1:45 pm Young Virginia Beach surfer advanced to the semifinals at the Rip Curl GromSearch. Audience: Salvation Army of Hampton Roads 1:43 pm In The Kitchen: Pan Seared Bacon Wrapped Turkey Tenderloin November 14, 2016 Movie Review: Doctor Strange November 14, 2016 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 52° F Clear Hi: 64° F Lo: 48° F Dow Jones industrial average closes at a record high ALEX VEIGA, AP Business Writer Published: November 10, 2016, 4:49 pm Updated: November 10, 2016, 5:40 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE - In this Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo, the American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. Global stock markets were steady Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2016, following strong Wall Street gains the day before, as investors focused on the final hours of a tight U.S. presidential race. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File) NEW YORK (AP) — Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stocks mostly higher Thursday, propelling the Dow Jones industrial average to a record high. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index, a broader measure of the stock market, also eked out a gain, adding to a big rally the day before following Donald Trump’s presidential election victory. The Nasdaq composite closed lower, weighed down by a slide in technology companies. Bond prices slumped again, sending yields higher. “You are seeing a massive swing out of cash and fixed-income and into equities to take advantage of this pro-growth cycle that the market believes we’re beginning,” said David Lyon, global investment specialist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. The Dow climbed 218.19 points, or 1.2 percent, to 18,807.88. That’s a gain of about 1 percent from the average’s previous record high set on Aug. 15. The S&P 500 index added 4.22 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,167.48. The Dow and S&P 500 index are on a four-day winning streak. The tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 42.28 points, or 0.8 percent, to 5,208.80. Investors continued to make moves based on the bevy of possible policy changes that the Trump administration could implement once it takes over in January. Those include cutting taxes, increasing infrastructure spending and slashing government regulation of businesses. That’s particularly given a boost to financial, industrial and health care stocks, while prompting traders to sell consumer goods companies, utilities and phone companies. Investors have also continued to pull out of bonds in anticipation that Trump’s policies could usher in stronger economy and, possibly, higher inflation, both of which are bad for bonds. The sell-off in bonds continued Thursday, sending bond prices lower and kicking the yield on the 10-year Treasury note up to 2.15 percent, the highest it’s been since January, from 2.06 percent late Wednesday. That yield is a benchmark used to set interest rates on many kinds of loans including home mortgages. Traders have been selling bonds more aggressively to hedge against the possibility that interest rates, which have been ultra-low for years, could rise steadily again under Trump’s administration. That scenario would favor banks and other financial companies, one reason why the sector continued to rally Thursday. Higher interest rates help banks earn more money from lending, and years of ultra-low rates have crimped profits at big banks. JPMorgan Chase led the 30 companies in the Dow, climbing $3.40, or 4.6 percent, to $76.65. It was followed by Goldman Sachs, which rose $8.24, or 4.3 percent, to $200.87. Wells Fargo gained $3.64, or 7.6 percent, to $51.63, while Discover Financial Services added $3.31, or 5.5 percent, to $63.60. Traders also bid up shares in Macy’s and Kohl’s after the companies reported their latest quarterly results. Macy’s rose $2.1, or 5.6 percent, to $40.53. Kohl’s was the biggest gainer in the S&P 500, adding $5.27, or 11.5 percent, to $50.97. Some big names in the technology sector closed lower. Netflix slumped $6.77, or 5.5 percent, to $115.42, while Amazon.com slid $29.50, or 3.8 percent, to $742.38. Microsoft fell $1.47, or 2.4 percent, to $58.70. Shares in several phone companies also slumped. AT&T lost 87 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $36.57, while Verizon slid $1.17, or 2.4 percent, to $46.69. The major stock indexes in Europe turned lower after an early rally. Germany’s DAX slid 0.1 percent, while the CAC-40 in France fell 0.3 percent. Britain’s FTSE 100 lost 1.2 percent. Optimism that Trump’s election will improve U.S.-Russia relations helped lift the Micex index in Moscow 0.9 percent. Markets in Asia fared better. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index rocketed 6.7 percent after sliding more than 5 percent the day before. South Korea’s Kospi advanced 2.3 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng added 1.9 percent. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 surged 3.3 percent. Crude oil prices declined. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 61 cents, or 1.3 percent, to close at $44.66 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 52 cents, or 1.1 percent, to close at $45.84 a barrel in London. Other energy futures also closed lower. Wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil fell a penny to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas lost 6 cents, or 2.2 percent, to $2.63 per 1,000 cubic feet. In metals trading, the price of gold fell $7.10 to $1,266.40 an ounce, while silver added 36 cents, or 2 percent, to $18.74 an ounce. Copper rose 9 cents, or 3.7 percent, to $2.55 a pound. In currency trading, the dollar continued to strengthen Thursday. The U.S. currency rose to 106.83 yen from 105.84 yen on Wednesday, while the euro slid to $1.0890 from $1.0930. The Mexican peso continued to weaken against the dollar. One dollar bought 20.61 pesos on Thursday, more than the 19.87 pesos it bought late Wednesday. Investors worry that Trump’s anti-immigration stance and intention to repeal a trade pact with Mexico could hurt that country’s economy. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Asia shares sink as Trump reported taking lead in vote count The day after: Clinton says US owes Trump ‘chance to lead’ Trump claims astounding victory as America’s 45th president 2016 on track for hottest year on record Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Trump bets blast Dow to new high, bank sector hits 2008 levels Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Noel Randewich Nov 10th 2016 4:39PM Nov 10 (Reuters) - U.S. banking sector shares on Thursday surged to levels not seen since the midst of the 2008 financial crisis, pushing the Dow to an all-time high, while technology shares sank as Wall Street rearranged its bets to benefit from Donald Trump's presidency. The S&P 500 financial sector surged 3.70 percent to its highest since the 2008 financial crisis, bringing its gain since Trump's surprise victory in Tuesday's election to 7.9 percent, its biggest two-day gain since 2011. Shares of Wells Fargo & Co jumped 7.58 percent to their highest since January, and have now erased all of the losses incurred in the wake of a scandal over fake accounts opened by its employees. Bank of America surged 4.40 percent and JPMorgan Chase rallied 4.64 percent to a record high. Trump has sided with leading conservatives in calling for the repeal of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Financial Reform Act largely opposed by banks. "The Trump campaign did say it would repeal Dodd-Frank. Rates are higher and the yield curve is steeper. Those are all good things for the banks," said Warren West, principal at Greentree Brokerage Services in Philadelphia. 33 PHOTOS Signs from anti-Trump protests across the country See Gallery Signs from anti-Trump protests across the country A woman takes part during a protest against President-elect Donald Trump in New York City on November 9, 2016. (KENA BETANCUR/AFP/Getty Images) Demonstrators gather to rally against Donald Trump as President at the Parkman Bandstand on Boston Common in Boston on Nov. 9, 2016. (Photo by John Blanding/The Boston Globe via Getty Images) People protest outside Trump Tower following President-elect Donald Trump's election victory in Manhattan, New York, U.S., November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Andrew Kelly/TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY) Protesters hold signs during a protest against the election of President-elect Donald Trump, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016, in downtown Seattle. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren) Protesters reach Trump Tower as they march against Republican president-elect president Donald Trump in the neighborhood of Manhattan in New York, U.S., November 09, 2016. (REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz) Protestors march against Republican Donald Trump's victory in Tuesday's U.S. presidential election in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S. November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Mark Makela) People stage a protest against President-elect Donald Trump of Republican Party in front of the Trump Tower in Chicago, United States on November 9, 2016. (Photo by Bilgin S. Sasmaz/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images) A sign reading "Grab Her By The What Mr. President" lies on the ground as people gather to protest the election of Republican Donald Trump as the president of the United States outside of City Hall in Los Angeles, California, U.S. November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Patrick T. Fallon) Protesters walk during a protest against Republican president-elect Donald Trump in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Kamil Krzacznski/TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY) A protester holds a sign during a protest against Republican president-elect Donald Trump outside Trump International Hotel and Tower in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Kamil Krzacznski) Protesters hold signs in opposition to the election of Republican Donald Trump as President of the United States in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S. November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Mary Schwalm) Cristina Levert, who attended Berkeley High and who has a 17 year-old who attends Berkeley High, holds up a sign during a protest in response to the election of Republican Donald Trump as President of the United States in Berkeley, California, U.S. November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Elijah Nouvelage) A protester holds a sign during a protest against Republican president-elect Donald Trump outside Trump International Hotel and Tower in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Kamil Krzacznski) A protester holds sign that reads "Not My President" during a protest against the election of President-elect Donald Trump, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016, in downtown Seattle. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren) Felomina Cervantes, of Seattle, holds a sign that reads "Shame on You America" as she takes part in a protest against President-elect Donald Trump, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016, in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren) A protester holds a sign that reads "Dump Trump" as she takes part in a protest against the election of President-elect Donald Trump, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016, in downtown Seattle. (AP Photo/Ted S. Warren) People stage a protest against President-elect Donald Trump of Republican Party in front of the Trump Tower in Chicago, United States on November 9, 2016. (Photo by Bilgin S. Sasmaz/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images) Protestors shout slogans during a demonstratioin on 5th Avenue across from Trump Tower on November 9, 2016 in New York, after Donald Trump was elected as the next president of the US. (MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images) Hundreds protest in opposition of Donald Trump's presidential election victory on Boston Common in Boston, Wednesday evening, Nov. 9, 2016. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa) A protester holds a sign during a protest against Republican president-elect Donald Trump outside Trump International Hotel and Tower in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Kamil Krzacznski) Protesters demonstrate across the street from Trump Tower after the election selected Republican president-elect Donald Trump in New York, New York, U.S. November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Carlo Allegri) Demonstrators protest against the election of U.S. president-elect Donald Trump in front of the White House in Washington November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque) A woman holds a placard at an anti-racism protest against U.S. President-elect Donald Trump outside of the U.S. Embassy in London, Britain, November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Hannah McKay) People gather to protest the election of Republican Donald Trump as the president of the United States outside of City Hall in Los Angeles, California, U.S. November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Patrick T. Fallon) Protestors march against Republican Donald Trump's victory in Tuesday's U.S. presidential election in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S. November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/Mark Makela) Demonstrators gather before start of rally against Donald Trump as President at the Parkman Bandstand on Boston Common in Boston on Nov. 9, 2016. (Photo by John Blanding/The Boston Globe via Getty Images) Demonstrators hold signs during a rally against U.S. President-elect Donald Trump near Trump Tower in New York, U.S., on Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016. Thousands of demonstrators took to the streets in Manhattan on Wednesday night and converged on Trump Tower in Midtown to protest the election of Donald J. Trump as president.   (Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg via Getty Images) A protestor holds a placard on 5th Avenue across the street from Trump Tower on November 9, 2016, after Donald Trump won the election. (MANDEL NGAN/AFP/Getty Images) A demonstrator holds a sign and protests against Donald Trump's presidency at Washington Square Park on November 9, 2016 in New York City. (Photo by Matthew Eisman/WireImage) A demonstrator carries a placard in protest against the election of Republican Donald Trump as President of the United States, across from the Trump International Hotel & Tower in Las Vegas, Nevada, U.S. November 9, 2016. (REUTERS/David Becker) Members of the global civic movement Avaaz gather outside the White House on election night to protest against bigotry, Tuesday Nov. 8, 2016 in Washington, DC. (Molly Riley/AP Images for AVAAZ) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – Apple dropped 2.79 percent while Amazon.com fell 3.82 percent and the S&P 500 technology index fell 1.59 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 1.17 percent to end at 18,807.88, smashing through its previous record high set in August by almost 1 percent. The S&P 500 rose 0.2 percent to 2,167.48 while the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.81 percent to 5,208.80, hurt by losses in tech shares. With Thursday's gain, the Dow is up 8 percent in 2016 and the S&P 500 is up 6 percent. High-dividend sectors utilities, telecom services and consumer staples sold off by more than 2 percent as bond yields rose due to expectations of higher interest rates. The market got a lift after St. Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard said the Republican sweep of the White House and Congress could break the current gridlock over national policy in a potential boon to the U.S. economy. FindTheCompany | Graphiq Industrials trailed the financials with a 2.05 percent advance. Macy's rose 5.6 percent after the department store operator raised its full-year sales forecast and announced a partnership to monetize some of its real-estate assets. After the bell, Nordstrom reported quarterly results that sent its shares 5 percent higher while Walt Disney's quarterly report pushed its stock down 2.6 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.15-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.58-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 84 new 52-week highs and seven new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 336 new highs and 48 new lows. About 12.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, far above the 7.3 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by James Dalgleish) 10 PHOTOS Business leaders who endorse Donald Trump See Gallery Business leaders who endorse Donald Trump Steve Forbes, Chairman and Editor-in-Chief of Forbes  Photo: Reuters Peter Thiel, Venture Capitalist, co-founder of PayPal Photo: Reuters Kenneth Langone, co-founder of The Home Depot Photo: Getty Bernard 'Bernie' Marcus, co-founder and former chairman of Home Depot  Photo: Getty Pete Coors, Chairman of MillerCoors Photo: Getty Linda McMahon, formerly CEO of World Wrestling Entertainment Photo: Getty Brian France, Chairman and CEO of NASCAR Photo: Reuters Herman Cain, American author and business executive Photo: Reuters Carly Fiorina, former CEO of Hewlett-Packard Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE SHOW CAPTION + HIDE CAPTION – Tags donal trump dow jones markets technology Read Full Story Find your dream job jobs by From Our Partners Congress Gives Homeowners Who Owe Less Than $300-625K a Once-in-a-Lifetime Mortgage Bailout LowerMyBills The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 A jaw-dropping 21-month 0% intro APR credit card 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The best balance transfer credit cards of 2016 Mortgage rates hit 2.75% APR (15 yr fixed). Are you eligible? Reverse mortgages: Too good to be true? Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Obama urges homeowners to switch to 15 yr fixed If you owe less than $300k, use Obama's once-in-a-lifetime mortgage relief program Why aren't homeowners 62+ taking advantage of a Reverse Mortgage? One-stop approach to retirement investing Earn 10x the national average in your savings account CD Accounts can earn you up to 2% APY Marijuana: 15 Cities With the Most Pot Users 11 Jobs That Will Probably Survive the Next Recession 10 Job Skills That Will Get You Hired in 2017 The Cost of Child Care in Every State 25 Ridiculously Weird Items Sold Through Amazon 20 Biggest, Safest Family Cars You Can Buy Recommended For You Exclusive: Snapchat has filed confidentially for its IPO: sources Republicans and Democrats have dramatically shifted their views of the US economy since the election Bondage club operates near pre-school, church United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag The Trump bump: Why banks are up after the election Could a reverse mortgage save your retirement? Strong US retail sales reinforce December interest rate hike Buffett's Berkshire makes bet on US airlines Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,180.3916.190.75% DJIA18,923.0654.370.29% NASDAQ5,275.6257.231.10% DAX10,735.1441.450.39% HANG SENG22,323.910.000.00% NIKKEI 22517,841.52173.370.98% USD (per EUR)1.070.000.14% USD (per CHF)1.000.00-0.06% JPY (per USD)109.060.020.02% GBP (per USD)1.250.000.00% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners How to Get Rid of Varicose VeinsQuick & Dirty Tips How to Teach Your Child to Be a Gracious LoserQuick & Dirty Tips Why Were the 2016 U.S. Presidential Polls Wrong?Quick & Dirty Tips Who Said It? Jim Rohn or John WoodenSUCCESS Magazine The Secrets to Making the Best Mashed PotatoesQuick & Dirty Tips Why Positive Affirmations Could Be Ruining Your LifeSUCCESS Magazine 14 Loving Quotes About FamilySUCCESS Magazine Rohn: Happiness Is Not in the Getting, Happiness Is in...SUCCESS MagazineBy PubExchange Tue, Nov 15 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Sports Games Video Shop Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile © 2016  AOL Inc.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা മലയാളം Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile Photo Gallery Videos SPORTS Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science SHOWBIZ Red Hot Reviews Movies Glamtalk Bookworm TV Celebrity Romance Recipes Pics Video And More HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Business » International Business ﻿ Wall Street gains, bank sector surges to 2008 high Last Updated: Friday, November 11, 2016 - 02:18 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews Bank stocks and industrials surged on Thursday while Apple and other technology shares sank as Wall Street rearranged its bets to benefit from Donald Trump`s presidency. The S&P 500 financial sector <.SPSY> surged 4 percent to its highest level since the 2008 financial crisis, bringing its gain since Trump`s surprise victory in Tuesday`s election to 8.1 percent. That put it on track for its biggest two-day gain since 2011. Wells Fargo & Co jumped 7.6 percent, JPMorgan Chase rallied 4.66 percent and Bank of America surged 5.34 percent, also helped by a rise bond yields that are the result of expectations of inflationary spending by Trump. Trump has also sided with leading conservatives in calling for the repeal of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Financial Reform Act largely opposed by banks. "The Trump campaign did say it would repeal Dodd-Frank. Rates are higher and the yield curve is steeper. Those are all good things for the banks," said Warren West, principal at Greentree Brokerage Services in Philadelphia. Apple dropped 2 percent while Amazon.com fell 3.65 percent and the S&P 500 technology index <.SPLRCT> fell 1.1 percent. At 2:28 pm ET, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was up 1.39 percent at 18,847.8 points and the S&P 500 <.SPX> had gained 0.49 percent to 2,173.84. The Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 0.43 percent to 5,228.41. High-dividend sectors utilities <.SPLRCU>, telecom services <.SPLRCL> and consumer staples <.SPLRCS> sold off as bond yields rose due to expectations of higher interest rates. The market got a lift after St. Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard said the Republican sweep of the White House and Congress could break the current gridlock over national policy in a potential boon to the U.S. economy. Industrials <.SPLRCI> trailed the financials with a 2.15 percent advance. Macy`s rose 5.9 percent after the department store operator raised its full-year sales forecast and announced a partnership to monetize some of its real-estate assets. Walt Disney and Nordstrom were expected to report earnings after the market closes. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.02-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.67-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 82 new 52-week highs and 6 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 320 new highs and 40 new lows. Reuters First Published: Friday, November 11, 2016 - 02:18 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus MOST READ TOP NEWS MOST VIEWED Did this Indian businessman just surrender Rs 6,000 crore? Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 a litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 Govt to use indelible ink to crack down repeated exchanges at banks, not ATMs withdrawal Cyrus Mistry hits back at Tata Sons, says expenses rose due to Ratan Tata's jet, replacement of Nira Radia's firm 'Fake' Rs 2000, Rs 500 notes: Here are some quick ways to identify authenticity! Micro ATMs will soon be installed throughout country Demonetisation: Govt to use indelible ink mark to avoid multiple currency exchanges Demonetisation: Govt waives parking fee at airports till November 21 Demonetisation: Railways to accept Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes till Nov 24 No new security features in Rs 2000 currency notes to make them counterfeit-proof Exclusive: Zee News editor Sudhir Chaudhary talks to Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on demonetisation of Rs 500/Rs 1000 notes Related News Dow hits new record but Trump effect eases on Wall Street   Banks, healthcare lead post-election rally on Wall Street World stocks choke on US election fears, pound powers on TAGS Wall Street Dow Jones Donald Trump US elections 2016 US stocks Gallery TOP VIDEOS Demonetisation: Govt to use indelible ink mark to avoid multiple currency exchanges Micro ATMs will soon be installed throughout country Finance ministry gives instruction to increase the limit of cash withdrawal to 2500 rupees from ATM contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Red Hot Reviews Movies Glam Talk Bookworm Recipes TV Celebrity Romance Pics Videos And More Exclusive Blogs sports Cricket Football World Motorsports Golf Others Softspot Debate Blogs Exclusive Pics Videos business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business Photo Gallery India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Malayalam Kerala Districts India World Sports Movies Health NRI Photos Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2016 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video FINRA names former JPMorgan top lawyer to its board of governors Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Thu Nov 10, 2016 | 4:44pm EST FINRA names former JPMorgan top lawyer to its board of governors A sign for the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) is seen outside the offices in New York's financial district July 22, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid NEW YORK The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority named Stephen Cutler, vice chairman and former linchpin lawyer for JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), to its board of governors Thursday. He replaces Greg Fleming, Morgan Stanley's (MS.N) last head of wealth management, who resigned from the board earlier this year. FINRA's organizing rules require that the securities industry self-regulator be overseen by a board of 10 industry governors, three of whom must come from large firms. Cutler, who will step into one of the large-firm seats, has been on the regulatory side before as head of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's enforcement division. However, he has clashed with them, too. As chief counsel for JPMorgan, Cutler played a key role in the bank's $13 billion settlement with the federal government over charges that JPMorgan overstated the quality of mortgages it sold to investors in the run-up to the financial crisis. Months later at a conference sponsored by the Clearing House, Cutler said that regulation of the banks was spiraling out of control and what had become "enforcement-worthy has changed." (Reporting by Elizabeth Dilts; Editing by Leslie Adler) Next In Business News Oil rallies on output cut bets; tech, energy lead stocks up NEW YORK Oil prices jumped nearly 6 percent on Tuesday on bets OPEC members will agree to cut output, while stocks edged higher, led by technology shares that had fallen recently. Dollar hits at 11-month high after upbeat U.S. data NEW YORK The dollar rose on Tuesday to an 11-month high against a basket of currencies as a surprisingly large gain in October U.S. retail sales lifted bond yields to 10-month peaks and supported the outlook for an interest rate increase next month. Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump WASHINGTON Republican lawmakers told the top U.S. securities regulator on Tuesday they are concerned her agency will rush out new rules in the final weeks that President Barack Obama, a Democrat, holds the Oval Office. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Trump bets blast Dow to new high, bank sector hits 2008 levels By Reuters Published: 16:44 EST, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 16:44 EST, 10 November 2016 e-mail By Noel Randewich Nov 10 (Reuters) - U.S. banking sector shares on Thursday surged to levels not seen since the midst of the 2008 financial crisis, pushing the Dow to an all-time high, while technology shares sank as Wall Street rearranged its bets to benefit from Donald Trump's presidency. The S&P 500 financial sector surged 3.70 percent to its highest since the 2008 financial crisis, bringing its gain since Trump's surprise victory in Tuesday's election to 7.9 percent, its biggest two-day gain since 2011. Shares of Wells Fargo & Co jumped 7.58 percent to their highest since January, and have now erased all of the losses incurred in the wake of a scandal over fake accounts opened by its employees. Bank of America surged 4.40 percent and JPMorgan Chase rallied 4.64 percent to a record high. Trump has sided with leading conservatives in calling for the repeal of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Financial Reform Act largely opposed by banks. "The Trump campaign did say it would repeal Dodd-Frank. Rates are higher and the yield curve is steeper. Those are all good things for the banks," said Warren West, principal at Greentree Brokerage Services in Philadelphia. Apple dropped 2.79 percent while Amazon.com fell 3.82 percent and the S&P 500 technology index fell 1.59 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 1.17 percent to end at 18,807.88, smashing through its previous record high set in August by almost 1 percent. The S&P 500 rose 0.2 percent to 2,167.48 while the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.81 percent to 5,208.80, hurt by losses in tech shares. With Thursday's gain, the Dow is up 8 percent in 2016 and the S&P 500 is up 6 percent. High-dividend sectors utilities, telecom services and consumer staples sold off by more than 2 percent as bond yields rose due to expectations of higher interest rates. The market got a lift after St. Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard said the Republican sweep of the White House and Congress could break the current gridlock over national policy in a potential boon to the U.S. economy. Industrials trailed the financials with a 2.05 percent advance. Macy's rose 5.6 percent after the department store operator raised its full-year sales forecast and announced a partnership to monetize some of its real-estate assets. After the bell, Nordstrom reported quarterly results that sent its shares 5 percent higher while Walt Disney's quarterly report pushed its stock down 2.6 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.15-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.58-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 84 new 52-week highs and seven new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 336 new highs and 48 new lows. About 12.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, far above the 7.3 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Clear66° FULL FORECASTClear66° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Transportation Young professionals explore possibilities of Cross-Bay Ferry US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Republican governors delight in dominance under Donald Trump Month after father of 12 is slain, St. Petersburg family asks for help solving his murder Never mind closing Guantanamo, Trump might make it bigger Paul Ryan is set to remain as House speaker, and so are GOP tensions Women rock the boat to promote local products News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana National Paul Ryan is set to remain as House speaker, and so are GOP tensions Top News Republican governors delight in dominance under Donald Trump Never mind closing Guantanamo, Trump might make it bigger Paul Ryan is set to remain as House speaker, and so are GOP tensions Bowen: Mariano goes from college classes to legislative meetings Giuliani emerges as favorite for Trump's secretary of state Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More Bucs Fennelly: Evans silly in ending Trump protest, but cut him slack Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Fennelly: Evans ends Trump protest amid furor, but cut him slack One altruistic fan plus one returned wedding ring equals a grateful Buc Lightning opens road trip with 4-0 rout of Islanders What motivated Bucs' Mike Evans to sit during anthem to protest Trump? Jones: College Football Playoff committee has a weekend mess to mop up Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Events Interview: Neil deGrasse Tyson says Comic-Con gives him hope and Florida will be under water Top News Review: 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' is lacking movie magic Review: 'Moonlight' is a modest masterpiece, and quite possibly the best film of 2016 10 recipe ideas for holiday party punch Interview: Neil deGrasse Tyson says Comic-Con gives him hope and Florida will be under water Plans moving forward on St. Pete's Museum of the American Arts and Crafts Movement Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Corcoran's strong reforms for the Florida House Top Opinion Editorial: Abolish Hillsborough PTC; protect its mission Editorial: Lessons from an election protest Editorial: St. Petersburg right to remove street sign Editorial: Reality sets in for Trump Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Water Tampa and Cuba, once Cold War enemies, now work together to save the ocean Top News Women rock the boat to promote local products 'Moonlight' actor Andre Holland to do Q&A at Sundial in St. Petersburg Neil deGrasse Tyson is in town. Here are 3 ways to celebrate your universe. Facebook and Google take action against fake news sites Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test U.S. stocks mixed overall as Dow sets record high; oil slumps Associated Press Associated Press Thursday, November 10, 2016 4:36pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged : The upcoming Trump presidency triggered a strong rally on Wednesday that extended somewhat into trading Thursday. [Associated Press] Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stocks mostly higher Thursday, propelling the Dow Jones industrial average to a record high. Related News/Archive U.S. stock indexes close at record highs; oil up 3 Months Ago Dow Jones Industrial Average closes at a record high 4 Months Ago U.S. construction spending slumped in September 2 Weeks Ago The Standard & Poor's 500 index, a broader measure of the stock market, also eked out a gain, adding to a big rally the day before following Donald Trump's presidential election victory. The Nasdaq composite closed lower, weighed down by a slide in technology companies. Bond prices slumped again, sending yields higher. "You are seeing a massive swing out of cash and fixed-income and into equities to take advantage of this pro-growth cycle that the market believes we're beginning," said David Lyon, global investment specialist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank. The Dow climbed 218.19 points, or 1.2 percent, to 18,807.88. That's a gain of about 1 percent from the average's previous record high set on Aug. 15. The S&P 500 index added 4.22 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,167.48. The Dow and S&P 500 index are on a four-day winning streak. The tech-heavy Nasdaq lost 42.28 points, or 0.8 percent, to 5,208.80. Investors continued to make moves based on the bevy of possible policy changes that the Trump administration could implement once it takes over in January. Those include cutting taxes, increasing infrastructure spending and slashing government regulation of businesses. That's particularly given a boost to financial, industrial and health care stocks, while prompting traders to sell consumer goods companies, utilities and phone companies. Investors have also continued to pull out of bonds in anticipation that Trump's policies could usher in stronger economy and, possibly, higher inflation, both of which are bad for bonds. The sell-off in bonds continued Thursday, sending bond prices lower and kicking the yield on the 10-year Treasury note up to 2.15 percent, the highest it's been since January, from 2.06 percent late Wednesday. That yield is a benchmark used to set interest rates on many kinds of loans including home mortgages. Traders have been selling bonds more aggressively to hedge against the possibility that interest rates, which have been ultra-low for years, could rise steadily again under Trump's administration. That scenario would favor banks and other financial companies, one reason why the sector continued to rally Thursday. Higher interest rates help banks earn more money from lending, and years of ultra-low rates have crimped profits at big banks. JPMorgan Chase led the 30 companies in the Dow, climbing $3.40, or 4.6 percent, to $76.65. It was followed by Goldman Sachs, which rose $8.24, or 4.3 percent, to $200.87. Wells Fargo gained $3.64, or 7.6 percent, to $51.63, while Discover Financial Services added $3.31, or 5.5 percent, to $63.60. Traders also bid up shares in Macy's and Kohl's after the companies reported their latest quarterly results. Macy's rose $2.1, or 5.6 percent, to $40.53. Kohl's was the biggest gainer in the S&P 500, adding $5.27, or 11.5 percent, to $50.97. Some big names in the technology sector closed lower. Netflix slumped $6.77, or 5.5 percent, to $115.42, while Amazon.com slid $29.50, or 3.8 percent, to $742.38. Microsoft fell $1.47, or 2.4 percent, to $58.70. Shares in several phone companies also slumped. AT&T lost 87 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $36.57, while Verizon slid $1.17, or 2.4 percent, to $46.69. The major stock indexes in Europe turned lower after an early rally. Germany's DAX slid 0.1 percent, while the CAC-40 in France fell 0.3 percent. Britain's FTSE 100 lost 1.2 percent. Optimism that Trump's election will improve U.S.-Russia relations helped lift the Micex index in Moscow 0.9 percent. Markets in Asia fared better. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index rocketed 6.7 percent after sliding more than 5 percent the day before. South Korea's Kospi advanced 2.3 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 1.9 percent. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 surged 3.3 percent. Crude oil prices declined. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 61 cents, or 1.3 percent, to close at $44.66 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 52 cents, or 1.1 percent, to close at $45.84 a barrel in London. Other energy futures also closed lower. Wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil fell a penny to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas lost 6 cents, or 2.2 percent, to $2.63 per 1,000 cubic feet. In metals trading, the price of gold fell $7.10 to $1,266.40 an ounce, while silver added 36 cents, or 2 percent, to $18.74 an ounce. Copper rose 9 cents, or 3.7 percent, to $2.55 a pound. In currency trading, the dollar continued to strengthen Thursday. The U.S. currency rose to 106.83 yen from 105.84 yen on Wednesday, while the euro slid to $1.0890 from $1.0930. The Mexican peso continued to weaken against the dollar. One dollar bought 20.61 pesos on Thursday, more than the 19.87 pesos it bought late Wednesday. Investors worry that Trump's anti-immigration stance and intention to repeal a trade pact with Mexico could hurt that country's economy. U.S. stocks mixed overall as Dow sets record high; oil slumps 11/10/16 [Last modified: Thursday, November 10, 2016 5:25pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints Copyright: For copyright information, please check with the distributor of this item, Associated Press.      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Today's top stats MORE Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Get the News Digest app Mail Yahoo Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Search Search web Home Currency Converter Video From The Newsroom Financial Glossary Investing Market Movers Indices Currency Investor Brexit News & Opinion My Portfolios Sign in to access your portfolios Personal Finance Loans Credit Cards Insurance Savings Mortgages Pensions Bank Accounts Money Guides Compare Products Household Property Photos Small Business Earnings All Topics Small Caps Economy Market Movers Upgrades & Downgrades Newspaper Tips Ireland RSS Feeds UK Budget 2016 Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Wed, Nov 16, 2016, 01:02 GMT - UK Markets open in 6 hrs 58 mins US STOCKS-Trump bets blast Dow to new high, bank sector hits 2008 levelsReuters - UK Focus – Thu, Nov 10, 2016 21:43 GMT Share 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Companies: Wells Fargo & Company JPMorgan Chase & Co. Bank of America Corporation RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change WFC 52.59 -0.63 JPM 79.36 -0.150 BAC 20.16 +0.080 JWN 58.30 -1.25 DI6.BE 4.90 +0.179 * Financial sector logs biggest two-day gain since 2011 * Tech falls as investors shift to infrastructure * Dow ends up 1.17 pct, S&P up 0.2 pct, Nasdaq (NasdaqGS: NDAQ - news) down 0.81 pct (Updates to close of trading) By Noel Randewich Nov 10 (Reuters) - U.S. banking sector shares on Thursday surged to levels not seen since the midst of the 2008 financial crisis, pushing the Dow to an all-time high, while technology shares sank as Wall Street rearranged its bets to benefit from Donald Trump's presidency. The S&P 500 financial sector surged 3.70 percent to its highest since the 2008 financial crisis, bringing its gain since Trump's surprise victory in Tuesday's election to 7.9 percent, its biggest two-day gain since 2011. Shares (Berlin: DI6.BE - news) of Wells Fargo (Hanover: NWT.HA - news) & Co jumped 7.58 percent to their highest since January, and have now erased all of the losses incurred in the wake of a scandal over fake accounts opened by its employees. Bank of America (Swiss: BAC.SW - news) surged 4.40 percent and JPMorgan Chase (Swiss: JPM.SW - news) rallied 4.64 percent to a record high. Trump has sided with leading conservatives in calling for the repeal of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Financial Reform Act largely opposed by banks. "The Trump campaign did say it would repeal Dodd-Frank. Rates are higher and the yield curve is steeper. Those are all good things for the banks," said Warren West, principal at Greentree Brokerage Services in Philadelphia. Apple (NasdaqGS: AAPL - news) dropped 2.79 percent while Amazon.com (NasdaqGS: AMZN - news) fell 3.82 percent and the S&P 500 technology index fell 1.59 percent. The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 1.17 percent to end at 18,807.88, smashing through its previous record high set in August by almost 1 percent. The S&P 500 rose 0.2 percent to 2,167.48 while the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.81 percent to 5,208.80, hurt by losses in tech shares. With Thursday's gain, the Dow is up 8 percent in 2016 and the S&P 500 is up 6 percent. High-dividend sectors utilities, telecom services and consumer staples sold off by more than 2 percent as bond yields rose due to expectations of higher interest rates. The market got a lift after St. Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard said the Republican sweep of the White House and Congress could break the current gridlock over national policy in a potential boon to the U.S. economy. Industrials trailed the financials with a 2.05 percent advance. Macy's rose 5.6 percent after the department store operator raised its full-year sales forecast and announced a partnership to monetize some of its real-estate assets. After the bell, Nordstrom (NYSE: JWN - news) reported quarterly results that sent its shares 5 percent higher while Walt Disney's quarterly report pushed its stock down 2.6 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.15-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.58-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 84 new 52-week highs and seven new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 336 new highs and 48 new lows. About 12.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, far above the 7.3 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by James Dalgleish) Share 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print 7,000 cities around the world are way ahead of targets to cut carbon emissions Quartz - 5 hours ago Cities are home to over half the world’s population and produce around 75% of its carbon emissions, but they’re leading the way in the global fight against climate change. The 2015 Paris Climate Agreement demanded that by 2020 cities reduce their … More » - Sponsored  President LePen? France could be the next shock upset in the global spread of far-right populism Quartz - 5 hours ago Never one to miss a bandwagon when it passes, Marine Le Pen, leader of France’s far-right Front National, was one of the first European politicians to congratulate Donald Trump on his election victory. For the demagogic populist Le Pen, Trump’s win, … More » Twitter’s new solution for hate speech is to avoid it, instead of actually removing it Quartz - 5 hours ago Twitter is still shying away from tackling abuse head on. During the company’s October earnings calls, Twitter promised to unveil stricter measures against harassment come November. Today, Twitter announced it will be making it easier for users to … More » Inflation in surprise slip to 0.9% in October but rise looms Sky News - 5 hours ago The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said the surprise slip in the headline consumer measure, from 1% in September, was down to lower rates of cost growth in clothing and tuition fees compared with a year earlier. Costs for raw materials and … More » - Sponsored  Oil is soaring Business Insider UK Finance - 8 hours ago Oil prices surged more than 4% on Tuesday, after a Reuters story raised expectations that the OPEC nations will agree production cuts. … More » Vodafone Sales Hurt by Falling Pound Morningstar UK - 8 hours ago Vodafone (VOD) reported fiscal first-half results that continue to be hurt by negative currency moves. The firm’s reported revenue fell 3.9% year over year, versus our full-year projection of a 4.4% gain. However, group service revenue grew 2.3% on … More » The top 10 postcodes for buy-to-let investments revealed - and Luton leads the way Yahoo Finance UK - 8 hours ago It might not be the first place on everyone’s list of property hot spots but Luton is top the pile for the getting the best returns on buy-to-let investments. … More » - Sponsored  Are European Banking Stocks Cheap Enough to Buy? Morningstar UK - 9 hours ago This is especially true for European bank holders who are still down 67% since the peak of the financial crisis. As advocates of value investing, the key question is whether bank stocks are a value opportunity or a value trap. If bank stocks have … More » What's the story in Balamory today? There's a property for sale for £395,000 Yahoo Finance UK - 9 hours ago The former bank building sits in the middle of Main Street in Tobermory, Isle of Mull, which was the setting for the show starring the likes of Miss Hoolie, Josie Jump and Archie the Inventor. Balamory enchanted young viewers in the mid-2000s with … More » More than $7 trillion of global government debt isn’t as safe as it once seemed, Moody’s warns Quartz - 9 hours ago Governments have spent 2016 grappling with an upheaval in politics as populist movements sweep across Europe and the US. But it’s also been a problematic year for governments around the world in another way: their credit ratings. Moody’s Investors … More » - Sponsored  A Princeton historian on how textbooks of the future will explain the madness of the 2016 US election Quartz - 10 hours ago The 2016 US election was a transformative moment in US history. There is much uncertainty about what president-elect Donald Trump’s term will bring. But future history books are likely to argue that his victory reflects several key developments in … More » The pound dived after Britain's shock inflation numbers Business Insider UK Finance - 10 hours ago The pound took a dive in mid-morning trading on Tuesday after the latest inflation data from the Office for National Statistics missed the forecasts of economists. The ONS said that the UK's consumer price index — the key measure of inflation — was … More » People are getting sick of working in the “sharing” economy Quartz - 11 hours ago We may have already reached peak “sharing” economy. Average monthly earnings on “labor” platforms such as Uber, which use technology to match workers (like drivers) to people who need a service (like riders), peaked in June 2014, according to new … More » - Sponsored  Thousands of Tube staff vote for strike action in separate disputes Sky News - 11 hours ago London Underground staff have voted to strike in separate disputes over staffing, safety and industrial relations. The Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) said 85% of station and platform staff who have voted backed walkouts over staffing and … More » The world is awash in affordable, pointless VR devices Quartz - 11 hours ago Last week, Google’s new Daydream View VR headset was released. It’s been getting mixed reviews. Some people love that it’s affordable, not made of cardboard, and comes with a handy little remote, while others are less convinced about having to strap … More » Young tax disc tycoon makes £2 MILLION on property deal... aged just 14! Yahoo Finance UK - 12 hours ago A teenage tycoon has reportedly become a millionaire aged just 14 after a property deal netted him a fortune. … More » - Sponsored  11.6 million Britons are still paying for last Christmas with average debt more than £500 Yahoo Finance UK - 13 hours ago More than 11.6 million Britons are still paying off last Christmas even as this year’s festive shopping season begins to get into top gear. Of those who borrowed money last Christmas and still haven’t cleared it, one in five say they still owe more … More » Donald Trump tried to sweet-talk Theresa May by telling her she’ll be Thatcher and he’ll be Reagan Quartz - 13 hours ago Before the UK voted for Brexit, US president Barack Obama warned that doing so would put the country in the “back of the queue” for trade talks with the US. Britons ignored him and voted to leave the European Union anyway. Britain had hoped to fare … More » Anatomy of an online consumer: 6 ways bricks and clicks are transforming shoppers and shopping Yahoo Finance UK - 13 hours ago It has identified six ways online shoppers are influencing what retailers are doing. Some 90% of all UK retail sales ‘‘touched’’ a physical sale store last year through “click and collect” services or online purchases resulting from browsing … More » - Sponsored  Donald Trump may push African countries away from America and closer to China Quartz - 14 hours ago A Donald Trump presidency might push Africa in the direction of China. While China is a newer partner to Africa than the United States, it plays a powerful role as a counterexample. Many African governments see China as an model of a country that … More » Inflation in the UK saw a shock fall Business Insider UK Finance - 15 hours ago Inflation in the UK witnessed a shock fall in October, according to the latest data released by the Office for National Statistics on Tuesday. The ONS said that the UK's consumer price index — the key measure of inflation — was down to 0.9% … More » Yet another Help to Buy Isa hitch: bank delays in issuing statements Telegraph - 16 hours ago Yet another Help to Buy Isa hitch: bank delays in issuing statements … More » 10 things you need to know in markets today Business Insider UK Finance - 18 hours ago The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at an all-time high overnight, extending its post-election rally but losing grip of early gains. Global bonds sold off again, sending Treasury yields to their highest levels of this year as investors continued … More » Prime Minister urges companies to help those 'left behind' Sky News - 18 hours ago Theresa May has urged companies to work with the Government to help those "left behind" by globalisation. As the UK gets ready for Brexit, and Donald Trump prepares to be inaugurated as United States president, Mrs May noted that "a change is in … More » Questor: Buy Manx Telecom for a Man-sized dividend supported by robust cashflow Telegraph - 18 hours ago Questor: Buy Manx Telecom for a Man-sized dividend supported by robust cashflow … More » - Sponsored  Show More Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg GBP to USD 1.2456 +0.0008 +0.07% GBP/USD GBP to EUR 1.1598 -0.0008 -0.07% GBP/EUR GBP to JPY 135.7610 +0.099 +0.07% GBP/JPY More Currencies » Commodities Commodities Name Price Change % Chg BrentCrude 46.88 -0.07 -0.15% Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financ Gold 1,228.10 +3.60 +0.29% Gold Dec 16 Silver 17.10 +0.06 +0.33% Silver Dec 16 Copper 2.51 0.00 +0.02% Copper Dec 16 More Commodities » TOP TRADING PROVIDER Trade now Create account for free with the No.1 spread betting and CFD provider. Losses can exceed deposits. More » Featured Content Enlarge Photo Our imaginary hedge fund of “Trump trades” is making an absolute killing Quartz - 21 hours ago This is the worst year for IPOs of US companies since the Great Recession Quartz - Mon, Nov 14, 2016 11:01 GMT Sponsored  Ask James: How can I start up a business again from scratch with a small income? Yahoo Finance UK - Mon, Nov 14, 2016 11:13 GMT Here's a sneak peek of Leonardo DiCaprio’s eco-resort in Belize Yahoo Finance Canada - Thu, Nov 10, 2016 17:26 GMT View Photos These are the best countries for freedom of speech Fri, Nov 11, 2016 13:42 GMT Are you buying into the 'Trump dividend?' asks - Zak Mir feed_manager_auto_publish_494--autopubtest_WPTUMBLR_485 - Thu, Nov 10, 2016 13:24 GMT Sponsored  View Photos Checking in: Unique Airbnb picks of the week Tue, Nov 8, 2016 19:08 GMT 'You'd think after 53 years in the City, I would have experienced everything, not so'- says David Buik Yahoo Finance UK - Fri, Nov 11, 2016 11:57 GMT 16 giant infrastructure projects that could reshape the world Business Insider - Mon, Nov 7, 2016 16:23 GMT View Photos The top 12 cities with the best reputations in the world Mon, Nov 7, 2016 12:58 GMT Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Home Investing Brexit News & Opinion My Portfolios Personal Finance Property Small Business Also on Yahoo Answers Cars Games Lifestyle Movies News Celebrity Sport TV Travel All Yahoo Services » Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - News Network
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Technology1 If You Think Tesla Scares Detroit, Wait 'till You See This Google2 How to Double Your Money with Google Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Stocks0 How to Pick Infrastructure Stocks in a "Trumped Up" Market Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Trading Strategies0 A Simple, Powerful Strategy to Beat the Hedge Funds at Their Own Game The Fed5 Here's the Terrifying Endgame of Global Central Banking Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Bonds0 This Quietly Rising Blue Line Spells Disaster for the Credit Markets Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options0 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Bitcoin1 The Truth About the "Secret" Currency That Could Replace the U.S. Dollar Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Trading Strategies0 Wall Street Is Terrified You'll Discover These Three Profit Secrets Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Energy4 Two Kinds of Companies Will Profit from Argentina's Move Oil0 The OPEC Oil Deal Is on the Brink of Collapse, and This Is the (Unexpected) Culprit Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Harvest of Flame: Our Favorite Farming Play Just Grabbed a Hot Business With a 90% Growth Rate Rural Funds Group (ASX: RFF) – the high-yielding Australian farming REIT we recommended back on Oct. 14 – is adding 12,000 acres of cotton operations to its holdings. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Technology1 If You Think Tesla Scares Detroit, Wait 'till You See This Google2 How to Double Your Money with Google Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Stocks0 How to Pick Infrastructure Stocks in a "Trumped Up" Market Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Trading Strategies0 A Simple, Powerful Strategy to Beat the Hedge Funds at Their Own Game The Fed5 Here's the Terrifying Endgame of Global Central Banking Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Bonds0 This Quietly Rising Blue Line Spells Disaster for the Credit Markets Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options0 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Bitcoin1 The Truth About the "Secret" Currency That Could Replace the U.S. Dollar Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Trading Strategies0 Wall Street Is Terrified You'll Discover These Three Profit Secrets Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Energy4 Two Kinds of Companies Will Profit from Argentina's Move Oil0 The OPEC Oil Deal Is on the Brink of Collapse, and This Is the (Unexpected) Culprit Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Surges to All-Time Closing High Message: URL: http://mney.co/2fG3uYr  −  six  =  zero Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Surges to All-Time Closing High Message: URL: http://mney.co/2fG3uYr  +  nine  =  13 Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Dow Jonesno responses Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Surges to All-Time Closing High By Garrett Baldwin, Economist, Money Morning • November 10, 2016 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  ×  3  =  twenty one Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter The Dow Jones Industrial Average surged Thursday as exuberance about a Donald Trump presidency sent stocks to all-time records. That's right, the Dow Jones hit an all-time high as investors continue to pour money into equities. Just days ago, pundits were predicting that Trump would fuel a massive sell-off that would cripple the equity markets. Now, we're seeing stocks at levels never seen before in the history of the markets. Let's look at the final numbers Thursday for the Dow, S&P 500, and Nasdaq:  Dow Jones: 18,807.88; 218.19; 1.17% S&P 500: 2,167.48; 4.22; 0.20% Nasdaq: 5,208.80; -42.28; -0.81% Now, here's a look at today's most important market events and stocks, plus a preview of Friday's economic calendar. DJIA Today: The Dow Surges 218 Points As Trump Euphoria Sets In The Dow Jones surged another 218 points to an all-time closing high after investors erased concerns about Donald Trump's presidential election victory. The market swing is reminiscent of the sharp downturn and strong rebound of the global markets after Britain voted in June to leave the European Union. With markets on a strong run, our readers are now asking us, "What are the best stocks to buy when Trump is president?" [Editor's Note: We outline three must-own defense stocks, here.] On the governmental front, investors are eyeing reports that Trump may consider JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon for the role of Treasury Secretary. But that wasn't what sent the financial sector up another 4% today. It is the expectation that President-elect Trump will not hinder an interest rate hike in December and expectations that Trump's proposed fiscal policy plans with Congress will spur greater inflation. Special Report: Cannabis Is the Gold Rush of the 21st Century — 30 Stocks to Invest in Now. Read More… New President-elect Donald Trump has stressed his full-throttled opposition to Obamacare. Despite the overwhelming support to repeal the bill, Trump must find a way to ensure that it is replaced by a healthcare plan that works for all Americans. There are three ways Trump can end Obamacare with his newfound executive power. Check them out, right here. The price of crude oil was falling today as traders focused on OPEC's production deal as the global energy cartel plans to meet later this month. Doubts remain over whether OPEC will be able to get countries like Russia to join its production cuts or to prevent increased squabbling between Saudi Arabia and Iran. The WTI crude oil price today fell 1.7%, while the Brent crude oil price dipped 1.4%. But the big news is again the U.S. election. On Thursday, President-elect Donald Trump met in the Oval Office with President Barack Obama to discuss transition strategy and unity between the two political parties. It was the first time that the two ever had a conversation and met face-to-face. Washington is still shocked by the Republican sweep of the White House and the legislative branch. In fact, one of the most surprising facts about the race was that Hillary Clinton outspent Trump by a 2:1 margin. Here's a breakdown of campaign money, right here. Of course, investors are looking for the best way to capitalize on the Trump presidency. That's why investors should read more about the best investments for when Trump is president. Money Morning Director of Tech & Venture Capital Research Michael A. Robinson said U.S. and global markets will likely experience some instability over the next several weeks as Tuesday's election results sink in. But Robinson explains that he has found the perfect investment to own over the next four years as Trump faces a relentless challenge on the global front. [Editor's Note: Read all about this profit-gushing fund, right here.] Top Stock Market News Today, Nov. 10, 2016 In earnings news, shares of Macy's Inc. (NYSE: M) rallied more than 5% despite news that the company fell short of Wall Street earnings expectations. The firm reported earnings per share (EPS) of $0.17 on top of $5.626 billion in revenue. Analysts had expected an EPS of $0.41 on $5.64 billion in revenue. Both figures are a steep decline from previous profit and revenue levels in the same quarter of 2015. Shares of Walt Disney Co. (NYSE: DIS) are in focus as the global entertainment company prepares to release earnings after the bell. Wall Street analysts expect that the company will see a small decline in profits compared to the same quarter in 2015. The big question is how much the company has been able to defend its balance sheet from a sharp decline in cable subscriptions on ESPN and ratings for Monday Night Football. Meanwhile, the biotech sector continues to rally following the defeat of Hillary Clinton. Shares of Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) rallied 4.2% after Reuters reported the company plans to sell or spin off its consumer health division, which includes brands like Chapstick and Advil. Markets expect that a deal could fetch the company at least $14 billion. The iShares Nasdaq Biotechnology ETF (Nasdaq: IBB) gained another 1.6% as investors in the sector cheer the Trump upset. It was another brutal day for gun stocks. Sturm Ruger & Co. Inc. (NYSE: RGR) and Smith & Wesson Holding Corp. (Nasdaq: SWHC) fell by 8.8% and 12.1%, respectively. With Republicans firmly in control of the executive, legislative and soon judicial branches, don't expect any gun-control reforms or threats to the Second Amendment in the next four years. After the bell, look for earnings reports from NVIDIA Corp. (Nasdaq: NVDA), Michael Kors Holdings Ltd. (NYSE: KORS), and Nordstrom Inc. (NYSE: JWN). Friday's U.S. Economic Calendar (all times EST) Consumer Sentiment at 10 a.m. Stanley Fischer speaks at 11 a.m. Baker Hughes Rig Count at 1 p.m. Up Next: How to Make a Killing… When Everyone Else Is Panicking Follow Money Morning on Facebook and Twitter Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: dow jones today Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 7  +  nine  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Harvest of Flame: Our Favorite Farming Play Just Grabbed a Hot Business With a 90% Growth Rate Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading StrategiesHow to Invest After the Election ElectionThe One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today StocksThe Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Stocks1This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You TechnologyTuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech StocksHow to Pick Infrastructure Stocks in a "Trumped Up" Market Economic Data5The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading StrategiesTwo Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" EnergyWhat President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin ElectionThe Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution StocksThis Long-View Play Will Make You (and Your Grandchildren) Rich The Fed2What Every Investor Needs to Know Between Now and 2017 EarningsHow You Can Win This Ugly Earnings "Baseball" Game Latest News November 15, 2016 By Casey Wilson Leave a Comment Peter Thiel Is Trump's Key to Unlocking Silicon Valley November 15, 2016 By Money Morning News Team Leave a Comment Biggest Stock Market Crash Indicators of 2016 November 15, 2016 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Climbs as Energy Stocks Soar Related Content Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Climbs as Energy Stocks Soar Dow Jones Industrial Average Today on Pace for Another Record High Dow Jones Industrial Average Continues to Climb After Trump Victory Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Within Reach of 19,000 Level Trending Posts 12161 Reads 1365 Likes How the Donald Trump Tax Plan Will Work The Donald Trump tax plan will significantly change the U.S. tax code. Here's what it means for you and businesses across the U.S... 7058 Reads 86 Likes 5 Marijuana Stocks to Watch in 2017 Our marijuana stocks to watch in 2017 list includes five stocks to keep an eye on. Here’s everything you need to know about these stocks and the booming industry. Today's Markets DJIA 54.37 (0.29%) 18,923.06 NASDAQ 57.22 (1.10%) 5,275.62 S&P 16.19 (0.75%) 2,180.39 M 0.17 (0.41%) 41.39 DIS 0.22 (0.22%) 97.70 PFE 0.15 (0.46%) 32.23 IBB -1.76 (0.60%) 291.33 RGR 1.90 (3.74%) 52.65 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2016 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us
null
null
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Dow Reaches Record Closing High But Nasdaq Pulls Back - U.S. Commentary 11/10/2016 4:16 PM ET Following the broad based rally seen in the previous session, stocks turned in a mixed performance during trading on Thursday. While the Dow advanced to a new record closing high, the tech-heavy Nasdaq ended the day firmly in negative territory. The Dow jumped 218.19 points or 1.2 percent to 18,807.88 and the S&P 500 rose 4.22 points or 0.2 percent to 2,167.48, but the Nasdaq slid 42.28 points or 0.8 percent to 5,208.80. The jump by the Dow was partly due to substantial gains by JPMorgan (JPM) and Goldman (GS), which was indicative of strength throughout the financial sector amid optimism about reduced regulation under Trump. Reflecting the strength in the financial sector, the Dow Jones Banks Index soared by 4.7 percent and the NYSE Arca Broker/Dealer Index shot up by 3.7 percent. Dow component Pfizer (PFE) also posted a standout gain after a report from Reuters said the drug giant is evaluating a potential sale or spin-off of its consumer health division that could value the unit at as much as $14 billion. Along with financial stocks, biotechnology, oil service, transportation, and steel stocks also added to recent gains amid optimism they will benefit in the new Trump administration. Meanwhile, Apple (AAPL) and Microsoft (MSFT) posted notable losses on the day, weighing on the tech-heavy Nasdaq. Gold stocks also came under pressure, dragging the NYSE Arca Gold Bugs Index down by 7.8 percent. The weakness in the sector came as the price of gold for December delivery slid $7.10 to $1,266.40 an ounce. Significant weakness was also visible among utilities stocks, which have fallen sharply along with treasuries following Trump's upset victory. Semiconductor, software, internet and stocks also showed notable declines, reflecting overall weakness in the tech sector. On the U.S. economic front, the Labor Department released a report before the start of trading showing a bigger than expected drop in initial jobless claims in the week ended November 5th. The report said initial jobless claims fell to 254,000, a decrease of 11,000 from the previous week's unrevised level of 265,000. Economists had expected jobless claims to edge down to 263,000. Other Markets In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region saw substantial strength during trading on Thursday. Japan's Nikkei 225 Index soared by 6.7 percent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index jumped by 1.9 percent. Meanwhile, the major European markets moved to the downside over the course of the session. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index slumped by 1.2 percent, the French CAC 40 Index and the German DAX Index dipped by 0.3 percent and 0.2 percent, respectively. In the bond market, treasuries extended the sell-off that was seen in the previous session. Subsequently, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, rose by 4.5 basis points to a new ten-month closing high of 2.117 percent. Looking Ahead Trading activity on Friday may be somewhat subdued due to the Veterans Day holiday, although investors may react to a report on consumer sentiment as well as a speech by Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer. On the earnings front, entertainment giant Disney (DIS) is among the companies releasing their quarterly results after the close of today's trading. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Forget Canada: The Best Places To Flee Trump's America More Top Stories UPS Strike Could Put Wrench In Holiday Shipping Find McRib With Your Phone Stocks Close Mostly Higher Following Upbeat Retail Sales Data - U.S. Commentary Obama's Job Approval Rating Jumps To Four-Year High Americans Optimistic Trump Will Improve The Economy Tech CEO Threatens To Shoot President-Elect Trump Giuliani Reportedly New Favorite To Be Secretary Of State Major Averages Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Nasdaq And S&P 500 Move Higher But Dow Gives Back Ground - U.S. Commentary Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances U.S. Business Inventories Rises Less Than Expected In September AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel Putin Calls Trump, Agrees To Work To Mend "extremely Unsatisfactory" Ties <<Previous        57 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates Vodafone Slips To Pre-Tax Loss On Hefty India Charge; Narrows FY View Merck KgaA Lifts FY16 Earnings View As Q3 Results Climb, Stock Up Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone Amaya Gets Huge Buyout Bid From Former CEO Zuckerberg: Facebook Hoax News Did Not Get Trump Elected Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Siemens To Buy Mentor Graphics For $4.5 Bln Enterprise Value Nasty Gal Files For Bankruptcy ADAP Surges As FDA Lifts Clinical Hold, OCUL Catches Eyes, RegeneRx On The Rise AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet Forget Canada: The Best Places To Escape Trump's America ANTH Plunges As Lupus Trial Fails, BMY's Opdivo Is At It Again, FDA Nod For GILD Pfizer : IBRANCE Approved In Europe To Treat HR+/HER2- Metastatic Breast Cancer Engie 9-month EBITDA Declines - Quick Facts FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Google Rejects EU Antitrust Charges Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Allianz Stock Climbs On Q3 Profit Growth, Confirms FY16 Profit View Walt Disney Q4 Profit Down - Update Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Walmart Introduces Black Friday 2016 Deals; Walmart App's Deals Start Today Vivendi Turns To Profit In Q3, Revenues Up; Maintains View K+S Group Posts Q3 Negative EBIT I; Cuts 2016 EBIT I View Frankfurt Airport Oct. Passenger Traffic Down 0.3% - Quick Facts Lanxess Q3 Profit Up 51.2%; Again Raises 2016 Earnings Outlook - Quick Facts Aareal Bank Raises FY16 Guidance For Operating Profit - Quick Facts Siemens Q4 Profit Rises; Sees Modest Growth In Revenue Stada Arzneimittel Q3 Profit Down 50% - Quick Facts SMA Solar Posts Net Profit In 9 Months, Sales Rise; Confirms FY16 View Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Jobs Bestride Real Estate Classifieds E-Edition Subscriber Services Account Register Login Subscribe About Access E-Edition DMG Rewards Manage Subscription Customer Service Live chat Newsletters Manage Account Log Out Columbus, Ohio • Nov 15, 2016 • 50° Clear The Columbus Dispatch News RSS Feeds Podcasts News Topics Business Crime & Safety Education Environment Government & Politics Legal Notices Local Lottery Medicine & Health Obituaries Offbeat Religion Science Special Reports US & World Weather Corrections   News Blogs -Browse by Topic- Business Columbus Education From the editor Local history Politics Public records Religion Science and environment News Blog Directory Commentary Alan D. Miller Theodore Decker John Switzer Sports RSS Feeds Podcasts College Sports Ohio State Sports at BuckeyeXtra.com Other Colleges High School High School Sports Other Sports Outdoors Pro Sports NHL: Blue Jackets at BlueJacketsXtra.com MLS: Crew MiLB: Clippers MLB: Reds & Indians NBA: Cavaliers NFL: Bengals & Browns Golf Auto Racing Sports Blogs -Browse by Sport- Blue Jackets Buckeye football Buckeye men's basketball Buckeye women's basketball Clippers Crew Golf High school sports Sports Blog Directory Commentary Michael Arace Bob Hunter Rob Oller Opinion RSS Feeds Podcasts Editorials Today's staff editorials 7-day archive Editorial Cartoons Recent Nate Beeler Cartoons Searchable Archive   Letters to the Editor Today's letters and web-only letters 30-day archive Submit your letter Op-Ed Columns Today's columns 30-day archive Life & Entertainment RSS Feeds Podcasts Life Topics Contests Fashion & Style Food Home & Garden Horoscopes Pets DispatchClassifieds.com Puzzles Travel Weekly Ads Entertainment Books Celebrities Dining Events Movies Music Television Theater Life Blogs -Browse by Topic- Cycling Food For kids Joe Blundo Pop culture Old houses Pets Real estate Theater Life & Entertainment Blog Directory Commentary Joe Blundo Advice Columns Reader Columns Services Customer Service Manage Subscription Live chat Call Service: 1-877-734-7728 Call Billing: 1-866-790-7748 Subscription Home delivery E-Edition Submissions Obituaries In Memoriams Celebration Announcements (ceremonies, engagements, etc.) Letters to the Editor Entertainment Events at ColumbusAlive.com DMG Rewards Current Rewards Advertising Place an Ad Media Kit Other Services Weekly Ads Coupons Columbus Savvy Shopper Dispatch Events Newspapers in Education Contact Need help? Visit our FAQ page or use our Contact Form. Customer Service Need help? Try our live chat or online customer service. For service, call 1-877-734-7728. For billing, call 1-866-790-7748. For other inquiries, use our Contact Form or Staff Directory. Subscriptions Subscribe to The Dispatch online or call 1-877-734-7728. Advertising To place help wanted ads, call 614-888-8888 or visit ColumbusJobs.com For private seller and classified advertising, call 614-888-8888 or visit DispatchClassifieds.com. For retail advertising, call 614-461-5500 or email us. For national advertising, call 614-461-5199. For online advertising, call 614-461-5143 or email us. Newsroom To send news tips, use our News Tip Form or call 614-461-5200. Visit our Staff Directory. Use our Contact Form, or call 614-461-5200. Dispatch Careers Visit dispatch.com/careers or call 614-461-5033. Fax 614-461-5565. Interested in delivering The Dispatch or The Bag? Check out dispatch.com/delivery or dispatch.com/bagdelivery. Subscribe Total Access Enjoy the convenience of home delivery plus Digital D. Sign up for our BEST VALUE today! Select Digital D Online? On the go? Enjoy unlimited premium dispatch.com content plus the E-Edition for computer and iPad. Select Home Delivery Award-winning journalism conveniently delivered to your home. Choose the custom package best suited for you! Select E-Edition Weekly Ads Video Photos Data Obituaries Hot Links: no title Predict OSU-Michigan State Columbus Zoo: polar bear cubs Pipeline protester Planned Parenthood Ohio superintendents Snowplow drivers Home News As oil slumps, U.S. stocks mostly higher in afternoon trading Local Columbus Zoo welcomes 2 new polar bear cubs, says goodbye to another Man who was pushed down Ohio Union steps says criminal charges unnecessary One killed after high-speed chase, standoff in Delaware County Judge grants probation to 71-year-old woman who vandalized Planned Parenthood building Columbus health board approves new backyard agriculture regulations Protester removed from Downtown intersection, charged Columbus seeks input for long-range transportation plan Paula Abdul, New Kids, Boyz II Men set May 12 show at Value City Arena Justice Insider: Did fear of impounding drive woman mad? Theodore Decker commentary: Finally, a fish-pond victory over heron nemesis More Local Stories US & World Q&A | Election brings white nationalism to forefront Army Corps: Latest oil pipeline delay is purely political Alleged $2 million bribe detains Russian minister Cows in viral video that were stranded by New Zealand quake are rescued FBI: Hate crimes against Muslims up by 67 percent More US & World Stories Get Email Updates Sign Up Local Stories from ThisWeek Columbus could enact kibosh on 'hotels' in some areas Shoemaker: Modular use won't fix Groveport Madison's problem Columbus next to tighten smoking restrictions University, seminary start work of reuniting Big Walnut will make do for now after ballot defeat Trainees show they can handle a crisis Senior voter, poll worker savor involvement in election Changes putting graduations at risk Penzone appeals mandate for right of way More Articles By ALEX VEIGA Associated Press  •  Thursday November 10, 2016 3:50 PM Enlarge Image Request to buy this photo Mary Altaffer | AP This Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, photo shows the New York Stock Exchange at sunset, in lower Manhattan. Stocks are opening higher on Wall Street, Thursday, Nov. 10, 2016, as the rebound in share prices around the world continued two days after the election of Donald Trump as the next U.S. president. Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stocks mostly higher in late-afternoon trading Thursday, putting the Dow Jones industrial average on course to close at a new high. Consumer-focused companies, utilities and telecom stocks were among the biggest decliners. The market was coming off a big rally following the election of Donald Trump as the next U.S. president. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow climbed 256 points, or 1.4 percent, to 18,846 as of 3:12 p.m. Eastern time. The average was up more than 200 points from its last record-high close on August 15. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 9 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,173. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index lost 22 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,228. TRUMP BOUNCE: The upcoming Trump presidency, which will commence on Jan. 20, triggered a strong rally on Wednesday that extended somewhat into trading Thursday. Traders were focusing on Trump's promises to boost U.S. economic growth through infrastructure spending and by cutting red tape, rather than uncertainties such as what he might do with trade agreements. Before the election, markets had been worried about a Trump presidency because his campaign promises carried few policy details, making him an unknown quantity compared with rival Hillary Clinton. THE QUOTE: "We had a gangbuster day yesterday; call it a Trump rally," said Doug Cote, chief market strategist for Voya Investment Management. "Today we're having a little breather, a little rest, but the key thing that will also keep the market going is the S&P 500 corporate earnings for the third quarter are positive for the first time in six quarters." BANKS SURGE: Banks and other financial companies got a boost amid speculation that a Trump presidency could result in higher interest rates and less government regulation. JPMorgan Chase climbed $3.51, or 4.8 percent, to $76.76. Goldman Sachs rose $11.36, or 5.9 percent, to $203.99. Wells Fargo gained $3.74, or 7.8 percent, to $51.74, while Discover Financial Services added $3.06, or 5.1 percent, to $63.35. BETTER QUARTER: Macy's rose 6.4 percent after the department store chain raised its sale outlook for the year, citing improved business in the third quarter. The stock gained $2.44 to $40.82. BRIGHT OUTLOOK: Kohl's surged 11.7 percent after the retailer said it sees positive trends heading into the upcoming holiday shopping season. The stock added $5.36 to $51.06. TECH SLIDE: Some big names in the technology sector were trading lower. Netflix slumped $6.41, or 5.3 percent, to $115.78, while Amazon.com slid $27.61, or 3.6 percent, to $744.27. Microsoft fell 82 cents, or 1.4 percent, to $59.35. NO DIAL TONE: Phone companies were trading lower, part of a sell-off in telecom and other safe-haven stocks. AT&T lost 89 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $36.55, while Verizon slid $1.14, or 2.4 percent, to $46.72. T-Mobile US lost $1, or 1.9 percent, to $52.01. MIXED RESULTS: Novavax slumped 19.4 percent after the biopharmaceutical company reported third-quarter revenue that fell short of financial analysts' forecasts. The stock slid 33 cents to $1.37. BONDS: The sell-off in bonds continued, sending bond prices lower and kicking up the yield on the 10-year Treasury note to 2.12 percent, the highest it's been since January, from 2.06 percent late Wednesday. That yield is a benchmark used to set interest rates on many kinds of loans including home mortgages. Traders have been selling bonds more aggressively to hedge against the possibility that interest rates, which have been ultra-low for years, could rise steadily again under Trump's administration. MARKETS OVERSEAS: The major stock indexes in Europe turned lower after an early rally. Germany's DAX slid 0.1 percent, while the CAC-40 in France fell 0.3 percent. Britain's FTSE 100 lost 1.2 percent. Optimism that Trump's election will improve U.S.-Russia relations helped lift the Micex index in Moscow 0.9 percent. In Asia, shares posted hefty gains as they responded to the optimism recorded in Europe and the U.S. the day before. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index was the standout performer, rocketing 6.7 percent after sliding more than 5 percent the day before. South Korea's Kospi advanced 2.3 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng added 1.9 percent. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 surged 3.3 percent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 61 cents, or 1.3 percent, to close at $44.66 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 52 cents, or 1.1 percent, to close at $45.84 a barrel in London. Other energy futures also closed lower. Wholesale gasoline slid 2 cents to $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil fell a penny to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas lost 6 cents, or 2.2 percent, to $2.63 per 1,000 cubic feet. METALS: The price of gold fell $7.10 to $1,266.40 an ounce, while silver added 36 cents, or 2 percent, to $18.74 an ounce. Copper rose 9 cents, or 3.7 percent, to $2.55 a pound. CURRENCIES: The dollar has been fairly solid since Trump's victory. The U.S. currency rose to 106.85 yen from 105.84 yen on Wednesday. The euro was down to $1.0888 from $1.0930. The Mexican peso continued to weaken against the dollar. One dollar bought 20.61 pesos as of Thursday afternoon, more than the 19.87 pesos it bought late Wednesday. Investors worry that Trump's anti-immigration stance and intention to repeal a trade pact with Mexico could hurt that country's economy. Favorite Print Story Advertisement • Place an ad News Video More Videos Advertisement • Place an ad Explore Columbus Search Businesses Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Add Your Business COLUMBUS ATTRACTIONS Columbus Bars Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Columbus Doctors Medical Specialists Contractors Construction Education in Columbus Lawn Services Lawyers in Columbus Shopping in Columbus Travel to Columbus Tanning in Columbus Used Cars in Columbus Wedding Services News Blogs The Daily Briefing Sherrod Brown critical of Trump appointee Brown bashes Bannon. The Daily Briefing Dems delay leadership vote; Ryan still in the mix House Democrats decided today to delay their leadership elections until Nov.... The Daily Briefing Senate elects new leaders Majority Republicans in the Ohio Senate elected Sen. Larry Obhof. The Bottom Line Consumers warned of fake retail apps Smartphone scam apps can steal personal information More News Blogs Advertisement • Place an ad Advertisement • Place an ad Site Map About the Dispatch About Our Ads Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contacts Store Work with Us News Business Crime & Safety Education Environment Government & Politics Local Medicine & Health Obituaries Religion Science US & World Weather Sports Ohio State Sports at BuckeyeXtra.com Other Colleges NHL: Blue Jackets at BlueJacketsXtra.com MLS: Crew MiLB: Clippers MLB: Reds & Indians NBA: Cavaliers NFL: Bengals & Browns Golf Sports Commentary High School Sports Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Nate Beeler Cartoons Op-Ed Columnists Life Topics Contests Fashion & Style Food Home & Garden Travel Advice Columns Joe Blundo Columns Entertainment Topics Books Dining Events Movies Music Theater Classifieds Columbus Jobs Columbus Real Estate Bestride Dispatch Classifieds Services Customer Service Reader Rewards Place an Ad Submissions Reader Options Home Delivery Archive Mobile E-Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Podcasts Dispatch Media Group Dispatch Media Group Browse Affiliate Sites Dispatch Media Group The Columbus Dispatch BlueJacketsXtra BuckeyeXtra Columbus Alive Columbus Parent Columbus Monthly Columbus Weddings Columbus CEO ThisWeek Community News Advertisement • Place an ad Advertisement • Place an ad © Copyright 2016 GateHouse Media, Inc. and Propel/DMG, reproduction prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
null
null
Wall Street gains, bank sector surges to 2008 high | Reuters - Firstpost CriticalPoint Just how did Donald Trump with the US elections? Firstpost. Wednesday, November 16, 2016 |Latest E-book DidYouKnow All you need to know about the new Rs 500 notes Front Page Politics Demonetisation: Shiv Sena sides with Mamata Banerjee as anger rises against PM Modi Demonetisation: Good in long-term, bad in short-term; trade across India down by 25%, claims trade body Rahul Gandhi lashes out against Modi, says demonetisation could be a a mega scam 'Demonetisation leaked to preferred few': Congress, TMC, Left rally against Modi; stormy Winter Session tomorrow Direct Centre to withdraw demonetisation: Kejriwal urges Pranab Mukherjee Demonetisation looms over Winter Session: Modi govt braces for rough start tomorrow Sports ISL 2016: Chennaiyin FC back in reckoning after 2-0 win over FC Pune City Demonetisation: Pune International Marathon postponed, will be rescheduled in January 2017 Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick hints at retirement after end of season Ranji roundup: Suryakumar Yadav helps Mumbai set UP a stiff target; Railways close in on victory Ranji Trophy: Selectors give Delhi's training a skip two days before team is announced India vs England: Amit Mishra admits to not bowling 'very well'; promises better show in Vizag Test India Demonetisation: Shiv Sena sides with Mamata Banerjee as anger rises against PM Modi Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years -sources | Reuters Demonetisation: Is Narendra Modi's move already working? Rs 30 lakh cash found in Guwahati drain Reversing the trend of previous weeks, petrol price cut by Rs 1.46, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying | Reuters Demonetisation: News18 sting operation reveals how black money helps hire Pakistani artistes World India's NSG bid: China must give in to its peers in elite group or risk isolation Leaked memo claims Britain has no Brexit plan, may need six more months Egyptian court cancels former president Mohamed Morsi's death sentence Nato chief 'certain' Donald Trump will live up to US commitments to the alliance UN chief Ban Ki-moon voices 'hope' Donald Trump will understand climate urgency Donald Trump meets Mike Pence to discuss US Cabinet appointments Business Food prices help ease October retail inflation to 4.20% Tata Global Beverages removes Cyrus Mistry as chairman Cyrus Mistry rebuts Tata Sons charges; lists high jet, PR costs Sensex bleeds 514 points to 6-month low on fund outflow, weak rupee Owaisi draws govt's attention to currency ink, silver thread, says Pakistan has same supplier Ratan Tata-Cyrus Mistry spat: Independent directors hold the key as battle escalates Life Supermoon lights up night sky as the world looks up to gaze at the unique celestial event Guru Nanak Jayanti: Life and teachings of the founder of Sikh order pertain to today's world This Children’s Day, gift your kid freedom to dream Carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels still too high to save climate: Report Entertainment Celebrating Kamal Haasan: How the actor became bigger than his medium Watch: The Ghost in the Shell trailer has too many white people to be set in Japan Dear Zindagi Take 4: SRK's voiceover and Alia's emotional turmoil make for an intense teaser Jagga Jasoos first look: Ranbir Kapoor's 'cute' avatar is well-timed with Children's Day Gautham Menon on AYM: 'Demonetisation has given the film an extra two-week run' Netflix but no chill? Online downloads, subscriptions from foreign sites to get 15 % tax US Election 2016 US election: President-elect Donald Trump's actions and inactions will change the world as we know it Donald Trump victory spooks Indian students as election backlash rocks US campuses What if Donald Trump really didn't want to become the President of the United States? After Donald Trump storms to US election win, it's time to #ThankObamaIn4Words Donald Trump will be US president: Many challenges await the American Left Barack Obama to host Donald Trump in Oval Office despite differences Photos Videos Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › Fwire News Wall Street gains, bank sector surges to 2008 high | Reuters Reuters  Updated: Nov 11, 2016 02:00 IST #Business   #Middle East   #NASDAQ   #Technology   #United Kingdom   #United States   By Noel Randewich Bank stocks and industrials surged on Thursday while Apple and other technology shares sank as Wall Street rearranged its bets to benefit from Donald Trump's presidency. The S&P 500 financial sector .SPSY surged 4 percent to its highest level since the 2008 financial crisis, bringing its gain since Trump's surprise victory in Tuesday's election to 8.1 percent. That put it on track for its biggest two-day gain since 2011.Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) jumped 7.6 percent, JPMorgan Chase (JPM.N) rallied 4.66 percent and Bank of America (BAC.N) surged 5.34 percent, also helped by a rise bond yields that are the result of expectations of inflationary spending by Trump. Trump has also sided with leading conservatives in calling for the repeal of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Financial Reform Act largely opposed by banks. "The Trump campaign did say it would repeal Dodd-Frank. Rates are higher and the yield curve is steeper. Those are all good things for the banks," said Warren West, principal at Greentree Brokerage Services in Philadelphia.Apple dropped 2 percent while Amazon.com (AMZN.O) fell 3.65 percent and the S&P 500 technology index .SPLRCT fell 1.1 percent. At 2:28 pm ET, the Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was up 1.39 percent at 18,847.8 points and the S&P 500 .SPX had gained 0.49 percent to 2,173.84.The Nasdaq Composite .IXIC dropped 0.43 percent to 5,228.41.High-dividend sectors utilities .SPLRCU, telecom services .SPLRCL and consumer staples .SPLRCS sold off as bond yields rose due to expectations of higher interest rates. The market got a lift after St. Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard said the Republican sweep of the White House and Congress could break the current gridlock over national policy in a potential boon to the U.S. economy. Industrials .SPLRCI trailed the financials with a 2.15 percent advance.Macy's (M.N) rose 5.9 percent after the department store operator raised its full-year sales forecast and announced a partnership to monetize some of its real-estate assets. Walt Disney (DIS.N) and Nordstrom (JWN.N) were expected to report earnings after the market closes.Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.02-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.67-to-1 ratio favored advancers.The S&P 500 posted 82 new 52-week highs and 6 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 320 new highs and 40 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Nov 11, 2016 02:00 IST Related News Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine - Bloomberg | Reuters Oil prices soar six percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal | Reuters Tax havens should be 'quarantined' from global economy - Stiglitz, Pieth report | Reuters Dow ends at record high, stocks lifted by tech, energy | Reuters Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments Top Stories Modi govt bans Zakir Naik's NGO Islamic Research Foundation for 5 years Opposition Seeks to Corner Govt on Cash Crunch, All Set For a Stormy Session - News18 'Demonetisation leaked to preferred few': Congress, TMC, Left rally against Modi; stormy Winter Session tomorrow Vivo V5 first impressions: Has the makings of a perfect selfie smartphone Will India continue to be a good investment bet in 2017? - Moneycontrol US college rush: Indian students on American campuses rocket by 25 percent Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by an innings and 80 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 106 runs South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by 177 runs Pakistan and West Indies in UAE, 3 Test Series, 2016 PAK Vs WI West Indies beat Pakistan by 5 wickets New Zealand in India, 5 ODI Series, 2016 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 190 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 16th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 17th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 17th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 19th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters Huge study finds a billion people suffer from high blood pressure | Reuters U.S. House reauthorises Iran sanctions bill, sets Syria sanctions | Reuters Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine - Bloomberg | Reuters Corrected - Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open | Reuters Southwest employee shot dead in Oklahoma airport, flights halted | Reuters View more site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ט"ו חשון תשע"ז   |   Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business U.S. Stocks Mostly Higher in Afternoon Trading; Oil Slumps U.S. Stocks Mostly Higher in Afternoon Trading; Oil Slumps Thursday, November 10, 2016 at 3:27 pm | ט' חשון תשע"ז Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday, as a TV screen behind them shows the headline “Dow Sets All-Time High.” (Reuters/Brendan McDermid) (AP) - Banks and other financial companies led U.S. stocks mostly higher in afternoon trading Thursday, nudging the Dow Jones Industrial Average on course to beat its all-time closing from August. Consumer-focused companies, utilities and technology stocks were among the biggest decliners. The market was coming off a big rally following the election of Donald Trump as the next U.S. president. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow climbed 190 points, or 1 percent, to 18,780 as of 1:23 p.m. Eastern time. The average was up more than 144 points from its last record-high close on August 15. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index added 6 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,169. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index lost 41 points, or 0.8 percent, to 5,209. TRUMP BOUNCE: The upcoming Trump presidency, which will commence on Jan. 20, triggered a strong rally on Wednesday that extended somewhat into trading Thursday. Traders were focusing on Trump’s promises to boost U.S. economic growth through infrastructure spending and by cutting red tape, rather than uncertainties such as what he might do with trade agreements. Before the election, markets had been worried about a Trump presidency because his campaign promises carried few policy details, making him an unknown quantity compared with rival Hillary Clinton. THE QUOTE: “We had a gangbuster day yesterday; call it a Trump rally,” said Doug Cote, chief market strategist for Voya Investment Management. “Today we’re having a little breather, a little rest, but the key thing that will also keep the market going is the S&P 500 corporate earnings for the third quarter are positive for the first time in six quarters.” BANKS SURGE: Banks and other financial companies got a boost amid speculation that a Trump presidency could result in higher interest rates and less government regulation. JPMorgan Chase climbed $2.78, or 3.8 percent, to $76.03. Goldman Sachs rose $6.75, or 3.5 percent, to $199.38. Wells Fargo gained $3.01, or 6.3 percent, to $51, while Discover Financial Services added $3.03, or 5 percent, to $63.32. BETTER QUARTER: Macy’s rose 6.9 percent after the department store chain raised its sale outlook for the year, citing improved business in the third quarter. The stock gained $2.65 to $41.04. BRIGHT OUTLOOK: Kohl’s surged 11.5 percent after the retailer said it sees positive trends heading into the upcoming holiday shopping season. The stock added $5.26 to $50.96. TECH SLIDE: Some big names in the technology sector were trading lower. Netflix slumped $7.75, or 6.4 percent, to $114.44, while Amazon.com slid $39.89, or 5.2 percent, to $731.99. Microsoft fell $1.72, or 2.9 percent, to $58.45. NO DIAL TONE: Phone companies were trading lower, part of a sell-off in telecom and other safe-haven stocks. AT&T lost 64 cents, or 1.7 percent, to $36.80, while Verizon slid 95 cents, or 2 percent, to $46.91. T-Mobile US lost $1.71, or 3.2 percent, to $51.30. MIXED RESULTS: Novavax slumped 18 percent after the biopharmaceutical company reported third-quarter revenue that fell short of financial analysts’ forecasts. The stock slid 31 cents to $1.39. BONDS: The sell-off in bonds continued, sending bond prices lower and kicking up the yield on the 10-year Treasury note to 2.10 percent from 2.06 percent late Wednesday. That yield is a benchmark used to set interest rates on many kinds of loans including home mortgages. Traders have been selling bonds more aggressively to hedge against the possibility that interest rates, which have been ultra-low for years, could rise steadily again under Trump’s administration. MARKETS OVERSEAS: The major stock indexes in Europe turned lower after an early rally. Germany’s DAX was down 0.1 percent, while the CAC-40 in France was off 0.3 percent higher. Britain’s FTSE 100 was down 1.2 percent. Optimism that Trump’s election will improve U.S.-Russia relations helped lift the Micex index in Moscow 0.9 percent. In Asia, shares posted hefty gains as they responded to the optimism recorded in Europe and the U.S. the day before. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index was the standout performer, rocketing 6.7 percent after sliding more than 5 percent the day before. South Korea’s Kospi advanced 2.3 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng added 1.9 percent. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 surged 3.3 percent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude was down 50 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $44.77 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, was down 39 cents, or 0.8 percent, at $45.97 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar has been fairly solid since Trump’s victory. The U.S. currency rose to 106.66 yen from 105.84 yen on Wednesday. The euro was down to $1.0892 from $1.0930. The Mexican peso continued to weaken against the dollar. One dollar now buys 20.50 pesos, more than the 19.87 pesos it bought late Wednesday. Investors worry that Trump’s anti-immigration stance and intention to repeal a trade pact with Mexico could hurt that country’s economy. Filed under: Business, Markets Print Email Gmail Related Stocks Rise in Afternoon Trading on Solid Earnings Reports U.S. Stocks Sharply Higher in Afternoon Trading; Oil Rises U.S. Stock Indexes Move Higher in Afternoon Trading Stocks Rising in Afternoon Trading as Dow Hits Record High Stock Indexes Drift Higher in Afternoon Trading Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Energy Companies Lead Indexes Higher as Oil Price Soars Ford CEO Says Production Plans on Track Despite Election Home Depot Raises Outlook as Americans Spend on Homes Wall St. Rises, Helped by Tech and Energy United to Postpone Boeing Jets in $4.8 Billion Savings Push OP-ED Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Time for Conservatives to Come Together To Support Our New President Trump Voters: We Did Hear You – We Just Thought Better of You Without Calculations Features Nichum Aveilim 15 Cheshvan/November 16 This Day In History 15 Cheshvan/November 16 Rehabilitating Rhetoric Stumper Sudoku – November 16, 2016 This Day In History 14 Cheshvan/November 15 The Odd Side – November 15, 2016 Assembly Lines World of Wonder – November 15, 2016 Editorial Cartoon – November 15, 2016 Sudoku – November 15, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 14 Cheshvan/November 15 This Day In History 13 Cheshvan/November 14 Helping Pre-Teenagers Weather » Brooklyn 49°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,275.62 +57.23 (+1.10%) S&P 500 2,180.39 +16.19 (+0.75%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9324 GBP 0.8031 ILS 3.8431 CHF 1.0000 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Get the News Digest app Mail Yahoo Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Search Search web Home Currency Converter Video From The Newsroom Financial Glossary Investing Market Movers Indices Currency Investor Brexit News & Opinion My Portfolios Sign in to access your portfolios Personal Finance Loans Credit Cards Insurance Savings Mortgages Pensions Bank Accounts Money Guides Compare Products Household Property Photos Small Business Earnings All Topics Small Caps Economy Market Movers Upgrades & Downgrades Newspaper Tips Ireland RSS Feeds UK Budget 2016 Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Wed, Nov 16, 2016, 01:02 GMT - UK Markets open in 6 hrs 58 mins US STOCKS-Wall Street gains, bank sector surges to 2008 highReuters - UK Focus – Thu, Nov 10, 2016 19:57 GMT Share 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Companies: Wells Fargo & Company JPMorgan Chase & Co. Bank of America Corporation RELATED QUOTES Symbol Price Change WFC 52.59 -0.63 JPM 79.36 -0.150 BAC 20.16 +0.080 JWN 58.30 -1.25 NWT.HA 40.985 +0.985 * Financial sector on track for biggest two-day gain since 2011 * Tech falls as investors shift to infrastructure * Dow up 1.39 pct, S&P up 0.49 pct, Nasdaq (NasdaqGS: NDAQ - news) down 0.43 pct (Updates to afternoon) By Noel Randewich Nov 10 (Reuters) - Bank stocks and industrials surged on Thursday while Apple (NasdaqGS: AAPL - news) and other technology shares sank as Wall Street rearranged its bets to benefit from Donald Trump's presidency. The S&P 500 financial sector surged 4 percent to its highest level since the 2008 financial crisis, bringing its gain since Trump's surprise victory in Tuesday's election to 8.1 percent. That put it on track for its biggest two-day gain since 2011. Wells Fargo (Hanover: NWT.HA - news) & Co jumped 7.6 percent, JPMorgan Chase (Swiss: JPM.SW - news) rallied 4.66 percent and Bank of America (Swiss: BAC.SW - news) surged 5.34 percent, also helped by a rise bond yields that are the result of expectations of inflationary spending by Trump. Trump has also sided with leading conservatives in calling for the repeal of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Financial Reform Act largely opposed by banks. "The Trump campaign did say it would repeal Dodd-Frank. Rates are higher and the yield curve is steeper. Those are all good things for the banks," said Warren West, principal at Greentree Brokerage Services in Philadelphia. Apple dropped 2 percent while Amazon.com (NasdaqGS: AMZN - news) fell 3.65 percent and the S&P 500 technology index fell 1.1 percent. At 2:28 pm ET, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 1.39 percent at 18,847.8 points and the S&P 500 had gained 0.49 percent to 2,173.84. The Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.43 percent to 5,228.41. High-dividend sectors utilities, telecom services and consumer staples sold off as bond yields rose due to expectations of higher interest rates. The market got a lift after St. Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard said the Republican sweep of the White House and Congress could break the current gridlock over national policy in a potential boon to the U.S. economy. Industrials trailed the financials with a 2.15 percent advance. Macy's rose 5.9 percent after the department store operator raised its full-year sales forecast and announced a partnership to monetize some of its real-estate assets. Walt Disney and Nordstrom (NYSE: JWN - news) were expected to report earnings after the market closes. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.02-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.67-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 82 new 52-week highs and 6 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 320 new highs and 40 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru) Share 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print 7,000 cities around the world are way ahead of targets to cut carbon emissions Quartz - 5 hours ago Cities are home to over half the world’s population and produce around 75% of its carbon emissions, but they’re leading the way in the global fight against climate change. The 2015 Paris Climate Agreement demanded that by 2020 cities reduce their … More » - Sponsored  President LePen? France could be the next shock upset in the global spread of far-right populism Quartz - 5 hours ago Never one to miss a bandwagon when it passes, Marine Le Pen, leader of France’s far-right Front National, was one of the first European politicians to congratulate Donald Trump on his election victory. For the demagogic populist Le Pen, Trump’s win, … More » Twitter’s new solution for hate speech is to avoid it, instead of actually removing it Quartz - 5 hours ago Twitter is still shying away from tackling abuse head on. During the company’s October earnings calls, Twitter promised to unveil stricter measures against harassment come November. Today, Twitter announced it will be making it easier for users to … More » Inflation in surprise slip to 0.9% in October but rise looms Sky News - 5 hours ago The Office for National Statistics (ONS) said the surprise slip in the headline consumer measure, from 1% in September, was down to lower rates of cost growth in clothing and tuition fees compared with a year earlier. Costs for raw materials and … More » - Sponsored  Oil is soaring Business Insider UK Finance - 8 hours ago Oil prices surged more than 4% on Tuesday, after a Reuters story raised expectations that the OPEC nations will agree production cuts. … More » Vodafone Sales Hurt by Falling Pound Morningstar UK - 8 hours ago Vodafone (VOD) reported fiscal first-half results that continue to be hurt by negative currency moves. The firm’s reported revenue fell 3.9% year over year, versus our full-year projection of a 4.4% gain. However, group service revenue grew 2.3% on … More » The top 10 postcodes for buy-to-let investments revealed - and Luton leads the way Yahoo Finance UK - 8 hours ago It might not be the first place on everyone’s list of property hot spots but Luton is top the pile for the getting the best returns on buy-to-let investments. … More » - Sponsored  Are European Banking Stocks Cheap Enough to Buy? Morningstar UK - 9 hours ago This is especially true for European bank holders who are still down 67% since the peak of the financial crisis. As advocates of value investing, the key question is whether bank stocks are a value opportunity or a value trap. If bank stocks have … More » What's the story in Balamory today? There's a property for sale for £395,000 Yahoo Finance UK - 9 hours ago The former bank building sits in the middle of Main Street in Tobermory, Isle of Mull, which was the setting for the show starring the likes of Miss Hoolie, Josie Jump and Archie the Inventor. Balamory enchanted young viewers in the mid-2000s with … More » More than $7 trillion of global government debt isn’t as safe as it once seemed, Moody’s warns Quartz - 9 hours ago Governments have spent 2016 grappling with an upheaval in politics as populist movements sweep across Europe and the US. But it’s also been a problematic year for governments around the world in another way: their credit ratings. Moody’s Investors … More » - Sponsored  A Princeton historian on how textbooks of the future will explain the madness of the 2016 US election Quartz - 10 hours ago The 2016 US election was a transformative moment in US history. There is much uncertainty about what president-elect Donald Trump’s term will bring. But future history books are likely to argue that his victory reflects several key developments in … More » The pound dived after Britain's shock inflation numbers Business Insider UK Finance - 10 hours ago The pound took a dive in mid-morning trading on Tuesday after the latest inflation data from the Office for National Statistics missed the forecasts of economists. The ONS said that the UK's consumer price index — the key measure of inflation — was … More » People are getting sick of working in the “sharing” economy Quartz - 11 hours ago We may have already reached peak “sharing” economy. Average monthly earnings on “labor” platforms such as Uber, which use technology to match workers (like drivers) to people who need a service (like riders), peaked in June 2014, according to new … More » - Sponsored  Thousands of Tube staff vote for strike action in separate disputes Sky News - 11 hours ago London Underground staff have voted to strike in separate disputes over staffing, safety and industrial relations. The Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) said 85% of station and platform staff who have voted backed walkouts over staffing and … More » The world is awash in affordable, pointless VR devices Quartz - 11 hours ago Last week, Google’s new Daydream View VR headset was released. It’s been getting mixed reviews. Some people love that it’s affordable, not made of cardboard, and comes with a handy little remote, while others are less convinced about having to strap … More » Young tax disc tycoon makes £2 MILLION on property deal... aged just 14! Yahoo Finance UK - 12 hours ago A teenage tycoon has reportedly become a millionaire aged just 14 after a property deal netted him a fortune. … More » - Sponsored  11.6 million Britons are still paying for last Christmas with average debt more than £500 Yahoo Finance UK - 13 hours ago More than 11.6 million Britons are still paying off last Christmas even as this year’s festive shopping season begins to get into top gear. Of those who borrowed money last Christmas and still haven’t cleared it, one in five say they still owe more … More » Donald Trump tried to sweet-talk Theresa May by telling her she’ll be Thatcher and he’ll be Reagan Quartz - 13 hours ago Before the UK voted for Brexit, US president Barack Obama warned that doing so would put the country in the “back of the queue” for trade talks with the US. Britons ignored him and voted to leave the European Union anyway. Britain had hoped to fare … More » Anatomy of an online consumer: 6 ways bricks and clicks are transforming shoppers and shopping Yahoo Finance UK - 13 hours ago It has identified six ways online shoppers are influencing what retailers are doing. Some 90% of all UK retail sales ‘‘touched’’ a physical sale store last year through “click and collect” services or online purchases resulting from browsing … More » - Sponsored  Donald Trump may push African countries away from America and closer to China Quartz - 14 hours ago A Donald Trump presidency might push Africa in the direction of China. While China is a newer partner to Africa than the United States, it plays a powerful role as a counterexample. Many African governments see China as an model of a country that … More » Inflation in the UK saw a shock fall Business Insider UK Finance - 15 hours ago Inflation in the UK witnessed a shock fall in October, according to the latest data released by the Office for National Statistics on Tuesday. The ONS said that the UK's consumer price index — the key measure of inflation — was down to 0.9% … More » Yet another Help to Buy Isa hitch: bank delays in issuing statements Telegraph - 16 hours ago Yet another Help to Buy Isa hitch: bank delays in issuing statements … More » 10 things you need to know in markets today Business Insider UK Finance - 18 hours ago The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed at an all-time high overnight, extending its post-election rally but losing grip of early gains. Global bonds sold off again, sending Treasury yields to their highest levels of this year as investors continued … More » Prime Minister urges companies to help those 'left behind' Sky News - 18 hours ago Theresa May has urged companies to work with the Government to help those "left behind" by globalisation. As the UK gets ready for Brexit, and Donald Trump prepares to be inaugurated as United States president, Mrs May noted that "a change is in … More » Questor: Buy Manx Telecom for a Man-sized dividend supported by robust cashflow Telegraph - 18 hours ago Questor: Buy Manx Telecom for a Man-sized dividend supported by robust cashflow … More » - Sponsored  Show More Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg GBP to USD 1.2457 +0.0009 +0.07% GBP/USD GBP to EUR 1.1597 -0.0009 -0.08% GBP/EUR GBP to JPY 135.7430 +0.081 +0.06% GBP/JPY More Currencies » Commodities Commodities Name Price Change % Chg BrentCrude 46.88 -0.07 -0.15% Brent Crude Oil Last Day Financ Gold 1,228.10 +3.60 +0.29% Gold Dec 16 Silver 17.10 +0.06 +0.33% Silver Dec 16 Copper 2.51 0.00 +0.02% Copper Dec 16 More Commodities » TOP TRADING PROVIDER Trade now Create account for free with the No.1 spread betting and CFD provider. Losses can exceed deposits. More » Featured Content Enlarge Photo Our imaginary hedge fund of “Trump trades” is making an absolute killing Quartz - 21 hours ago This is the worst year for IPOs of US companies since the Great Recession Quartz - Mon, Nov 14, 2016 11:01 GMT Sponsored  Ask James: How can I start up a business again from scratch with a small income? Yahoo Finance UK - Mon, Nov 14, 2016 11:13 GMT Here's a sneak peek of Leonardo DiCaprio’s eco-resort in Belize Yahoo Finance Canada - Thu, Nov 10, 2016 17:26 GMT View Photos These are the best countries for freedom of speech Fri, Nov 11, 2016 13:42 GMT Are you buying into the 'Trump dividend?' asks - Zak Mir feed_manager_auto_publish_494--autopubtest_WPTUMBLR_485 - Thu, Nov 10, 2016 13:24 GMT Sponsored  View Photos Checking in: Unique Airbnb picks of the week Tue, Nov 8, 2016 19:08 GMT 'You'd think after 53 years in the City, I would have experienced everything, not so'- says David Buik Yahoo Finance UK - Fri, Nov 11, 2016 11:57 GMT 16 giant infrastructure projects that could reshape the world Business Insider - Mon, Nov 7, 2016 16:23 GMT View Photos The top 12 cities with the best reputations in the world Mon, Nov 7, 2016 12:58 GMT Yahoo UK & Ireland Finance Home Investing Brexit News & Opinion My Portfolios Personal Finance Property Small Business Also on Yahoo Answers Cars Games Lifestyle Movies News Celebrity Sport TV Travel All Yahoo Services » Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo! - News Network
null
null
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Best Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes Special Seniors Scoop Up Unclaimed $20,500 Checks? (See If You Qualify) Home | Adam Levin Tags: ddos attack | dyn | trump | law | legislation One Cybersecurity Law You Want Passed This Year (Christopher Furlong/Getty Images) By Adam Levin Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 02:45 PM More Posts by Adam Levin Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Unless you were scuba diving in Loon Lake looking for Hillary’s lost emails for the past month, you know there was a huge distributed denial of service attack (DDoS) recently that, had it been pointed at our power grid, banking system or Election Day, could have crippled America. As it happened, the Dyn attack was more of a nuisance than a peril to national security. It snarled Internet traffic to popular sites including PayPal, Twitter, Amazon, Reddit, Verizon, Spotify, and Playstation. There were a total of three attacks on October 21, each building on the chaos caused by the proceeding one. The net result wasn’t great for consumers, but it was disastrous for Dyn’s reputation on the cyber security front. It proved the axiom that it’s no longer a question as to whether any organization will become the target of a cyber attack, but rather when it will happen. Organizations that “misunderestimate” the threat do so at their own peril. There are many more serious attacks to consider, and the specter of unimaginable ones to come. Remember the DDoS attack that took out the websites of JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, Citigroup, and other financial companies in 2012? What about the flash crash of 2010? While the guttering of U.S. financial markets was not attributed to hackers, it was not conclusively determined what caused it. And while it is equally axiomatic that speculation is a low form of groupthink when it comes to cyber security issues, it should at least be considered that some form of cyber attack could have played a part there. The bottom line is that DDoS attacks are disasters waiting to happen — large and small — and that whatever can be done to hinder them should be implemented posthaste. How It Works (Or Not) The success of a DDoS attack hinges on its mode of distribution. The goal is to find a way to send enough traffic to a target so no more requests can be processed, the servers powering one or many sites fail, or the ways and means that let people get where they want to go no longer function. In the most recent DDoS attack of Dyn, hackers determined that there were enough webcams of a certain make out in the market with a particular security flaw to make possible an attack using their ability to communicate with the manufacturer via Internet as a weapon. The main reason this attack was possible was that the webcam manufacturer provided users with a default password, one that many users never bother to reset. After all, who would want to hack a webcam? (This is a question that boggles the mind if you think about it for a moment.) One Federal Law Anyone Can Get Behind The solution to the hackable default password problem is simple: make that set-up illegal. The law: Anything that connects to the Internet (Internet of Things, or IoT, devices) and sold in America must be delivered nonfunctional, activation requiring a long and strong password to be set during the registration process for that device. Consider the way ATMs work when you use a debit card equipped with the new EMV chip technology. Many machines will not release your cash until you remove your card or finish whatever else you are supposed to be doing there in front of the machine. It’s a very simple way to protect consumers from the ultimate security breach: a lost card. By requiring a password to make an IoT device work, the same principle would be applied. It is a minimally invasive requirement that will remedy a prevalent security flaw. Security matters when it comes to the Internet of Things. Whether we’re talking about a toaster, a television, a fitness monitor, smartphone or the online registration for a product or service, hackers are always looking at ways to find a chink in our collective security protocols. Since consumers are conditioned to activation procedures for many products and services, this is an easy fix, and a nearly invisible law with minor compliance costs. And were we able to pass a federal law that applied to all such devices, whether made domestically or imported, IoT would quickly dry up as a pathway for hackers. Adam K. Levin is a consumer advocate with more than 30 years of experience and is a nationally recognized expert on security, privacy, identity theft, fraud, and personal finance. A former Director of the New Jersey Division of Consumer Affairs, Levin is chairman and founder of IDT911 (IDentity Theft 911) and co-founder of Credit.com. Levin is the author of Amazon Best Seller "Swiped: How to Protect Yourself in a World Full of Scammers, Phishers, and Identity Thieves." Read more of his reports — Go Here Now. More Posts by Adam Levin We Need a National Cyber Defense Agency After Wells Fargo, Everyone Should Check Their Accounts What the Recent Yahoo Hack Really Means for You More Newsmax Blogs: Ben Stein: Alienated 'Deplorables' Gave Trump His Victory Ray Negron: Steinbrenner Would have Extended a Hand to Trump Tom Borelli: Dakota Oil Pipeline Is Safest Method of Transport © 2016 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share AdamLevin Unless you were scuba diving in Loon Lake looking for Hillary’s lost emails for the past month, you know there was a huge distributed denial of service attack (DDoS) recently that, had it been pointed at our power grid, banking system or Election Day, could have crippled America. ddos attack, dyn, trump, law, legislation 793 Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 02:45 PM 2016-45-10 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Donald Trump Marco Rubio Ted Cruz Hillary Clinton 2016 Elections ISIS/Islamic State More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like We Need a National Cyber Defense Agency Monday, 31 Oct 2016 16:04 PM If you’re like most Americans, the idea that our country doesn’t have a unified cyber defense agency is about as unthink . . . After Wells Fargo, Everyone Should Check Their Accounts Tuesday, 25 Oct 2016 12:46 PM Do you honestly believe that Wells Fargo is the only bank that pushes its employees to turn water into wine on a daily b . . . What the Recent Yahoo Hack Really Means for You Friday, 14 Oct 2016 14:10 PM It’s definitely been a bad news month for Yahoo starting with the revelation, on September 22, that 500 million Yahoo us . . . More Most Commented Defiant Trump Locked in Tight Battleground Races Wednesday, 09 Nov 2016 | 1767 comments TRUMP WINS !!!!!... Ed Klein: Hillary Couldn't Stop Crying, Told Friend She Blames Comey and Obama For Loss Wednesday, 09 Nov 2016 | 1578 comments Did she cry as hard as the Benghazi mothers?... Trump Assassination Threats Mounting on Social Media Saturday, 12 Nov 2016 | 983 comments It further proves how stupid these people are. They provide written proof... Report: Obama Has Not Ruled Out Pardoning Hillary Thursday, 10 Nov 2016 | 1255 comments I thought the Democrats said she hasn't done anything wrong? Why would you... Trump Vows to Begin Criminal Deportations Immediately Sunday, 13 Nov 2016 | 856 comments The liberals want to accuse Trump of creating a brown shirt deportation... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Best Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall Street gains, bank sector surges to 2008 high By Reuters Published: 15:00 EST, 10 November 2016 | Updated: 15:00 EST, 10 November 2016 e-mail By Noel Randewich Nov 10 (Reuters) - Bank stocks and industrials surged on Thursday while Apple and other technology shares sank as Wall Street rearranged its bets to benefit from Donald Trump's presidency. The S&P 500 financial sector surged 4 percent to its highest level since the 2008 financial crisis, bringing its gain since Trump's surprise victory in Tuesday's election to 8.1 percent. That put it on track for its biggest two-day gain since 2011. Wells Fargo & Co jumped 7.6 percent, JPMorgan Chase rallied 4.66 percent and Bank of America surged 5.34 percent, also helped by a rise bond yields that are the result of expectations of inflationary spending by Trump. Trump has also sided with leading conservatives in calling for the repeal of the 2010 Dodd-Frank Financial Reform Act largely opposed by banks. "The Trump campaign did say it would repeal Dodd-Frank. Rates are higher and the yield curve is steeper. Those are all good things for the banks," said Warren West, principal at Greentree Brokerage Services in Philadelphia. Apple dropped 2 percent while Amazon.com fell 3.65 percent and the S&P 500 technology index fell 1.1 percent. At 2:28 pm ET, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 1.39 percent at 18,847.8 points and the S&P 500 had gained 0.49 percent to 2,173.84. The Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.43 percent to 5,228.41. High-dividend sectors utilities, telecom services and consumer staples sold off as bond yields rose due to expectations of higher interest rates. The market got a lift after St. Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard said the Republican sweep of the White House and Congress could break the current gridlock over national policy in a potential boon to the U.S. economy. Industrials trailed the financials with a 2.15 percent advance. Macy's rose 5.9 percent after the department store operator raised its full-year sales forecast and announced a partnership to monetize some of its real-estate assets. Walt Disney and Nordstrom were expected to report earnings after the market closes. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.02-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.67-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 82 new 52-week highs and 6 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 320 new highs and 40 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
null
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › US home election 2016 US selected world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Donald Trump Trump's cabinet: likely shortlist is a roundup of his campaign loyalists Divisive campaign figures including Rudy Giuliani and Newt Gingrich headline the candidates, while RNC chair Reince Priebus looks likely to be chief of staff Trump and Obama meet for the first time since election – live updates Become a Guardian supporter or make a contribution What will be the first actions Trump takes as president? David Smith in New York Thursday 10 November 2016 14.40 EST Last modified on Tuesday 15 November 2016 16.33 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Some of the most divisive figures from a historically ugly US election campaign are now in contention for senior positions in a Donald Trump administration that looks set to be dominated by white men. “This is all being literally discussed at this time,” said one Trump adviser who did not wish to be named. “There are people flying in and out of town and meetings taking place. There is a very long list of gifted, talented individuals who have come forward and said they’re happy to enter the arena. We are putting a structure in place. It’s moving very quickly; it has to move quickly.” Some 3,000-4,000 new senior presidential appointees are due to take office in early 2017. Having paid little attention to the transition during a bruising campaign, Trump’s senior team gathered on Wednesday to play catch-up. The group included transition chairman and New Jersey governor Chris Christie, Vice President-elect Mike Pence, Republican National Committee (RNC) chairman Reince Priebus, Alabama senator Jeff Sessions, and Jared Kushner, husband of Trump’s daughter Ivanka. Sessions told the Associated Press: “We had a great meeting and I thought it was valuable. And lots of work has been done. So it’s the beginning, really a solid beginning. First phase of the beginning.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Trump’s top priorities: immigration, healthcare and jobs Analysts and media reports suggested that Newt Gingrich, the former House speaker who led Republican opposition to Bill Clinton in the 1990s, could be in contention for secretary of state, although Tennessee senator Bob Corker, who chairs the foreign relations committee, is another potential option. Rudy Giuliani out-Trumps Trump, but is it an aberration or just his real character? Read more Rudy Giuliani, almost constantly at Trump’s side in his final weeks on the trail, was asked on CNN if he wants the attorney general job. “I certainly have the energy, and there’s probably nobody that knows the justice department better than me,” the 72-year-old former New York mayor replied. “I know the bottom of the justice department, and I know the top.” Christie is another name linked to the post of attorney general, while Steven Mnuchin, a Goldman Sachs veteran and chief executive of a private investment firm, served as Trump’s finance chairman and is a likely a contender for treasury secretary. A senior official on Trump’s transition team is said to have contacted the JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive, Jamie Dimon, to see if he would be interested in being treasury secretary, Reuters reported on Thursday, adding that it was unclear how Dimon responded. Retired Lt Gen Michael Flynn, who introduced Trump at many of his rallies, is a possible pick as defence secretary. Priebus, who stuck by Trump even as other Republicans fell away, is tipped as a likely White House chief of staff, although Christie could also be in contention. Corey Lewandowski, Trump’s first campaign manager and now a commentator for CNN, also reportedly covets the position. Trump’s closest allies come with considerable political baggage. Giuliani, once hailed as “America’s mayor” after his response to the September 11 terrorist attacks in New York, was notorious for racially charged policing during his time as mayor of the city. More recently he spread baseless rumours about Clinton’s health, described Trump’s exploitation of the tax code as “genius” and, when reminded that he, Giuliani, had had marital infidelities in his past, shot back: “Everybody does.” Christie is weighed down by low poll numbers in New Jersey after the so-called Bridgegate scandal of 2013, in which a huge traffic jam was deliberately created on the world’s busiest bridge to spite a mayor over a non-endorsement. Two of his former aides were found guilty of organising the stunt last week, but Christie continues to state that they acted without his knowledge. One-party control of Washington hands Trump enviable power Read more George Ajjan, a Republican strategist, said: “It’s entirely expected for Trump, having been scorned by so much of the Republican establishment, to reward lavishly those who climbed on board and never jumped ship. Gingrich and Giuliani have heavyweight credentials as well as a national profile and would thus be logical choices for prominent posts. “The same might be said of Chris Christie had it not been for the Bridgegate scandal that continues to dog him, although he may yet float down to Washington on a life raft from the good ship Trump. The other thing to watch is the role to be played by Mike Pence, who may turn out to be the most hands-on and influential VP in modern US history.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest How the 2016 US election night unfolded The election outcome, a repudiation of the political and media establishment that sent shockwaves around the world, suddenly opened the way for thousands of unexpected job applications from people who would not have found a home in Hillary Clinton administration. Rich Galen, former press secretary to Dan Quayle, tweeted: “New definition of multi-tasking: Copying your resume for the Trump transition team while deleting anti-Trump Tweets from the past 18 months.” In an interview, Galen said he knows Gingrich personally. “When he ran for president four years ago he had to give up a lot of contracts,” he said. “He’d have to live on cabinet secretary pay for four years and I don’t know if that’s very comfortable for him to contemplate. “I would find it difficult to believe he could be confirmed as secretary of state; the Democrats in the Senate would filibuster. I could make a really strong case for secretary of defence.” The Senate could have further objections to Trump loyalists, Galen believes. “In the Senate there would be some discomfort putting Christie or Giuliani, who were so partisan in supporting Trump, as attorney general. There has been concern over the politicisation of the justice department. Either would be a difficult sell for the Senate, but Giuliani would be terrific at homeland security.” Speculation also swirled around White House press secretary, the public face of the administration. Names in contention include Boris Epshteyn, who anchored the campaign’s Facebook Live broadcasts; Jason Miller, the campaign’s senior communications adviser; and Sean Spicer, chief strategist and communications director of the RNC and an officer in the US navy reserves. Trump’s media-friendly campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, tweeted on Thursday that she had been offered a job in the White House, although she did not give further details. Galen said: “If I had to put money on it, I would put it on Sean Spicer. He’s a very talented guy with a lot of Capitol Hill experience. He was a good trouper in the campaign without having to scream his head off.” Rick Tyler, a political analyst and former spokesperson for Texas senator Ted Cruz, said: “Newt Gingrich would be happy to help in an informal advisory role but I don’t see him, at this stage in his life, taking a cabinet position. Trump should look at Ted Cruz who has enormous knowledge on foreign policy. He would be a good fit. He might also consider Bob Corker but I think Cruz would be a better choice.” The Republican primary contest between Trump and Cruz was bitter, with Trump even suggesting that Cruz’s father could have had a role in the assassination of John F Kennedy, and Cruz savaging Trump as a “pathological liar”. But Tyler said: “I know they’ve spoke and there’s been some reconciliation. The best that Republicans can do is try to make the administration successful.” Christie could be a contender for chief of staff, he added, not least because he would not have to go through a tricky Senate confirmation hearing because it is not a cabinet post. More news Topics Donald Trump US politics Chris Christie Rudy Giuliani Newt Gingrich Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content more on this story Bernie Sanders: our job is to oppose Trump's bigotry vigorously Vermont senator backs protesters in interview and calls on progressives to mobilise against president-elect Published: 15 Nov 2016 Bernie Sanders: our job is to oppose Trump's bigotry vigorously Obama calls Trump ‘pragmatic’ Got a minute? President speaks at length on Trump’s character … outcry over elevation of Breitbart impresario accused of bigotry … and everything else today in US politics. By Tom McCarthy Published: 14 Nov 2016 Obama calls Trump ‘pragmatic’ Stephen Bannon and Reince Priebus to lead Trump's White House Chief of staff rewarded for campaign loyalty and former executive chair of far-right Breitbart News is ‘senior counselor’ Published: 14 Nov 2016 Stephen Bannon and Reince Priebus to lead Trump's White House Theresa May plans Trump charm offensive after snub to Nigel Farage PM expected to fly out to meet US president-elect soon, as Ukip leader’s allies protest he has ‘hotline’ to Stephen Bannon Published: 15 Nov 2016 Theresa May plans Trump charm offensive after snub to Nigel Farage Breitbart: how 'Trump Pravda' muddied the waters and surfed wave Published: 14 Nov 2016 Breitbart: how 'Trump Pravda' muddied the waters and surfed wave China threatens to cut sales of iPhones and US cars if 'naive' Trump pursues trade war Published: 14 Nov 2016 China threatens to cut sales of iPhones and US cars if 'naive' Trump pursues trade war Trump backs supreme court on same-sex marriage but not abortion Published: 14 Nov 2016 Trump backs supreme court on same-sex marriage but not abortion Neoliberalism: the deep story that lies beneath Donald Trump’s triumph George Monbiot Published: 14 Nov 2016 Neoliberalism: the deep story that lies beneath Donald Trump’s triumph More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US selected world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US selected world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video US News › Donald Trump Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Dow hits record high 7:51 November 11, 2016Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk Nov. 11 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street advanced, with the Dow climbing to a record high, while US Treasuries slid, amid bets that US President-elect Donald Trump will spend more and regulate less. While you were sleeping: Dow hits record high Nov. 11 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street advanced, with the Dow climbing to a record high, while US Treasuries slid, amid bets that US President-elect Donald Trump will spend more and regulate less. “People are going through the possibilities about what Washington looks like today and what Washington can do or not do for them,” John Manley, chief equity strategist for Wells Fargo Funds Management in New York, told Bloomberg. “Corporations feel there’s a less restrictive hand. People may take that as a positive.” In 1.14pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 1.1 percent. Earlier in the session it touched a record high 18,810.58. In 12.59pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index added 0.3 percent. The Dow rose, led by advances in shares of Pfizer and those of JPMorgan Chase, up 4.7 percent and 3.9 percent respectively. Bucking the trend, shares of Procter & Gamble and those of Coca-Cola declined, down 3.4 percent and 2.9 percent respectively. The Nasdaq Composite Index fell 0.6 percent, as shares of Amazon and Apple declined, down 3.5 percent and 2.3 percent respectively. “Tech stocks aren’t really in the handbook,” Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York, told Reuters. “They aren’t really going to benefit from Trump’s stimulus spending on infrastructure and are sort of sitting in the middle.” “They aren’t part of the oversold sectors such as banks and health nor are they high dividend paying stocks that [are] getting sold off,” Hogan noted. Also, some investors are concerned tech stocks might suffer from Trump’s protectionist stance. The US dollar rose while Treasuries fell amid bets a Trump presidency will bolster inflation, while the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates. Yields on the benchmark 10-year note rose four basis points to 2.10 percent, while yields on the 30-year bond climbed increased five basis points to 2.90 percent, according to Bloomberg. “The [US] dollar will do very well” on a broad trade-weighted basis in the next 12 months, Bilal Hafeez, global head of foreign-exchange research at Nomura Holdings in London, told Bloomberg. “The Fed will be increasing interest rates, the US will be engaging in fiscal stimulus of some kind, which is much-needed by economies around the world, so we’ll have faster growth and more inflationary pressures.” In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.3 percent decline from the previous close. Germany’s DAX Index fell 0.2 percent, France’s CAC 40 Index declined 0.3 percent, while the UK’s FTSE 100 Index shed 1.2 percent. (BusinessDesk) Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Genesis Energy agrees to buy NZOG’s stake in Kupe field Investore Property’s maiden first-half result as standalone IkeGPS first-half loss widens as Stanley rollout delayed Peter Yealands Recognised with Lifetime Achievement Award ATEED Head “Living the Life of Riley” Tuatara stoush demonstrates court of public opinion rules Survey finds little impact on business from OECD tax plan NZ dollar falls as US data lifts greenback 2016 iSANZ Awards winners announced Air New Zealand Airband™ Innovation of the Year Mastercard recommends simple steps to protect against fraud TPP Act Sends Important Signal – Business Leaders NZ dollar gains as US bond rally runs out of puff in Asia ASB Bank profit jumps 12% in September quarter Takeovers Panel sees no code breach by Hellaby Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2016 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
