Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Intel presented Trump w/ claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  realdonaldtrump  ITrustIntell  montel_williams
. Malinka1102 wait, what was the official narrative we're supposed to follow again? 😕
Report: Intel officials informed Trump of alleged Russian efforts to compromise him 
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him | Zero Hedge 
The. News. Is. That. US Intel. Thinks. It. Is. Credible. Enough. To. Present. In. A. Briefing.
 noclador let's hope the Intel is acted upon immediately
As suspected all along -- Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
Report: Intel Officials Informed Trump of Alleged Russian Efforts to Compromise Him
 hotels las vegas specials intel xeon phi coprocessor motherboard
im sure the majority of this intel report on trump is BS but it shows the danger of flirting around w/ putin. people will believe all of it
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him.
"Efforts?" They succeeded.

 cavsfanaholic They have to say it's "unverified" bc former Brit Intel Officer doesn't have docs to prove it but he's considered credible.
Man, Hillary really compromised herself by having a private email server Not like there was kremlin intel on her piss parties or anything.
Top intel officials say Russia has compromising info on Donald Trump 
I"m so shook by the intel document
This is what you get when you fuck with American intel and slander them regularly. You get got.
 JustMuteMeNow Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
If you're accepting this new intel report without any corroboration urine serious trouble
CNN breaks on alleged FSB kompromat after BuzzFeed releases the alleged UK intel officer doc. 
 AndrewsSuzanna Buzzfeed and CNN both say the claims have not been verified on US intel's end.
Senior House Republican Says Intel Shows Gitmo Detainees Returning to Terrorism 
 juliaioffe ps: what you've just published, Did you ask our intel agencies it was ok? Reason I ask, The whole report acts like an operation.
 davidfrum That makes them an accomplice. If they have intel PEOTUS unfit to serve, do what is right for the country now
Acer aspire r3 131t 4gb ram intel n3050 116 
No wonder he wants to discredit and dismantle the Intel community... 
Beyond mind-boggling - the most being that this intel has been around for months, yet we're set to inaugurate a tra… 
 KyleWOrton Seems wrong on two levels a) Entirely logical for FSB to penetrate such institutions even if not looking for specific intel
Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
 mcbyrne she shldnt teach ppl to carelessly believe that unverified doc from person claiming to be ex British intel officer is actual intel
But if he admitted to coordinating Intel with a foreign government to win an election, much less cool. 
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial ... - -  Finance  Money… 
The U.S. intelligence community needs to do a better job explaining Russian interference via  BV EXCELLENT READ!
 davidgregors  KeithOlbermann  realDonaldTrump Brit intel was first to intercept Russian spying and warn CIA
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him.  realDonaldTrump  
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say     - CNET 
"Former Russian intel office claims FSB (KGB successor) . . . [is] able to blackmail [Trump].  goldenleak
 FoxNews  MattFinnFNC Fox News not reporting this? Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him.
This explains why Trump doesn't want to deal with intel briefings. 
 
Intel chiefs presented Trump w/ claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Explains some behaviors?
Top Intel Chiefs Fear Trump Was Compromised By Russia. Rumors Of Golden Showers Involved!  MakeShowersGreatAgain… 
Couple things: 1) this report didn't come from US Intel so framing it as intelligence community vs. Trump is not accurate.
Buzz feed has published the secret intel report on Trumps ties to Putin's Russia. How can he be President after thi… 
Intel presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him with financial and personal info-RELEASE IT 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him
please tell me this will end it!
 ek_Bamzok Plus i personally think lots of people are to blame for this mess, including Obama. He had intel of stuff going bad with Russia's
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say     - CNET  pcmixnet
INVESTIGATE NOW 

Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
If that Intel report is even partially true, Trump is a freak AND he needs Jesus!!
 dodge truck leasing intel server chassis
 peterdaou  realDonaldTrump I believe the intel report. I'm a tad skeptical on the Buzzfeed report, though. It's just so....outlandish.
Of course Russian spies have intel on Trump, just look at wikileaks not once going after him.
My concern is what happens in a few weeks when new heads of intel agencies are coming in, principles that get their priorities from POTUS(3)
Actually, some guy who claims to be ex-british intel who's been shopping this story to oppo researchers claims this 
Back in the saddle: Report says Gitmo transfers want to rejoin fight 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  SocialIssueNews via  c0nvey
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  Ma1973sk via  c0nvey
I'll have you all know, this Trump intel stuff is hitting Twitter as  StardustChelsea and I are watching THE OMEN III: THE FINAL CONFLICT.
 noconfidence
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
I'm no Trump defender. My TL proves that. I'm shocked  BuzzFeedNews went to print with unverified intel 
 XKubiak  sarahkendzior 10 more days, and the US intel community will have a new boss...Looking forward to the purge.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN 
🎶It's the remix to ignition, Trump Russian Intel Edition,
Turns out that Putin was payin, and she charged extra for… 
Well that will work out well.  realDonaldTrump soooo pissed right now about the Intel on him and Russia coziness/sh… 
Top intel officials say  Russia claims it has  compromising info on Donald  Trump

Gee, what a surprise! 

via  Mic
THIS IS GETTING RIDICULOUS. BOOT HIM!! Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 texastechmommy  ddale8 right and our intel agencies deem it credible
Trump throws shade on the Intel Community- he's an international criminal and the clock is ticking...
 TrumpLeaks
 
Link to leaked intel report regarding Trump-Russian links, election operations. 
If this is true, then it is probably both ironic and a bad sign that this came from US Intel sources. 
Also note all of this is still UNVERIFIED at this point.  FBI, CIA, etc. in intel community are digging.  Journalists are digging.
 RonWyden Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN

Reading the intel summary of the FSB's videos of Trump. Includes videos of him engaging in sex with multiple... 
Sooo...Ummm...Just finished reading the Trump / Russian intel report. Golden showers? If that report is true, it explains alot. A-LOT. 😂😂😂
BUT! That's a big if. Have to be careful trusting raw intel dumps that clearly have an agenda.
 TrumpDirt Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
 davidenrich Would they really use such loose language in intel reports though? ('Hated Obana', etc).
Intel Chiefs Presented Trump With Claims Of Russian Efforts To Compromise Him 
This does explain why Trump was avoiding sitting down for intel briefings. He had a clue what he would be told. 
During recent briefing, intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him, CNN reports via  USATODAY
 notmypresident
Hp14 ac002tx intel core i5 5200u 4gb 14 
Okay three peicea of news.

Intel report is likely fake
Telegram maybe hacked
Trump peed on somebody? 

Are these related?
 KeithOlbermann  realDonaldTrump I believe this is a "False flag" operation by our  kittykutter Intel chiefs  CIA  DoD and pentagon.
Senior House Republican Says Intel Shows Gitmo Detainees Returning to Terrorism via  nataliejohnsonn
Intel Chiefs Presented Trump With Claims That Russia Has ‘Compromised’ Him via  intelligencer
Wait. So,  SenJohnMcCain turned over this Russia/Trump intel to the FBI and then STILL SUPPORTED HIM FOR PRESIDENT???
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  comradetrump
It occurs to me that perhaps Bill O'Reilly leaked the Trump/Russia intel as his huge harassment scandal is now by the wayside.
 MSNBC 
INTEL: Trump in cahoots with Russia. "There was a continuing exchange" of info during campaign B/T Trump camp & Russian operatives.
Intel chiefs present Trump with Russian efforts to compromise him. The Trump transition team declined to comment.


US Intel: Russia hacked Republican groups during election  CIO 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with details of Russian efforts to compromise him; they have the goods on him 
 Maddow If US Intel can prove a Trump/Russia/Putin election interference before 1/20, then what? Can we keep Obama? Please?!
Reading about Shitbag McGee and his obsession with Golden Showers is something I never asked for so thanks intel brief!!!!
 dbernstein me reading the intel* report 
 ezlusztig  imfabulous13 What is your proof it isn't the Intel Report. 
If only the PEOTUS had some way of communicating directly to people his disgust at intel agencies, preferably 140 chars at a time.
What if the intel dossier is distracting us from the horrific Cabinet appointees, who are distracting us from the Meryl Streep fracas?
Top intel officials say Russia claims it has compromising info on Donald Trump via  Mic
 elinbenja i *think* it all came from the intel reports that were briefed this week. it's likely the agencies knew but they're barred
So... this new Intel report on the Russia/Trump connections is a real pisser, am I right?
I know it's a less colorful story, but official (non Buzzfeed) intel regarding collusion between Trump and Russia i… 
 TrumpCompromised: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
It makes it all the more likely that if we do ever get our hands on good intel, the voters and most of GOP will not give a fig.
If the leaked Intel reports about  realDonaldTrump are true, would that qualify as treason?  youbetyourass
 KellyannePolls Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Damn so that means trump sat there and was told by our Intel community he was COMPROMISED  TheResistance
"Former intel dude." Nice. 
But in light of  goldenshowers in the new intel report, he must be talking about different gold?  smh  disgrace 
 draiochta14 He doesn't need Russia or Intel. He is doing more harm to himself.
The news today takes Russian hacking,  realDonaldTrump's collusion & the partisan actions of our intel agencies to… 
"Why does PEOTUS keep taking Asange amd Putin over US"?  Intel chiefs inform Trump of Russian claims

Talk about *leaked* intel! Ba-dim-ching!  PEEOTUS
Today I learned from  NYTimes & Intel reports Bill OReilly jerks off making harassing phone calls & Donald's into G… 
 Blurred_Trees Trump was snagged. Y do u think he refused 2 believe intel reports.  HeIsGoingDown
 ddale8 in addition to the pee talk are several references to giving intel to trump on Clinton.  Seems more important
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET 
 MartinCostell16  GeneKerrigan Well if the Intel organisation is publishing info of this nature .. what's its problem with Snowden , Manning
 llaverotec Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET 
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET  TECH 
 Tecnología  Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET 
 davidfrum  jjmacnab Sen. Shumer warned that taking on intel community was stupid. "They have 6 ways from Sundays at getting back at you."
U.S. intel allegedly warned Trump that Russia has compromising ‘personal and financial’ information about him 
 schadenfreude>  whatshisname probably PO'd info from Intel Orgs abt  russia's  blackmail material has been passed around in the  Congress!
 ErinSchrode  lhfang do u seriously believe an unverified doc from a person claiming to be a former British intel officer is actual intel?
Report: Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him via  usatoday
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him. Geopolitics &  CyberSecurity... 
 SeanDeLauder  BadAstronomer are inherently unreliable for various reasons. It may all be true, but impeachment on classified intel is bad.
 climatebrad  stacyherbert  exxonmobil  ACSHorg It was in the Intel report. That Russia helped them.
Agreed, but the intel community at least found this credible enough to share it with both  POTUS & Trump 
Gartner Analyst Brian Blau reviewed Intel’s VR headset at CES 2017 
 Coondawg68 intel tends to be insubstantial - if int considers this the equivalent of a terrorist w/ a nuke it might be interesting
PC World:  Intel's dying Atom chip takes a last gasp in Chuwi's cheap Surface Book clone . More  Energy  news - 
But he release of this info was coordinated with the intel hearing for a reason
"LEAKED" Intel has never been so literal.  MAGA
 MikePenceVP  Darren32895836
Does this mean  FBI & Intel took hear say? NO hard evidence?
J. Comey Clouseau no Sherlock &
Clapper no Holmes.
Revealing EVERYTHING would probably compromise other intel gathering & operatives.
Intel chiefs present Trump w claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Why not on your homepage  NYT?
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat  topnews
Well, smart people were saying Trump was foolish to get the intel community pissed at him...
Vile intel brief. 
 sarahkendzior warned us about  Kompromat months ago

 TheResistance 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  RealDLHughley via  c0nvey
Real talk: unless the video alleged in intel report is produced, it's just unsubstantiated innuendo about Trump that won't change anything
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  dannysullivan via  c0nvey
Read the intel on Trump for yourself. 
Some very good questions being asked about the authenticity of the leaked intel, but Twitter is comedy GOLD right now. Pun intended.
This is raw intel, but the smoke v fire issue applies, plus some of this I have independently corroborated.


The sad thing to think about is how many intel folks might have had info BEFORE election, and either blew it or were paid to be silent
The Trump intel report... quite a paragraph indeed 
I realize this intel is extremely raw and unverified; but ... I'm just at a loss for words.  russianhack 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise... by  CNN via  c0nvey
New Intel Suggests Russia Has Compromising Information On Donald Trump Follow  newsvibez and get the latest!!
 cnnbrk No wonder he was avoiding intel briefings! What a sham! Hey idiots, how do you like *dem* apples?
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN

 AlanMCole  JohnJHarwood I trust the intel community.
 modestproposal1 now the standard spy game of: is this authentic intel or a nearly-authentic fake designed to confound real issues?
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  QuestPhysics via  c0nvey
Top Intel Chiefs Fear Trump Was Compromised By Russia. Rumors Of Golden Showers Involved. 
 laureneoneal Intel agencies presented the blackmail as allegation, but are more confident about direct contact btwn Trump staff and RUS gov
Kids, don't believe everything you read on the Internet. But, this is from the Intel report, so.. 
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET  election2016 
Am I the only one alarmed that an int'l spy agency had this much material on US leaders &  that *their* spy agencies & intel didn't know it?
 RickGrimes  Michonne  TWD  Season7B  AOW

The Walking Dead' Releases New Intel and Photos via  ew
 realDonaldTrump lied about this after intel briefing claimed RNC wasn't hacked 
Jesus, if half the (unverified) claims in tgat intel briefing are true, this is the biggest US political scandal since Watergate, maybe ever
 Husaria  CommissarTaco imagine if this intel report came out a week before the election.
 AlanMCole  JohnJHarwood All good and fair points, but why would intel chiefs present this to Trump and Obama if it didn't have some legs?
 jasoninthehouse We are now finding out about allegations from Intel community that Trump surrogates were in contac… 
Did Comey sit on this Trump-Russia intel during the election? If he did, would that be considered treason? Serious/honest question.
Senators push IC on whether Russia hacked GOP 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN / PERSONAL AND FINANCIAL INFO!  
Intel Joule shipments blocked in key countries, pending certification - PCWorld 
Maybe the intel dude meant this when he said "golden showers"  GoldenShowers
 FreehFan  dylanmatt  jonathanchait There's nothing to make me doubt he'd do it. It's a regular SOP for RU intel. Means, motive, opportunity
Leaked intel.
IMO, What a load of Bull! It makes zero sense and reads like a 7th grader wrote that garbage! "gathering intel for… 
Royce: Intel community says Gitmo detainees are returning to terrorism - Washington Examiner (blog) 
Intel Chiefs tell Trump that Russians say they have compromising information on him!!!! - Business Insider 
 moorehn  Pete__Simon true, but the intel briefing info is enough to make the point in any event.
Sources include anon Russian ex-intel 👍🏼 &prostitutes;
also alleges Kremlin "engaged" with Jill Stein. 
Makes the V… 
 April_lotus19 the source of this intel is HIGHLY QUESTIONABLE. not named. it's in all our best interest to be skeptical of intel svcs
Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him -  PEOTUS already a Traitor: CNN
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - 
Was a Trump server communicating with a Russian bank? These cyber experts believe so.   slate Now US Intel may too?
 TheGiantHogweed absolutely.. I'll let the intel community do their work  JenniferJJacobs
 realDonaldTrump I heard about that Intel report. You NASTY!! AND you NEED Jesus!!
Top story: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compr… see more 
 GF4_93  BuzzFeedNews It's got some of the direct sources CNN has been citing today, that US Intel has been drawing on.
Top story: CNN Breaking News on Twitter: "CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented… see more 
Ignorance. Did you read the intel report? They did not hack the election in any way.  kguild19  TowerofLloyd
 KevinBuist It says that they just finished investigating the British operative whose intel it was, and determined him to be credible
 AgentIceBlue  atensnut So the Russians and Wiki have both said that. You believe a hostile nation and a nefarious… 
 rkelly I need an expert's opinion on the recent Intel about Trump.
 lhfang "former intel dude". Lee, quit your job. You will never write for the New York Times.

 WDFx2EU49
 realDonaldTrump So I guess Intel withheld meeting with you because they had to black out your involvement? No surprise here.
 th3v0t4ry no, it's not Russians claiming to have kompromat. It's US intel claiming they do. Different sources, you see?
 texastechmommy  ddale8 this came from the intel report, this is from our own government agencies!
PLEASE PLEASE LEAK LEAK Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Yeah and intel types have never manipulated the media before. 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him

This is the thread on the leaked Intel. It's everything you need. 
 News 'Clueless' US Intel Report on 'Russian Hack' Becomes a 'Laughingstock' 
 USPatriot16  JenniferJJacobs 
It's either fake or intel.
Bye bot!
Okay, seriously, this intel report convo on Twitter while I'm looking at a long night of research isn't fair.
Russian intel at this point probably wants to privately overstate the amount of kompromat they have, just to inject more chaos.
 JackMurphyRGR do you think his recent statement after seeing intel report helped or hurt with CIA relations?
 MichaelStahlke didn't CNN say that the Intel community has deemed his past work reliable? C6 maybe?
Intel chiefs presented Trump & Obama with claims that Russians have compromising personal & financial info on Trump 
Obviously this is why he worked so hard to denigrate the intel community. The truth is impossible for him. 
If you're tempted to spread that unverified intel right now, just remember — all that glitters is not gold.
HEADLINES: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compr… see more 
 OneShotRP&G Grand juries convict ham sandwiches and we did bengazi hearings for a year on less Intel. If they wanted to, they would.
 joshtpm I did when I read it in MJ late October. This news is that our intel agencies found the source credible. Deserves serious digging.
Hassanein Hiridjee inspiration:  Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Ru… see more 
CNN seemingly confirming it 

Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 maddow CNN breaking news: Intel says Trump compromised by Russians. No surprise to some of us. Bet the "press conference" gets canceled!
SHOWS WHY US INTEL NEEDS TO BE TOTALLY RESTRUCTURED  TOP DOWN  THIS IS THEIR DEEP STATE AT WORK 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him -… see more 
RELEASE THE RUSSIAN INTEL ON  realDonaldTrump! THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DEMAND TO KNOW!
 pattonoswalt Funny to watch  Sessions face dur  alfranken ?ing inre intel just now. Like, "Umm...is something big breaking outside room?"
Russia blackmailing Trump with compromising dirt they have on him trusted Intel source says.
Tell me again how... 
Buzzfeed has the full dossier on the Trump/Russia intel report  
 greta Need hacking expert 2 explain email source ID can be faked.  APT28 is only an example, not ID'd by US intel.
My sources say US intel orgs have hired an Ikea assembly manual developer to create Trump intel briefs with "lots of pictures & no words."
1. Significance of  CNN  DavidCornDC report. Really explosive stuff. US Intel addendum confirms what most people su… 
The Glenn Quagmire ☣ - Globe Top story: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claim… see more 
“dossier, compiled by…[reportedly] former British intel official, allege Russia has compromising info on Trump” 
Top story: muyinteresante Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian e… see more 
In evidenza per Marco Contini Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russi… see more 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  Not funny anymore.
That leaked memo is just something complied by a retired intel officer, right? And the CNN report confirms some of it as legit?
Lo mejor del momento!! Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian effo… see more 
Intel chiefs inform Trump of Russian claims: 
Is this golden showers report separate from the intel report about Russian blackmail? What ever happened to character and honor?
Impeachment worthy.  Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Yeah, given the sourcing to Russian intel officers, I'd be skeptical. 
In evidenza: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to com… see more 
 harikunzru I would hope that US Intel didn't put POTUS in a hotel "known" to be bugged by the FSB
 realDonaldTrump What a bunch of traitors!!!! Disgusting!!!!
Intel chiefs inform Trump of Russian claims

CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  AC360 via  c0nvey
 1Tricky_Dick  jaketapper Apparently Trump was told YET he came out of INTEL briefing deriding Dems 4 lax Security.I'm doin' more research 😕
Not sure what I find more troubling within the intel report on Trump - The golden showers or the choice of font. Very troubling indeed.
Hence its importance in helping public understand what's in these "briefings" circulated by US Intel etc 
 Gooberzilla The point is that US intel apparently presented him with evidence that they know what Russia knows.
Intel chiefs told Trump of Russian efforts to compromise him as known by intel agencies, in Congress +govt officials 
The steady drip of leaks from the Intel community is very troubling. 
During WW2 OSS head Wild Bill Donovan ordered an intel report on Hitler revealing sex proclivities much like Trump's 
I didn't like Trump poo-pooing on the intel community
Nor do I like our intel community retaliating against a POTUS.
 ggreenwald this thing even has the wrong date on the bottom of page 6. I sincerely hope intel people can at least keep years straight
Intel chiefs presented  realDonaldTrump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  zamanalwsl… 
Trump's connections with Russia, financial, political, coordination of intel - been obvious for a while   JustShowingOff  justinjm1
US may hold its fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
 kristenwarner Sometimes this distrust of the intel community is laughable. AND I'M THE GUY who is normally "these dudes are GD horrible."
Wow! Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
 ek_Bamzok So for now, if this intel is proven I only see Trump impeached and Pence taking over which will please the GOP actually
->CNN Fake News<- 100% of these CNN "unnamed sources" articles involving intel I have read were a lie.  Trump  MAGA 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics This a  MustRead
Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of Russian efforts to ... :...
Intel chiefs inform Trump of Russian claims!

compromised US presidency? Will he be allowed to take oath of office? 
 leehayespr what's your take on intel that trump has been compromised..Russians have dirt on him?
 realDonaldTrump Really..nothing going on you could tweet about right now?So this is why you delegitimized intel. agencies makes sense now.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 'Hacking' is a 'crime'
Trump building a cabinet of billionaires (not for the people) & is now shown as a Russian puppet by intel agencies. Do y'all fell dumb now?
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him

To believe Russia is leaking this is Martian turd!
T
 SeanDeLauder  BadAstronomer Watergate source was extremely credible and had first hand knowledge of wrong-doing. Foreign intel sources...
Some pretty explosive allegations about Trump’s ties to Russia in the Intel dossier as per Buzzfeed 
 AgentIceBlue  atensnut What evidence do you have of this? Nobody in Public office believes anything so daft. Evide… 
 intel Chiefs show  PEOTUS Claims of  Russia Efforts 2 Compromise Him.   FBI: NOT Confirmed. NOT corroborated  CNN | 
 KenBerry611 so an unnamed intel asset says trump likes golden showers and you believed him with no material evidence?
 haaretzcom  realDonaldTrump Trump as you remember, the British gave wrong intel information about Iraq to force Bush to go to war.
 thinkdefence Not being sourced as MI-6 (at least not in the US).  Being sourced as from private US intel company tasked with oppo research
 ananavarro They'll be too focused on the "golden shower" reference in the Intel memo to turn away.
Only on page two of the leaked intel report, but prostitutes and golden showers has me hooked. Will  realDonaldTrump make it to the 20th?
they had this sitting there. i am not sure about why they went with what when. the war betweeen trumpers and intel… 
 igorvolsky The real question is how long is the US Intel community going to hold on to this info before taking action if it is true
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - 
                
                                  - ... 
So top secret anon sourced intel officers claim Trump has been working with Russia for 5years... and found this out 10 days b4 inauguration🤔
How will this man be President of our country? Just when you thought it couldn't get any crazier…intel briefing on… 
Eventually this will be fun reading.  Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
So Russia may have a Trump sex tape. Ugggh. Excerpt from intel report just published by  BuzzFeed  RussianHacks 
Assange blasts 'embarrassing' US intel report, insists Russia not his source | 
NEW YORK: CNN: Intel chiefs last week told Trump Russia claims to have compromising personal and financial info about him that can hurt him.
Intel chiefs presented T***p with claims of Russian kompromat -- um claims!?! "Walking talking kompromat Machine" 
 lhfang We know from WikiLeaks and US Intel that those documents were not forged.  What do we know about this in terms of reliability?
Intel chiefs presented Drumpf with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
That a former MI6 agent - who IS credible w/ CIA - along w/ sharing Intel w/ only most highest ranking officials, i… 
I'll be honest. I don't know about this intel about Trump.
 Morning_Joe  SenBobCorker 
INTEL: Trump hearts Russia. "There was a continuing exchange" of info during campaign B/T Trump camp & Russia.
Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia has dirt on him: report 
Retweeted nixCraft ( nixcraft):

Debugging mechanism in Intel U-series CPUs allows seizing control via USB port... 
New Intel Suggests Russia Has Compromising Information On Donald Trump  SuCity  Music
 pczapla You're aghast, I'm pissed. This deluge of intel has been a flood of craziness.
tfw an oligarch comes up in a slightly see-me-after-class-quality intel report on Trump and you've been in his house, terrified, for money
Holy shit, not only is rump getting intel from Russia he’s passing it back to them. The China hardline is a cover for his illegal activities
CNN: Us intel relied on yet another foreign ex spook, who had "friends" & assure Trump was in on it w/da Russians
 
Wow! Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him   HispanicNews
 pdxpratt totally explains his dumping on the intel community. Discredit before the borscht hits the fan.
New Intel Suggests Russia Has Compromising Information On Donald Trump 
New Intel Suggests Russia Has Compromising Information On Donald Trump: The report has fueled renewed…  article
 mviser I'm betting he cancels, or dodges all Russian intel questions.
. Susan_Hennessey Harry Reid told CIA to feed Trump fake intel & Schumer said CIA would get revenge, so anything CIA says is prob a lie/fake
New Intel Suggests Russia Has Compromising Information On Donald Trump
 realDonaldTrump Intel proves Trump worked with Russians to rig election. STOP PUTINS PUPPET NOW BEFORE HE TAKES OFFICE.  FRAUD
Obviously, now is a prime time to release any half-baked intel you feel like shopping around.
This is crazy.. Russians have damaging intel on Trump too :) :) 
 BrandyLJensen This "former intel" claiming I asked Alexis, er, a prostitute to piss on me is a bold faced lie, folks. Sad!
During recent briefing, intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him, CNN reports  
CNN just released this intel gathered by Russia on Trump 😂😂😂 
All seen this movie LOL, they just presented Trump with all the dirt they have on him, expecting obedience  auspol 
Who fed  DannyZuker the intel report? 
 pts: Here’s the link to the whole leaked intel report, detailing  Trump- Russia links, corruption & election ops:… 
 shadihamid (it is also a point of interest that suddenly, now winds have turned, Russian intel ops are again a legitimate political weapon)
During recent briefing, intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him, CNN reports via  USATODAY
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 'Absolute truth' needed!
Intel chiefs told  realDonaldTrump that Russia has dirt on him: report | New York Post 
 eyejosh yes we are very at Intel  too bad we don't use it properly May knew all the time and send BOJO to book an appointment with him 😨😵😷
 dilitas  thinkdefence Mess with the bull, get the horns.  People without discretion should use caution when dumping on intel agencies.
In Today's News - Intel, Facebook, Integral, Apple, Seagate, and PS4  SSD  Solidstate  datacenter  cloudstorage
 Metalmoccha  CNN the whole INTEL System is broken. Bush, Clinton, Bush, Obama/Clinton...Globalists being exposed! To be continued.
The official intel community reports fell flat, so the spooks had to get freaky. Really...they have jumped the shar… 
Holy intel *inserts eye emojis*
US Intel: Russia hacked Republican groups during election Michael Kan 
the year is 2018. Trump has fired the CIA, FBI and dismissed all intel. that's all. no punchline just a prediction of mine
do you suppose intel community allegations that  realdonaldtrump likes golden showers will
( •_•)
( •_•)>⌐■-■
piss him off
(⌐■_■)
It has come from multiple intel agencies. 
 MrMammarelli lol seeing that our Intel community is realising the information I think I can trust it. Just as you believe a child molester.
 revrrlewis  AndyRichter Thank you.  Somehow the focus is on intel agents briefing Trump about the report, instead of the report contents!
 PolitiBunny This subject is actually WHY I deactivated  slickerytrigger . To much disinfo and counter-intel.  EF517_V2  vjeannek
"Golden Showers"  
 MichaelCohen212 was  realDonaldTrump  bag man w Russian intel, bribes, corruption we need to delay  Inauguration2017
Welp. Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - 
Shocked that Comey took  emailgate more serious than  pissgate. There is actual intel sharing from Kremlin to Trump Team.
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him 
Or could it be obama's Intel community is janky and corrupt? 
Here's how Intel works: this is their report. Sources are marked. There are three here. How do newspapers vet work… 
 seanmdav what did you expect from a guy who got fired for going to Turkish bathhouses to "gather intel"
UPDATE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Too much info on 'both '
A continuing exchange of info between "Trump surrogates" (Roger Stone? Carter Page? Mike Flynn?) and Russian intel… 
Some are saying that many of the scoops that I've broken on here have also come from mysterious former British intel operatives.
With all of Trump’s dumping on US intel agencies maybe this was what he was anticipating & tried to diminish their cred w/ the public. /17
 realDonaldTrump  TrumpOfTreason Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  WTF
Intel Community Releases Its Russia ‘Hacking’ Report  
 realDonaldTrump -"Now intel agencies claiming Russia has damning info on me. Untrue! Good friend Vladimir would never stoop to blackmail."
 markfollman  MotherJones  DavidCornDC Intel agencies haven't got anything right since 1st wtc bombing. Either inco… 
Those intel memos have a good probability of being inaccurate or even fake. His real, verified, actions are already… 
Hard to dispute facts. There may be fake news but not fake national intel. 
 b_ofrights  kittenninja42  theintercept I wish I was an intel agent. This is fun and I am a highly pattern focused suspicious person.
 bookdal  FiercelyNormal The intel community kinkshamed peotus.
 bakedalaska  lhfang well those "Intel dudes" are really reliable, so let's believe them, even though we have no idea who those dudes are.
 Whoa

 Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of  Russian efforts to compromise him

Agreed. Personally thinking the most concerning part is that this intel is circulating internationally and other na… 
Boom! Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Yikes: Intel chiefs told Trump Russia claims to have compromising personal and financial information on him« Hot Air 
FBI wouldn't include this source in an intel brief if they deemed it bogus. Neither has it been confirmed. Considered developing...
 KeithOlbermann  BuzzFeed The British, ex MI6 agent was hired by the GOPe and then by Hillary. This intel is all very suspect.
 AthertonKD If even if it isn't true, we now know that that British intel officer has a pretty specific fetish
New Intel Suggests Russia Has Compromising Information On Donald Trump  
Intel on golden showers... just... 
8 Tools to Enhance Your Customer Experience On Mobile: You…  Customer_Experience  business… 
Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him.  CIA  NSA… 
Intel Chiefs are not going so far as to say he is compromised. But you gotta figure that he is. My guess is he will… 
I wonder if the Intel report revealing Russian ties to Trump is having any effect on his tweeting?
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - Comey KNEW 
Intelligence report: Russia hacked the RNC, may have dirt on Trump In a pair of political bombshells, the US intel… 
 SeanLTheWriter  CharlesMBlow I'm hoping the weight of the intel & multiple people informed will make this tipping point
 thafreshstkd305  Vixen35x1000 y'all read the Intel report on the Russian hacking it's disturbing. 
We need 2 remember this when rushing 2 accept/reject reports w/out reading critically. How intel agencies phrase th… 
 truth casement window notebook intel core i7 dell
Retweeted Lee Fang ( lhfang):

Document by former intel dude claims Russian intel has videos of prostitutes... 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Hillary cannot win anyway
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him  Investing
 Lawrence 
 maddow 
 chrislhayes 
PLEASE get on this Intel that  realDonaldTrump hacked n Russians hv Dirt on him! Security Issue! Help us!
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him  Money  Finance  Economic…
Shut this shit down. They had Russian spies on U.S. soil voluntarily given intel?
 stefanie__92  cnnbrk notice how it says "they presented him with Intel" they're now trying to get trump to go to war with Russia
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him - 
New Intel Suggests Russia Has Compromising Information On Donald Trump  hiphopnews  hiphop… 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  NEVERPACKUP via  c0nvey
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  marcylauren via  c0nvey
 HipHopNews New Intel Suggests Russia Has Compromising Information On Donald Trump 
Top Intel Officials Now Say That Russia Has Some Dangerous Dirt On Donald Trump (DETAILS) 
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat | Reuters 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 hottopics386 
Surprise, surprise! Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Intel shifting to focus on the autonomous driving industry via  rww 40+ gigabytes a day of data from cars
 natehanco  BadAstronomer Intel issue there. Too much speculation. Woodward/Bernstein used an anonymous source to bring down Nixon.
 TuckerCarlson with Russian Intel officers, will seek new elections, Democrats have little to lose as Reps have Pres, House and Senate  coup
 funder  aclu  splcenter  Khanoisseur Download this intel report before it disappears: 
From the  BuzzFeed report on Trump: DJT team alleged to pass intel to Russians on oligarchs & families: 
Where will it end.  CNNPolitics: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
So... this is the report that head intel chiefs gave to the president of the United States? Complete w 'trump HATES the obamas'? LMAOO
 ananavarro Hence demand 4 name of person who gave Intel to NBC. T's worried. I'm gonna be bummed if it's just another pu  y grabbing tape.
If this intel existed, even if it weren't TRUE, Harry Reid would've released it on the floor of the Senate.  So, I'… 
 FishyPlays  dpakman First, the Democrats don't have that kind of power over the US intel community. Second, Clappe… 
 juliaioffe This, and confirmation of Trump+Russia campaign connections from our intel community... best questions.
 realDonaldTrump Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him. You are going down, DT.
This explosive Mother Jones report from Oct being given new life after today's intel hearings.… 
 realDonaldTrump doesn't matter.... you don't believe intel anyway...
In short: Trump likes Golden Showers and other perverted activities that RUS has used to blackmail. Have had 2-way… 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Still think, made up.
 Trump was bailed out of bankruptcy by Russian crime bosses & our allies are afraid to share intel with us b/c of Trump & golden showers
To be clear, I don't yet know how credible this intel brief is, but it's worth familiarizing oneself with the content.
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  MichaelAusiello via  c0nvey
there's a typo, **leaked** intel.
(Thanks, I'll be here all week!)
To recap: it's an open secret in intel that  realDonaldTrump was taped by FSB in a Golden Shower party with paid participants...
Intel report  realDonaldTrump enjoying lewd sex acts- GOLDEN SHOWER   The Ritz!!!!  In the same room  POTUS stayed. 
The Latest: Nominee says he accepts intel reports on Russia - NBC12 Newsiy nn           .   
WOW! Intel chiefs presented  realDonaldTrump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Former MI6 agent gets info from Russian intel that can compromise the president elect...that is problematic, yet, v… 
 kristenwarner He just keeps spouting the same shit a lot of my far left people do: "Don't trust Intel" blah blah blah.
Preparing for a Job Interview -  SecretSquirrel  Intel
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him ( incl. byline of  carlbernstein ) 
Maybe Russian Intel knows  realDonaldTrump wears gloves to make his hands look bigger.
I wonder if  POTUS has seen this intel the IntelComm delivered... hmmm. I'd love to hear some encouragement...
2/ ex-Russian intel officers believe they have enough information to blackmail Trump. p1. 
Intel report also cited info Russia is holding to blackmail  DonaldTrump. I'm sure that has nothing to do with why he won't condemn Putin.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him -  
Read with well placed skepticism. This is as raw as Intel can get. Plenty of source allegation while directly sayin… 
Get 30% Off now!

Same source that gave us intel on WMD's?
Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia has dirt on him: report | New York Post 
Intel on Russian efforts to compromise Trump. ....We.Were.Warned. 
Report: U.S. intel told Trump that Russia claims to have 'compromising' info on him 
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat

 cavsfanaholic Buzzfeed & others are publishing Classified version of Intel rpt released on Fri saying Russia has very Compromising info 1/2
Alleged sources of the Raw intel 
[49] Intel Joule shipments blocked in key countries, pending certification  realtime 
Today's Bogus  QUOTE

"All the intel I got is inconclusive. And Sarah Palin said she couldn't see Russia hacking fr… 
 WickedestWitch1  mmpadellan Please reveal all of your secret intel about his real goal to line his pockets.  Yawn.
[33] US Intel: Russia hacked Republican groups during election  realtime 
 National US may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat - Reuters 
 ericdemamp  JenniferJJacobs Maybe he should have treated the intel community with the respect he demands from police who risk MUCH less
"Leaked intel" is now a double entendre.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics He ahí a sus 'amigos'
[73] Intel's dying Atom chip takes a last gasp in Chuwi's cheap Surface Book clone   realtime 
Intel shifting to focus on the autonomous driving industry 
 IoT  News 
The difference is, the FBI JUST corroborated the British Intel - and consider 'very credible." 
 HaraldDoornbos my favourite, also in cooperation with british Intel 
This is so shady, and yet Dem lawmakers, liberal journalists, and intel officials have no qualms hyping it up. 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with Russian efforts 2 compromise him  CNNPolitics TOLD U PUTIN IS BLACKMAILING TRUMP!
This new intel on Trump could really piss him off. IF YOU CATCH MY MEANING.
 ohkaydoh  Magician247  donna_dishman Evidence is still just hearsay, with no hard evidence. Moreover, the public don't trust Intel agencies
Gadgets360: The  Asus R558UQ boasts of performance upgrade and will be offered in two models 
we are definitively in crazy land. that US intel is even treating these allegations as worthy of investigation, how… 
Brit intel: Trump's Ties To Russia -allegations of contact btwn aides & operatives, sex acts documented by Russia 
 former_f1doc What's the betting that the next POTUS (no longer convinced it'll be Trump!) doesn't dismiss daily intel briefings?
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him  Economy
 josephfischer09  RakSingh1  anaIdirgeprat he even publically backed Wikileaks over US Intel reports about Russian influence on election.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian' having information to compromise him


Hard to believe that  russians had compromising business and other intel on  realDonaldTrump nothing showed up in his  taxreturns oh wait. .
 davidfrum 
We have a PEOTUS indicated today with connectn 2 Russian INTEL & Hannity is going to talk about where we pee! GOD HELP THE USA!
 JoyAnnReid  MalcolmNance  cnnbrk Trump colludes w/Kremlin prior to election. What does intel community know, and when did they know it?
CNN: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  andersoncooper via  c0nvey
Intel Outs Kaby Lake Pentium CPUs With Hyper-Threading 
Re: Latest Trump Russia Intel Allegations 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics "pay to play?" Why?
This is the beginning of investigations. There's a lot we don't know. But this was presented to the President. It's… 
⭐DEVELOPING NEWS⭐Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia has dirt on him: report via  nypost
Leaked intel takes on a whole new meaning
I guess  China knew about this Intel Report before  Trump & it´s  payback time...Say Hello to Uncle Xi....… 
Wikileaks said they had intel on  ComradeTrump months ago but refused to release it.  What did that tell you?   New_OrleansJazz  th3j35t3r
 pollshub  SimpsonMorgan  SnowbieWan There is the safety of CONFIDENTIAL informants who are intel officers to consider b4 releasing 2 public
Of course, the Democrats won't make use of any of the recent intel because they are fucking losers
Dossier complied by former UK spy, US intel finds credible, of Russian info on Trump. Obama & Trump both briefed la… 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics ResistTrump TheResistance
 thecommonmanuk Losing their minds.  An ex-MI6 officer who happened to have some stray intel to share?  Dodgy dossier all over again.
Here is the article I did before the election on the allegation Russia intel... by  DavidCornDC via  c0nvey
 realDonaldTrump To review: you were told by top figures in US intel there was a credible report the Russians had compromising info on you.
BuzzFeed publishing what is says is intel dossier of explosive allegations about Trump’s ties to Russia.… 
Okay, so if intel chiefs telling Trump that Russia has dirt on him was meant to break up him & Putin, wrong tactic. Wouldn't you be nice!?
 isaacdovere if intel agencies felt okay briefing prez and house leaders, diff than fake news right?
 AgentIceBlue  atensnut It's not a fake report. There are now 7 Intel reports from different agencies and countries… 
 KaraCalavera you read
The claim is that Comey is testifying in front of Intel committee not that they already know
But carry on madly
 Susan_Hennessey Want vs reality are two diff things. At what point has intel or justice dept within the Obama administrator been credible?
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him

This proves it. Treason!  
 th3j35t3r According to the reports, they all knew before the election and they let this happen...Obama, intel chiefs, senate, they all knew
 mviser Oh, would that have during the intel briefings he was too "smart" to bother with? Good call, orange dumdum. 
. realDonaldTrump Leaked intel: Russia exploited   realDonaldTrump's “sexual perversion” & acts involving prostitut… 
Intel chiefs presented  Blackmail -Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - 
 BarackObama please tell us you're staying & trump is disqualified bc of intel.
 talesofberseria demo was fun! My laptop wanted to lag it in certain spots though, but I blame running it on a laptop with Intel HD Graphics
Come on this intel report was made up by two guys on a couch drinking Red Bull.   soundfamiliar
'Former British intel officer' with anonymous sources says Trump is being blackmailed for having golden showers with prostitutes in Russia
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  realDonaldTrump illegitimate always  
U.S. intel chiefs say Trump camp exchanged info with Russian gov’t during campaign -  TCOT  conservative
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him… 
I don't always tweet, but when I do, I tweet about intel briefs detailing collusion between Russia and our PEOTUS.… 
I new Trump shouldn't be peckering with the Intel Community. Cross your fingers it may get worse for Trump and his… 
So has  realDonaldTrump avoided intel briefings so he wouldn't have info for the Russians to pry out of him?
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  TraitorTrump
 BREAKING US Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him: CNN
 Google RWW: Intel shifting to focus on the autonomous driving industry 
 IoT  News 
Read the intel report for yourself. It's linked to here: These Reports Allege Trump Has Deep Ties To Russia 
During recent briefing, intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him, CNN reports 
We've been tweeting for weeks that Trump's denials of the intel were based on hiding his involvement. Now it's proved.  NOTMYPRESIDENT
Explosive (but unverified) allegations  Russian govt been "assisting” Pres-Elect Trump for years. Full intel report… 
 tracysellsFL  tomcoates He denied there was russian hack even w/ the intel. He won't do something about something he claims doesn't exist.
I have compromising intel on Donald Trump: once in 1981 he did a good deed and didn't tell anyone
 maddow there are several other ways that is a weak headline. It could also be mis-read as US intel compromising Trump.
0MG -is this supposedly from the USG Intel report! 
 USA During recent briefing, intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him, CNN reports: Russian spies…… 
 dixondaver yeah, it's a private Intel firm's assessment and information. Take with a grain of salt, but man, some juicy stuff in there.
BREAKING pt.6 - Leaked intel:

 Russia Embassy official in  Washington was withdrawn to  Moscow at short notice due… 
 JLiGr He'll blow it off,but intel agents will look into it until they get to truth about trump being compromised by  Russia  TheResistance
 Intel chiefs presented  KKKrump with claims of  Russian efforts to compromise him. KKKrump ignores them.

 igorvolsky what's crucial is this intel came from MI6!
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him


RWW: Intel shifting to focus on the autonomous driving industry 
 IoT  News 
 Nord_Eh Some have been saying this for some time. They gathered intel from his visits there, especially the last one.
 Kasparov63 We don't want Russian intel. assets armed with material to blackmail or intimidate an incoming commander-in-chief.
 pattonoswalt I guess it gives the phrase "intel leaks" a whole new meaning...
Well that was a no brainer! He's admitted it & any intel service would do it let alone Russia  FBI  CIA  NSA… 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him
trump c putin corruption not president
I didn't learn until opening my brand new USB 3.0 hub that USB 3.0 noise interferes with 2.4Ghz wireless devices 😭 
Also,  follow_holly is a true friend for passing along links to intel about Scheana.
Jeez. 

Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
 BillStamets [update] link to PDF of a 35-page, 19.9MB intel report on Russia's intel on Trump. Slightly redacted. 
Guaranteed that  POTUS &  LorettaLynch are leaking classified Russian intel to the media.  Treason  Russia
 RobbieGramer Agree to an extent, but I'd say that was because it wasn't written for typical audience of an intel brief
Wouldn't an intel guy spell Manafort right?
 mbalter I agree on waiting to see, but my point remains. It was gathered by a private intel firm for GOP anti-trump. Many could have leaked
 moorehn  dawnrsingh How long before Trump takes to his Twitter to deflect/deny this intel?
 NorthKorea ICBM test, might 'be happening' after all & it might be good Intel. Don't tell "it won't happen"  Trump 
. thereaIbanksy  Chude  nytimes  stanleyazuakola  ArtFeeIings Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian e… 
Trump warned during election that Russia had his financial info; intel re communication betw Team Trump & Russian i… 
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET Compared to the data theft faced by Democratic org… 
 News_Executive very convenient of them to find an old British Intel source... Where was he when our system was hacked before the primary?
 gazzahead  GeneKerrigan published by intel agency thst knows it's time is up
Russia's attempts at  TrumpCompromise. Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 ezlusztig  theresamax You're getting ahead of the story. Right now, it's leaks from intel sources. Those leaks need to be verified.
US may hold its fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
— GMA News (gmanews) January 10, 2017
There's still no evidence & not one name behind original claim in intel. All anomymous. via  YouTube
Imagine being Trump & having intel officials come to you with papers being all, "president-elect, about your supposed golden shower orgy.."
 MelissaTweets  dadz1949z Agree on 2-4 but I retain trust in the intel community. I do not trust the politicians wh… 
"Senate Staffers to Assess Intel Community’s Russian Hacking Report"  cybersecurity  feedly 
 tribelaw Is there legal basis for delaying the inauguration based on intel revelelations that Trump is likely compromised by the Russians?
You mean the same Intel community that couldn't find charges against Hillary Clinton when they had evidence? 
Leaked intel reveals very interesting things on Trump-Russia. However, has to be taken with a grain of salt.  
Working on  Intel  baytrail Linux/Android stuff and want to kms. What the heck were they smoking when they released this code...
 edsimms so Trump was hacked as well and damaging personal and financial is floating around the intel world. Intercepted by MI6.
Hence why he refuses to accept the consensus of intel comm. 
by this time next year, twitter accounts with egg avis and 5 followers will be considered an intel source.
 GeneKerrigan I thought Intel just made chips out there near Leixlip.
. BuzzFeedNews publishes intel report alleging Russian govt was “cultivating, supporting & assisting” Trump for yrs: 
Digital Trends for 2017: There were many trends that emerged in…  Digital_Marketing… 
 JWGOP John, what is the nature of documents such as this? How much is confirmed vs intel of unverifiable accuracy?
 QuadHD  Touchscreen with intel core i7. Fantastic laptop pc 
U.S. may hold fire on Juan Mata test to get intel, if no threat
That's a lot of highly disturbing unverified intel. 
 article New Intel Suggests Russia Has Compromising Information On Donald Trump: The report has fueled renewed…… 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise 
If the Intel report  BuzzFeed just published is confirmed then it contains quite the paragraph. Golden showers, pro… 
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET: Compared to the data theft… 
GOP Lawmaker Says Intel Shows Gitmo Detainees Returning to Terrorism 
 realDonaldTrump Intel report: GOP & Trump files also broken into by Russian hackers – only what they found was kept to use as leverage.
Second bombshell from classified US Intel Report: Russian operatives were in touch with Trump campaign all along. 
New Intel Suggests Russia Has Compromising Information On Donald Trump  article
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  HowardBeck via  c0nvey
 AlexaMRomero granted I'm still skeptical of Intel leak , but it's a disturbing trend.
 hannahblue3  b_fung nope he will be railing against intel for "leaking" information. Russia is all good. And the rest is fake news. Betcha.
 ggreenwald I'm all for skepticism, but the US IC could verify whether the person was in fact a British ex-intel agent, and presumably did.
REPORT: Intel chiefs tell Trump that Russian operatives claim to have compromising information on him 
Obviously leaks from anonymous intel sources should be viewed very sceptically. But still: lol.
On intel revelations of his Russian ties & being compromised by Putin, Trump had this to say:
Small business 
Small… 
Coming soon: Robust debate on whether websites should publish unverified reports from single sources claiming to be former intel officers
 News_Executive you mean convenient ties that our corrupted intel agencies are coming up with to show Trump their clout
 loomisroberto  Resistance1919  SyriaGeneral  DJ_Porkchan  kafkef069  PietrHezbollah  RarePepe9  realTonySavage  AlohaSlav rip oomis' rep
trump❤️Putin?Intel chiefs present trump w claims➡Russian efforts 2compromise him•Comey gives  NMP warning•FBI❤️trump 
Allegedly, it appears the FBI & other intel agencies were not going to release compromising material on  Trump until he was President.
If  BuzzFeed's leaked intel report is legit, not sure how Trump survives. Just read this excerpt: 
So if current senators, POTUS, intel heads, have had evidence of this at any point, I need to know why it wasn't made public.
Maybe Puttie doesn't want to deal with him anymore? & released Intel? 
This was disturbing as it was published; even more so now in light of intel reports. Tragically, major media outlet… 
Here is the bombshell (but unconfirmed) intel report on  realDonaldTrump and Russia. (A golden detail is on pg. 2) 
"DHS Nominee has ‘High Confidence’ in Intel Community’s Conclusion on Russia Hacking"  cybersecurity  feedly 
No wonder he didn't want to go to intel meetings and has been throwing shade at all intel agencies. It's all starting to make perfect sense.
US intel has 3 sources who confirm that, during a Moscow visit, Russian FSB recorded Trump and prostitutes intentio… 
What intel reports about Trump ties to Russia say about us and our connection with reality, and why they stopped Hi… 
 Minus40Below no wonder he's been skipping intel meetings
 Magician247  donna_dishman love how they throw in British intel to try to give the story veracity.  We're nothing but a CIA echo chamber
New Intel Suggests Russia Has Compromising Information On Donald Trump follow  newsvibez and get the latest.
Profoundly important, no matter how salacious the (ahem) leaked intel report claims may be. 
 johniadarola 😂  aside from CNN claims generally being laughable...it is once again the Russians were the US Intel/media failed to deliver.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  FUCKTrump
 MikePenceVP  Darren32895836 So they trusted a 3rd party vendor paid by the same DNC that rigged the primary. Great intel work guys!
At Friday briefing, Intel chiefs informed Trump of Russian operatives claiming to have compromising info on him 
 Lawrence , please report on the intel of the Russian Blackmail towards Trump. 
Doing a Happy Dance with Hillary 😄😄… 
 JenniferJJacobs So Trump is either a Manchurian Candidate or an idiot that is just now realizing why you don't attack intel community
 mickrab  ruskin147  peterjukes check latest on BuzzfeeD - they seem to have the intel briefing
 RWW we like Intel
Jeez. Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Intel chiefs inform Trump of Russian claims 
 juliaioffe oppo research done by retired MI6 agent not Intel report. More liberal lies
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Wow!  Trump
Thanks  CNET - Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET 
Intel chiefs say Russians have damning evidence over Donald Trump 

 
USC,  DrShaunHarper develop new center to “gather intel on critically important questions" in  HED… 
 zrobinson1 Again, allegedly.  Intel has been wrong before.  But HUGE if true.
If these allegations were in an actual intel report & presented to Obama & Trump that's legit a wild story tho
Intel chiefs inform Trump of Russian claims

ZeroHedge: US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him 
My thoughts exactly. Why does it read so excitedly? Shouldn't intel be dispassionate? 
You'd think the US would want to clear all this up before the confirmations


Also, apparently US Intel thinks it’s credible enough to brief Obama and Trump on it. They are not dismissing it.
Intel agencies risking a lot politicising themselves like this...with something pushed by anti-Trump Republicans. 
USA TODAY: During recent briefing, intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him, CNN reports…  NewsInTweets
Veteran Journalist Carl Bernstein: Intel Chiefs Presented Trump With Claims Of Russian Efforts To Compromise Him 
My second favourite part of that anonymous Intel report 😭 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... 
 News w/  MerrimLiVE: New Intel Suggests Russia Has Compromising Information On Donald Trump 
 BFD - Intel chiefs present claims Russia has compromised Trump  CNNPolitics 
Pretty amazing how many Trump haters who bemoaned fake news are quickly jumping on unconfirmed intel report about Trump as definitely true
More than the blackmail (every intel unit in all nations - hostile or not - are chasing now) what about the foreign conspiracy?
 reuters U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
Very skeptical of this raw intel release until corroboration, but one part of it certainly reframes the phrase "lock her up".
Intel chiefs inform Trump of Russian claims
Why has the media just figured this out???
 Cernovich CNN still going with the Intel chiefs about the nonsense of Russian hack.
 MichaelL0302 Unverified and more salacious gossip being passed as intel.
 TrumpNews Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN 
DO 👏🏽 NOT 👏🏽TURN 👏🏽YOUR 👏🏽COAT 👏🏽 COLLAR 👏🏽 UP 👏🏽 AND 👏🏽 LOWER 👏🏽 YOUR 👏🏽 HAT 👏🏽 BRIM 👏🏽 UNLESS 👏🏽 YOU'RE 👏🏽 IN 👏🏽 THE 👏🏽 INTEL 👏🏽 COMMUNITY
 RainbowSerina it doesn't read like a real intel document. I'd love to be wrong obviously.
 TechnologyNews: US Intel: Russia hacked Republican groups during election 
 caracasdata Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET 
4 Top U.S. Intel Chiefs Presented Trump With Claims That Russian Operatives Have… 
Cyber Risks Compound with Technology Adoption 
 force28x  MelissaTweets Aren't intel info releases made by the political decisions of those to whom they report?.
 Spy_Stations the meta story is open warfare between pres. elect and intel community. wild shit.
 cybersecurity DHS Nominee has ‘High Confidence’ in Intel Community’s Conclusion on Russia Hacking  infosec
Why haven't U mentioned the addendum to the intel report that shows the Russians have U by the short hairs?  Puppet  realDonaldTrump
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him. (Actually that they had - MI 6 found) 
 mattbfarwell I take it this is from the private intel firm that CNN referenced??  This is basically oppo research, right?
The intel briefing is almost as good a page turner as the Ford ITO. 
I'm not saying they did. Intel could cook this up to warn Trump about f**king with them. But…it fits his character. It *feels like him.
 eisingerj Is this another political witch hunt by the Obama organization. 1st recount, 2nd electoral college count, now intel with mor shit
 maddow I worked CI and Intel ppl look 4 weaknesses n DT case it was probably  , women, sexual dalliances and no telling wat else, treason !
Washington
                                            Report: Intel chiefs told Trump Russia targeted&n... 
Disclaimer: This report is a US Government memo summarising a former British intel agent's memo about Russian sources' *claims*
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat  BreakingNews
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat (Reuters  news)
Intel leak AND the leaked Joseph Fiennes as Michael Jackson photos?
Sorry, Twitter. I gotta go. 
What did PEOTUS know & when!  HE IS ABOUT TO HAVE NUCLEAR CODES & CONTROL INTEL AGENCIES-MUST have independent inve… 
Intel synopsis that Russian have dirt on  realDonaldTrump They are checking to verify details XD  RussianHackers 
Just WOW!!! Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
What we've ALL been waiting for!!! Intel was provided to top officials last week that TRUMP HAS BEEN COMPROMISED!!! 
The British have some intel to share, you say? 
New Intel shows that Trump is grand master of  pizzagate
BREAKING pt.5 - Leaked intel: 

Former  Ukraine Pres. Yanukovych confirmed to  Putin sending “kick back payments” t… 
My free  webinar starts in 5min >TOPIC: "Secret  MLM Intel revealed" ==> <== Some seats left 
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him 
 realDonaldTrump this is what happens when you piss off intel...they find out what a sack of shit you are.
Will you… 
Really now.Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
GIANT STORY that s/b getting more attn: Intel chiefs presented Trump w/ claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
Me reading this Trump intel doco 
US intel report identifies Russians who gave emails to WikiLeaks -officials 
The intel report is interesting & should cause an independent probe but we live in opposite world now. Its not going to happen. So now what?
 KeithOlbermann An anonymous prsn, claim to be an ex-British intel agent & working as a Dem oppo researcher, said anon ppl told him things.
This Trump kompromat doc. from UK intel source might be unverified, but ya know, I'm tired of going high. Here 'tis. 
 aNatsFan apparently in the compromising intel that Russia has on trump it says he likes to be peed upon and to watch others be peed upon.
 wrdcsc Alternatively, people cheering on a president-elect waging war with intel agencies that he will be leading in 10 days.
Breaking:  Russian intel on  Trump, presented to Trump! Validation of previous Trump campaign/Russia... 
 johnlevenstein Why Glenn Greenwald urges skepticism  CNN 
Michael Flynn's pro-Moscow tilt stands in opposition to the judgments of the intel agencies he will help oversee.… 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics How will KAC spin this?
Cue DJT twitter rant about media and intel whilst also canceling presser in 3...2...
I'm reading the full Intel dossier published on Buzzfeed in the plane and trying not to spit out my tea. All unverified of course
HOLY F--- Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him

It's a colourful read to say the least but it's pretty dangerous to publish when even the intel chiefs are yet to verify allegations.
 AVoluntarist  RogerJStoneJr 😁.... Laughing uncontrollably.... This is about as good as the dem/libs special Intel gets... Kung Fury perfect
 ggreenwald  librab103 Which has been laundered through US Intel Agencies and then leaked to everybody, apparently.
Senior House Republican Says Intel Shows Gitmo Detainees Returning to Terrorism  tcot 
 BonkPolitics  AviWoolf  Beer__Wolf 1. Same reason to go to war based on Intel. Strong evidence is enough to act.  And 2 ..... /1
So is the Crazy Newz just that intel officials read the report from that Mother Jones thing? That doesn't seem that explosive really

now the standard spy game of: is this authentic intel or a nearly-authentic fake designed to confound real issues?
ALSO (if the Intel is confirmed) no one should be surprised that Trump's into golden showers. That man LIVES for gold.
HOW CAN WE LET TRUMP TAKE OFFICE? Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him!  
Excellent choice, America!  smh "Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him" 
 DeplorablePeopl  EUlegacy  AP_Politics  ImmoralReport Fool, W had plans to goto Iraq long before 9/11. There was no intel consensus on Iraq
His sexual proclivities, his Russian investors and real estate dealings...those are older news. Just being affirmed by foreign intel.
VIDEO - CNN: Intel Chiefs Presented Trump with Claims of Russian Efforts to Compromise Him

 kenklippenstein if the evidence is so damning why did HRC concede? Wouldn't an ex POTUS & ex SOS have a couple contacts in intel community?
If this is Trump intel turns out to be legit I wonder how is supporters will spin it. Is this stuff for real?
Pleasepleaseplease!! Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
This is a must read.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
These are the memos that leadership and Intel Community, FBI have had on Trump for months now; how much has been verified/discredited?
Compared to the data theft faced by Democratic organizations, the hacks of GOP groups didn't yield much informatio… 
And you don't think the intel community didn't already discredit themselves letting Rumsfeld and Cheney concoct a… 
Intel Chiefs Presented Trump With Claims That Russia Has ‘Compromised’ Him 
 thomas_violence no this one's real ben. their source is a former british intel agent. that's practically James Bond.
Suites : Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  Politics_PR via  c0nvey
Intel Agencies have info Russia is blackmailing Trump... Trump wants to dissolve intel agencies...  ShrugEmoji 
What's trending: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to… see more 
Josh Marshall has some thoughts on extremely raw intel and will now post a link to some close associates for further targeting.
YOUR peotus sold the country to Russia, because they have dirt on him.

Intel chiefs inform Trump of Russian claims

Relevante en mi red: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian effort… see more 
For a second there, I read “Intel chiefs” as “the processor people”. Then realised. And my reaction was the same. 
Interesante articulo  CNN Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Buzzfeed has published the alleged  Trump  Russia intel document, but stresses it is unverified 
Open Thread: Trump to Restructure Intel Agencies and the CIA 
 TrollPatrol8  The same Intel Chiefs that said Saddam had WMD's?  Cool story bro!  😂😂
Nominee says he accepts intel reports on Russia 
 007l  BritishIntelOfficer Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN  
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics We need a new election
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say     - CNET  Tech
 20committee Russian Intel being  GStephanopoulos ?
 CBOD14  bijancbayne  CharlesMBlow love progressives. ten yrs ago u felt every CIA/Intel agent "tortured" someone & should be jailed. Fuck U
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics   NEW ELECTIONS SELL-OUT
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say     - CNET  wtfnews
 WakeUpJJ  davidfrum That elected official shouldn't publicly doubt the good work of that intel agency and side with a foreign foe.
BREAKING pt.4 - Leaked intel:

 Trump lawyer held secret meeting with  Russia govt representatives in Prague in Aug… 
Zackly.  Trump's goal in discrediting the intel community was in preparation for what's now coming out. Doesn't wan… 
DHS Nominee has ‘High Confidence’ in Intel Community’s Conclusion on Russia Hacking 
has the ingredients of a *potential* fiasco. loathed politician, an already near-hysterical press corps, and unvetted intel
A computer the size of a credit card. 
 realDonaldTrump YOU ARE GOING DOWN. Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
CNN Breaking News on Twitter: "CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with… see more 
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET: Compared to the data theft faced by Democratic…… 
your word of the day: 'kompromat' is compromising material in russian intel speak! 
UK INTEL REPORT This is HUGE news people! Share far and wide  funder   TrumpLeaks 
Top story: Linux and Open Source, Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of R… see more 
 MShapland same reason it isn't being reported now, CNN's claim that they can't verify the intel.
 oliverdarcy  SykesCharlie Raw Intel from Private Intel Company funded by Clinton Donors.... 15th Paragraph
These people use the same technique over and over again: sex smears. Ellsberg, Assange, and now the PEOTUS. Time to… 
Sourcing: An anonymous person, claiming to be an ex-British intel agent working as an oppo researcher, who says ano… 
A key claim in the intel report: Trump's team gave Russia information on anti-Putin oligarchs in the USA. Dynamite… 
I'm naturally sceptical of unverified raw intel, but isn't it handy there's a Trump press conference tomorrow? As long as nobody "leaks".
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him.
Trump silent...
  CNNPolitics


 facelessfuckers  Intel Chiefs Presented Trump With Claims That Russia Has ‘Compromised’ Him via  intelligencer
READ THIS:  Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN 
This intel that the Russians have compromising info on Trump has been circulating for months.
KTLA: 4 US intel chiefs presented to Trump claims that Russian operatives have compromising info on him, CNN repor… 
Top story  Po3ZBlog: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian effort… see more 
 cnnbrk The same cunt Intel chiefs who failed to find moderates in  Syria
HP 14″ Chromebook 14 G4 w/ Intel Celeron N2840, 4GB RAM, & Chrome OS
 Price: ... 
 Laptop

why is everybody who was so blindly credulous then now so *responsibly* cautious and skeptical about the intel on trump and russia?
 KrankyKanuck I am not hoping for that as it could lead to civil unrest but you never know what the extent of the intel is. Could be bad.
Reading the intel brief.
These are treasonous acts.
How can anyone deny that and also be OKAY with the fact Trump and Russia fucked us?
 chrislhayes  justkarl  joshtpm is this even Intel? It sounds like pure oppo work. What if any of this was compiled by Intel?
Now popular: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to com… see more 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with Russian compromise  CNNPolitics 
 usatodayDC  realDonaldTrump  CNN  USATODAY True of every President.  What news wgat intel?
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise  CNNPolitics Continued fake news by CNN.
Oh no! Not the "former intel dude" 😱

Compiled by AntiTrump? You don't suppose it's full of lies, perhaps? 

That's… 
Top story: PUERTO RICO CNN Breaking News on Twitter: "CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chie… see more 
 chrislhayes Raw Intel =/= RUMINT. Until we see proof, this is the latter.
 JeremyBeckhamKW  CNN This was an addendum to the intel info last Friday.  Notice Donald quickly changed the subject to Meryl Streep. LOL
This is everything!              Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN 
 MarkSalter55 Video link: Intel comm. hearing on Russia 1/10/17.  See with your own eyes.
Does anyone care????  Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him   
Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of  Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
I hope Trump and Obama were briefed on this intel while in the same room 
 donie So let me get this right, this sounds from allegations made by intel mercenary hired by  realDonaldTrump 's political opponents?
Hoping to  win ASUS transformer mini powered by  Intel Atom Processor in  SahmReviews 2016 Mega  Giveaway!  sweeps 
 WSJ  WSJvideo THe Intel agencies havent gotten anything right sincer 1st wtc bombing They are either incompitent o… 
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him  Börse  derTrader.at  tra…
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET via  RareDivergent 
 TheZeroHedge ― US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him 
 joftius But it wasn't. Relationship between Trump and intel agencies has changed since then. Like I said, wait and see.
Russia has the next prez by the balls. And?: Intel presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
I hate the phrase "intel community" so much
Buried in those “Trump intel memos” is this nugget about Telegram being compromised (though not really news to anyo… 
Checkout and  subscribe to the top story Intel chiefs presented Trump with clai… see more 
Russia with Trump dossier: US intel chiefs 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - 🚨BIGLY🚨 
 CarlBernstein reports British MI6 intel agent undercover in Russia uncovered Trump/Putin connection in Aug. & gave info to  SenatorMcCain
[ WorldPolitics] Intel agencies ask Americans to 'trust, don't verify' in new Cold War 
Top  RebelliousVal story: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian e… see more 
And here we go:  Intel chiefs tell Trump that Russian operatives claim to have compromising information on him
 
Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia has dirt on him: report via  NYPost

 
Sessions has "not talked to the pres.-elect about any of these issues," re US' Russian govt. interference intel, Trump's "love" 4 Wikileaks
 lawsciencelogic  TheRickWilson  taolos  nytimes  FBI  DavidCornDC Story is that MI6 raw intel has shown for long time what FBI & IC knew -
I really expected that intel report published by BuzzFeed to be much more softly sensual.
 SpecialReport hacking info … APT28 is only an example, not ID'd by US intel
Intel chiefs inform Trump of Russian claims
 docrocktex26  rick00979  Ireland0828  GinsburgJobs
Top story now: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to c… see more 
Schizojournal: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to c… see more 
Allegations of a continuing exchange of information between the  Trump campaign & Russia, Intel report states. Not shocking.  NotMyPresident
 news  world Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him… 
Intel chiefs presented Trump w claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Bombshell reported in MoJo
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  SupermanHotMale via  c0nvey
 QuadCityPat  20committee 
Is that a threat? The Intel community can kiss my ass. Where was the outcry when they were interfering
 realDonaldTrump  CNBC  Do presidential of you to toot your horn!!! Like what you heard today from intel: you are on Putins list also!
Intel chiefs presented  realDonaldTrump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  nadabakos
 Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say     - CNET Compared to the data theft faced by Democrati… 
i cannot believe wikileaks weren't the ones who released the trump intel dossier. the pun was RIGHT there, you hacks
Falling on deaf ears. Intel chiefs inform Trump of Russian claims

Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him.


The report:

Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET Compared to the data theft faced by Democratic... 
Reminder: intel chiefs have been blackmailing presidents forever. J Edgar Hoover was famous for it
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  realDonaldTrump   KellyannePolls  
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  __MaryEllen via  c0nvey
ProudlyLiberal2: KeithOlbermann: NEW: Intel warn Trump: Russians claim to have dirt on you, talked to your people.… 
 DavidKlion This sounds preposterous & fake. Wonder if trick is to leak false stuff (that will be disproved) & hold back on actual intel...
 CNell_LA reading the intel brief right now and honestly the fact we have Kamala, Dianne, Cory, Al, Leahy and John Lewis going in...
Will Intel Maintain Its Data Center Dominance in 2017? - 
 mike_pence  DonaldJTrumpJr  realDonaldTrump  CNBC So how about the news re: the fact that Russia has intel to blackmail Trump? Great news?
Go ahead Trump, talk some more shit about the CIA and America's other Intel agencies... dumb ass...LOL  💩💩💩🤡🤡🤡 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  bannerite via  c0nvey
New intel suggests Russia has compromising information on Donald Trump 


Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  PutinsBitch
IS TRUMP'S DENIAL OF THE INTEL FINDINGS BECAUSE PUTAN HAS COMPROMISING   INFORMATION ON HIM?  WATCH FOR DETAILS ON CNN.

4
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say     - CNET  CNET  Tech  Technolog… 
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him  Banking  Finance
US Intel: Russia hacked Republican groups during election 
 Gibbsyyyy unfortunately nah. It's Intel not proof.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN


 LRBitisnot You see, I wrote the U.S. intel report: "Russians got Trump in Moscow in pervert sex" when he went ther… 
Intel dossier claims Trump hired Russian prostitutes to pee on each other in a hotel bed he knew Obama had slept in 
4 US intel chiefs presented to Trump claims that Russian operatives have compromising info on him,  CNN reports… 
 thinkdefence AFAIK it was produced by a private intel company from UK
 RockABilly112 CHECK IT OUT Intel chiefs presented Trump w/ claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The…  news  Reuters
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him  Economic  PowerOfFreeSpe…
DEAR  realDonaldTrump ..2nd order of biz ..weed out the hacks in our intel agencies.
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say     - CNET  
 Russiagate
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
2016 Newest HP Pavilion 15 Flagship HD 15.6-inch Laptop, Intel Core i5-5200u Processor, 4GB RAM,.. 
 AdamPlatt1999 Also depends on Obama. How on Earth does this get leaked right before his speech? Intel community furious he was passive?
U.S. intel officials probe ties between Trump adviser and Kremlin via  YahooNews
Lawmaker: Intel shows Gitmo transfers aiming to rejoin fight 
Trump declared war on the intel agencies they're just responding in kind
When this clown dissed intel comm they will start leaking all kinds of dirt.  This will be fun to watch.  His thumb… 
 Jack_Stone_818 EXACTLY- and why he's been trying to discredit intel agencies for weeks now. He KNEW what they had & knew what he'd done!
Intel chiefs: Russian tried compromise  realdonaldtrump; Campaign exchanged info w/ Putin surrogates  traitor
 seanhannity hacking info APT28 is only an example, not ID'd by US intel
US Intel Agencies Try to Strong-Arm Trump into War With Russia    : Information Clearing House - ICH 
FBI knew in AUGUST. But Weiners emails! Intel presented Trump of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of  Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  RussianHacking
According to intel sources, TRUMP's conduct in Moscow included "employing a no. of prostitutes to perform a 'golden… 
[35] U.S. Intel: Russia hacked GOP groups during election  realtime 
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And ... - 
 earthsfinal321… 
 ABC Did you get the intel briefing also? Or is that just for NBC?
 KenRoth
Education is beyond their reach, but life w/ any intel. group would at least offer them Cash..all paid ppl.
 ShekharGupta  arsched
Intel has allegations of a continuing exchange of information during the campaign b/t MAGA & Putin ppl per 2natl se… 
 NoahCRothman No it shows the lack of respect of the current Intel Community for their responsibility. Trump has exposed it.
 maddow thts why his financial information so important plus his sexual behavior tht can b used to blackmail him by foreign intel, he is in
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him
We're screwed‼✅ 
By a person who CLAIMS to be a former British intel. Allegations are unverified and the report contains errors. Let… 
 seanmdav  reporting on an alleged intel officer, alleging compromising info that isn't verified & has errors. Award winning story. Pff
Rainy day got brighter. Document: Russian intel has videos of prostitutes performing golden showers for Trump… 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  Wat do they have on Rex?
 realDonaldTrump putin-puppet Intel chiefs know there was a continuing exchange of info during campaign between your surrogates & Russia
That's the best choice I see.  The intel agencies have compromised themselves. 
Lmao "intel dude" 
Intel says Putin has dirt on  reeeDonaldTrump Like Really Has Dirt!
Will he canc presser tmo? Or only take pre-rehearsed Q's?
Intel chiefs presented Trump w/ claims of Russian hacking & that his intermediaries were in contact w/ Russia. 
 Kasparov63 Discrediting the US intel community (odd to call it that) is discrediting the US, it's democracy and its President. :/
CNN reports of a potential "exchange of information" between Russians and Trump surrogates 
My timeline is full of the leaked intel dossier so I won't bore you all with RTing it. But oh God. This really is unbelievable.
Not surprised

Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Here's some mood music to read the report on alleged Russian Intel involving Trump 
Oh. Okay. Buzzfeed just posted the 35 page Trump Intel Doc: 
Enjoy
 Trump  Intel Allegations (35 pgs.)  copolitics


Seems they have a confirmed (but still anon) Intel source on this now but looks like it? 
the sourcing for the intel that the russians have dirt on trump seems suspect, at best.


Key everyone is missing on Trump Intel story is that whatever Russia has is something that TRUMP would be ashamed of. Let that sink in.
 ggreenwald  MZHemingway you're now an agent/expert of the American Intel. Community? You down play like a puppet*
Yes - and about to have Intel agencies report to him! MUST have independent investigation-May have prez  coordinate… 
To recap: Trump was briefed that Russia might have compromised info on him. His response was to twitter rant at US Intel and praise Putin.
 intel core 2 duo t6570 processor review cissp exam requirements
 rabiasquared read the Intel report and you'll find out...
Gross alleged behavior by Donald Trump-whole intel report about Kremlin's capturing illicit behavior on tape 
[19] Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  realtime 
BREAKING: REPORT: Intel chiefs tell Trump that Russian operatives claim to have compromising information on him

.SenatorBurr as Chairman of the Senate Intel Committee, we would like you to comment on PEOTUS Compromised status. Sincerely  TheResistance
 jaketapper so the Intel community leak to CNN that they want to over throw the new president. Future so brite gotta wear shades. Go FURself
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  SaraCarterDC via  c0nvey
 normsmusic, What are your tjought on breaking Trump Intel news?
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  Paakaa10 via  c0nvey
Full CNN Trump allegations:
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
US Intel Agencies Try to Strong-Arm Trump into War With Russia 
lol "leaked" intel, I get it, that's a good one 
Twitter's blowing up over the revelation that Russia has compromising intel on Trump.  DavidCornDC reported on this… 
Intel chiefs 'presented' Trump? Like his behavior the past year+ wasn't enough to show the world this could be real… 
Thanks, James Bond.

Intel chiefs presented  realDonaldTrump  w/ claims of Russian efforts to compromise him.… 
 debraj112 so boris Johnson met last week with trump before intel gave trump the low down on info that boris obviously prompted trump on?
 ggreenwald This is a pretty disingenuous tweet. Known ex-intel.  Did oppo research for BOTH parties on Trump.  LouiseMensch
Greg Leppert is reading "Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him" 
 royblunt was any of this covered in the intel committee meetings you had to remove your Fitbit for out of fear of… 
 CeciliaLisa3033 have you seen the breaking news??? trump was handed intel report by Intel to compromise him!!! apparently, he took the bait
 StopTrump2020 If Trump wants to keep denying our intel ppl so let Russia release the info they have on Trump. Will make impeachment easier.
 intel server processors list mastercard logo download
BREAKING: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN  cspanwj
Except intel run by Muslim Brotherhood who designated American as their enemies. 
Please make Golden Showers trend. According to this (unverified) intel report, Trump had women perform a piss show… 
...but her emails, y'all // Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 joshtpm Absolutely. But am having trouble imagining similar kinds of intel abt Obama.At the least, author is really good at character devt.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics   compromised  complicit
Reading this intel report on Trump, I feel a loss of innocence I last felt as a 14-year-old reading Starr report
Clearly  Trumpknew Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
 mattieflap Intel out now that Russia has compromising info on Trump. So.
Awww! Sooo NOW we know why  Trump was so Insistent on undermining US Intel while PROTECTING  Putin of ALL PPL!… 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise... by  Andy via  c0nvey
US Intel Chief Confirms US Intel Chief has penetrated EVERY SINGLE Phone and Email account on Planet Earth. Frenemi… 
 redsteeze Raw Memos compiled by Private Intel funded by Clinton Donors....hmmm
Selling out the USA by defending Russian Hackers and disregarding American intel is an even more disgraceful custom… 
. SenatorBurr as Chairman of the Senate Intel Committee, we would like you to comment on PEOTUS Compromised status. Sincerely  TheResistance
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  kinshasaweb via  c0nvey
Full Russian-Trump intel allegations report here:  : via  buzzfeednews 
Oh my goodness. Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him.  CNNPolitics 
😮 Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - 
Skepticism about intel leaks is the right posture.

But that should lead all of us to push harder for a full, independent probe, right?
 KaraCalavera wait so you trust FBI Intel report on Russian hacking but you don't trust head of FBI?
Lmao
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him  auburn  roseville  sacra…
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  ABeau2ifulMind via  c0nvey
Kellyanne Conway on why Trump is questioning U.S. intel via  YouTube
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET  Tech 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics impeachment? Hope so!
USATODAY: During recent briefing, intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him, CNN reports … 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
BUSTED!
TRUMP SCANDALS COMING--Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics   lyingdonald
This could be troubling.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
4 Top U.S. Intel Chiefs Presented Trump With Claims That Russian Ope...  Algeria  الجزائر 
Debugging mechanism in Intel CPUs allows seizing control via USB port
 hardware  security
U.S. Intel: Russia hacked GOP groups during election 
Add the brain drain already occurring in public & private sector intel - the number of analysts opting for overseas contracts is *startling*
 cmcgovern Also,once Trump's in office,all the Intel on Russia will also disappear.It's all about US taming China via weakening Russian bond
View all MSI Press ReleasesBack to Media Center MSI Rocks CES 2017 Hand-in-Hand with Intel® and NVIDIA®… 
 News Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
Frankly this “intel” going around doesn’t look legit to me; I doubt if it’s what Trump and Obama were briefed on.
Unprecedented starting of new admin. "Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him" 
I wholeheartedly approve of the dramatic language of these intel reports.
An anonymous person, claiming to be an ex-British intel agent & working as a Dem oppo researcher, said anonymous pe… 
 intel core 2 quad q6600 vs i7 certified insulin pump trainer
Most  viral News Now: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
LOCK HIM UP!  traitor - Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
 EsotericCD the Trump intel report from back in October is getting shopped again.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Interesting......👀
 stickempowers Intel officials just released a report stating russian spies have personal and financial info of trump
Breaking: US Intel hands two page OPPO file commissioned by RNC/DNC to Trump. "Remember all that shit said on CNN?… 
I have no words. MT  joshtpm: BREAKING: CNN reports Intel report said Russia has compromising info on Trump ... 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him |  scoopit 
WikiLeaks founder dismisses US intel. report on Russian 'hacking' 
the intel report has a lot of damning info on Trump, but how about him making Russian hookers pee on a bed just bc… 
So when does  realDonaldTrump hit Twitter and cancel his press conference tomorrow and go to war with Intel?
 9: Dell Inspiron 24 3000 Series Touchscreen All-In-One (Intel Core i3, 8 GB RAM, 1 TB HDD) 
 neeratanden Is this, Intel officials 'have six ways from Sunday at getting back at you' mention by Schumer?
Tho as  ericgeller tweeted, pls "NOTE what this is:USG memo summarizing a former British intel agent's memo" re Rus… 
 realDonaldTrump  intel report included allegations of a continuing exchange between Trump and Russian government 
The RetiredTeacherD Daily is out! Stories via  DarekDoesStuff  Turtlelover50  PBEntrepreneur  business  intel
Report: U.S. Intel Told Trump the Russians Claim to Have ‘Compromising’ Info On Him 
U.S. Intelligence Community: Destabilizing protests for  Cuba within next 5 years. 
CNN  - more fake  Trump news?  Obama politicized intelligence?  Enquiring minds want to know...


ASUS Q550LF 15.6" (1TB, Intel Core i7 4th Gen., 1.8GHz, 8GB) Notebook - Black... 
How many scandals can happen pre-inauguration? Intel chiefs presented  Trump with Russian efforts to compromise him 
 ericgeller thx for sparing us the screenshot-ugh! Intel heads shared this in 'addendum' - that lends it credibility ?
Not a media critic, don’t want to be one, but recall one of the lessons of Bush/WMD: Be wary of reporting details of single-source intel.
Best part of the intel: trump has a urination fetish 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  What do the Russians have on Trump?
Intel chiefs inform Trump of Russian claims - CNN. This just keeps getting better.  
Makes Watergate look small potatoes. Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 spectatorindex as US Intel tries to delegitimize Trump, it becomes illegitimate&questionable whether who they are working for?
 ggreenwald  mathewi So this is supposedly what is summarized / characterized in the intel briefing given to limited audience?
Oh.
The Intel memo on President Grope: “his conduct in Moscow has included perverted sexual acts . . . monitored by… 
KeithOlbermann: NEW: Intel warn Trump: Russians claim to have dirt on you, talked to your people. So...his news co… 
 acoyne Would Obama only get that synopsis from his intel group if there's a reasonable chance it's true?  realquestion
Read CNN carefully.  Trump-Russia material gathered by ex-Brit Intel guy, doing oppo for Trump rivals in campaign.… 
 realDonaldTrump What jo tweets. Cat finally got your fat thumbs? Intel on to you. Buhbye comrad.
😳  From the intel memo that BuzzFeed posted: 
On this intel drop about Russian ties to Trump, follow Ken Klippenstein as he asks questions about this information 
 nic intel pictures of small rvs
British ex-intel official's dossier on  Russia's compromising info on  Trump. Full document

And here's  BuzzFeedNews, publishing the actual intel docs: 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - - 
Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia has dirt on him: report via  nypost
Seems like the news breaking now is not about secret damning info but an all-out war between the intel community and President-elect.
Technically correct. UK Intel found it 
New post: "During recent briefing, intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him, CNN reports" 
Alienware 14 Intel i5-4200M 2.50GHz 8GB 750GB HDD Gaming Laptop Nvidia GT 750M 
Apple MacBook Air 13.3" LED - Intel Core i5 - 8GB RAM - 128GB Storage MMGF2LL/A 
davidsirota: Important JakeTapper story: Also important tho: last time UK intel cited this prominently was about S…
BREAKING Classified US Intel report contains bombshells: Russian operatives say they have compromising info on Trump 
Russiagate summary: Putin intention to create intra-West division; Trump received Kremlin intel; PEOTUS compromised/blackmailed via sex acts
Intel shows Gitmo transfers seek to rejoin fight, lawmaker tells Obama, Trump 
 KevinTeachKevin - Intel chiefs presented Trump claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  JuddApatow
. bijancbayne Yes...if that wasn't enough, grappling w/ Comey's comments today in light of the false 'intel' the week before the election.
IMO, senior intelligence officials testifying before the Senate Intel. Cmte. was the most interesting hearing today: 
This is my favourite part of that alleged British Intel 😂 
Reportedly, part of the  Russian intel includes  Trump's sexually perverse antics such as 'golden showers' at Ritz Carlton, Moscow.
EXCLUSIVE : Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts ... via  YouTube  TheResistance  TrumpLeaks
This would explain a lot:
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
I don't need a US Intel report to tell me some shit that was clearly obvious when Trump's nose was caked in shit fr… 
US Intel: Russia hacked Republican groups during election: Democratic groups and figures… 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  trump impeach odds? +150
 ItsTonyNow Have you read the intel reports about the Evil Russia claims? There's literally nothing there. This is people being sane.
Trump’s attempts to discredit the US intel community are preparation for the revelations of compromising material. 
 Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of  Russian efforts to compromise  Him: 
U.S. intel chiefs say Trump camp exchanged info with Russian gov’t during campaign via  theblaze
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  edegenias via  c0nvey
 KeithOlbermann  realDonaldTrump we have a right to know! Call Senator Burr,Chairman of Senate Sel. Comm. on Intel, at 202-224-3154
BREAKING pt.3 - Leaked intel:

 Trump agreed with  Russia to (1) ignore  Ukraine & (2) to big-up issues with NATO i… 
Intel chiefs tell  Trump that Russian operatives claim to have compromising information on him 
 BroderickGreer also this is probably old news but the  NSAGov has declassified intel on their website, "the us was born out of conspiracy"
Intel Officials Tell Trump Russian Ops Have Compromising Personal, Financial Info on Him: CNN 
 davidfrum Interesting distraction from the intel report on Trump and his love of "golden showers"
 SweetshadeLane Welp I'm sure counter-intel ops are in motion. They are going to have to assess just how damaging it is.
 joshtpm Video link: Intel comm. hearing on C-span today. Re-airs tonight 10p/2:50a. Please retweet.… 
So when does Trump hit Twitter and cancel his press conference tomorrow and go to war with Intel?
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise…  NotMyPresident… 
No fucking shit. >> Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia has dirt on him: report  ---  ElectionNight 
Intel chiefs presented Trump w/claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNN  russianhack  IllegitimateElection  
 AaronWillden1 It needs more investigation, but it's got backing from the intel community and other credible people, unlike birther stuff
Former Reid spox  AJentleson takes a victory(?) lap re Trump and possible Russia Intel / ties 
. RepPittenger as a member of the House Intel Committee, we would like you to comment on PEOTUS Compromised status. Sincerely  TheResistance
U.S. May Hold Fire on North Korea ICBM Test to Get Intel, if No Threat  NLU
 MomsThoughts CNN just broke the story: Trump may be compromised! Intel suggests Kremlin & Trump campaign communicated throughout campaign.
 Evan_McMullin  can you tell us your thoughts on this latest report coming from your background in intel?
 NoraReed what are you talking about, former intel agents are always the most reliable sources
US Intel: Russia hacked Republican groups during election  cloud 
Time to get into it.

Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
"We need more proof. We dont trust US intel agencies. We need actual video and more proof"

- Them
 DavidYankovich Intel and media. He must lose this war, or we are doomed for sure.
I would say in reviewing raw, extremely raw 'intel', people shld retain their skepticism even if they rightly think Trump is the worst.
Holy SHIT! “Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him.  
 cmcgovern If the Intel agents believe Trump was helped by Russian hackers, then why are they speaking to him? They should have him arrested
I liked a  YouTube video High Level Inside Intel: Dems Still Trying To Block Trump Inauguration
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN  TrumpTransition  smoke  fire  
By the time an MI6 agent presented more memos to FBI; They already had intel memos compiled up to Aug 2016 but did… 
Intel chiefs tell Trump that Russian operatives claim to have compromising information on him… 
 TomiLahren  RemindTheNation maybe talk about the new intel on Trump and Russia
 znmeb  amyharvard_ I don't know, the intel brief was leaked and seems pretty damning... then again it seems NOTHING is damning enough
 New_Europe why does the tweet have the thumbnail of Intel's competitor when the article is clearly about Intel's v… 
alright time to give 100% credibility to this unverified report by a guy claiming to be an intel officer--while hol… 
Important  JakeTapper story: Also important tho: last time UK intel cited this prominently was about Saddam/uranium
tomorrow:

Trump: "Russia if ur listening hack intel report delete asap"

KA Conway: "don't listen to what he says"

Media: "What happened?"
 mathewi That's the report compiled by the ex-intel agent as part of his oppo research, not the intel briefing.
Intel shows Gitmo transfers seek to rejoin fight, lawmaker tells Obama, Trump  JT
Biggish story >  TheLeadCNN: CNN: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 intel i218v han's beauty supply
 zerohedge "US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him" 
Here's whats coming.  Intel chiefs dump every bit of dirt they have on  trump. He becomes shortest ever serving …  
Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 McFaul Not really. It's an intel squeeze. A lot of the  financial stuff is public..Shades of RICO.They gave him the out. He didn't take it.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him via   gong
Hmm, interesting if true:   US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him 
Retweeted CNN Breaking News ( cnnbrk):

CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian... 
Intel's Compute Card Is a PC That Can Fit In Your Wallet (via  Pocket) 
 realDonaldTrump There's a credible report from a former member of British intel that Russia has compromising "pers… 
 cnnbrk Russia has intel on Trump's financial info, so does China & the NY Times, as well as our corrupt government
The idea of Russia having compromising intel on DT is hilarious because his entire life is compromising intel and he's still president elect
Breaking style looks as if their final, rather than witch-hunt to me> Intel chiefs... to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  GrantWahl via  c0nvey
If we're going to continue to report on unverified reports from shadowy intel groups, I'm just glad it includes some piss play for once.
Ms. alt-right Nazi: She represents traitorous Brietbart/Putin stooges exploited by Rus military Intel to propagate… 
Intel Joule shipments blocked in key countries, pending certification - PCWorld  drones  dronesforsale
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him-serious! 
 IamGnosis  cahtx01 Especially given the new intel breaking now that Russians sought to compromise Trump AND they have info to use on him
GoldFish Report No. 68 Intel Guest Kent Dunn Lays His Cards on the Table... 
US Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims [From British Intelligence] of Russian efforts to compromise him 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  EccehomoSetrina via  c0nvey
Yikes: Intel chiefs told Trump Russia claims to have compromising personal and financial information on him; Update 
Intel chiefs tell Trump that Russian ops claim to have compromising information on him

 
Looks like the Trumpster lied again: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  bennydiego via  c0nvey
 kris_kinder I'm pretty sure the nevertrump folks never gave up (still haven't). If there is opposition Intel of value, it is out.
US may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat - Reuters  economy
Intel agnts r lookng into 2pg synopsis on comprmising personl&fnancial info  Russia may have on  realDonaldTrump  TheResistance  Trumpleaks
CNN: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  JeffersonObama via  c0nvey
Have you ever read an intel report and thought, 'hm, this could use more golden showers'? Trump's got you covered: 
 ggreenwald How? Blackmail gets something in return, no? US intel works on our behalf. Telling us about next POTUS is least they can do.
 francismccloy  Mcatlady54  davidfrum No - not Jason Bourne, more like Gossip Girl. & U don't tell the press, u tell Senate Intel Comm.
 RedBSierra  3rdShiftHockey Russia did.  Look at your pwn intel.
4) Official intel report did not include synopsis alleging that there was an exchange of info btwn Trump and Russian intermediaries. Why?
 theintercept  leslieleeiii  matthewacole seems to me those to blame here are the ones who gave the orders with out the proper intel
Ok re new Buzzfeed doc. it doesn't look/read like it was written by a legit intel analyst. Am I wrong?
During recent briefing, intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him, CNN reports  politics
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him. 

 joshtpm  lafloran  TPM Betcha that's one intel briefing he wishes he'd not attended.
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET | 
"Russians Have Compromising Personal Information on President Elect TRUMP US INTEL SOURCES SAY"

Re-read this  MotherJones expose from Oct 2016 for more details on Russian intel on Trump.


This CPU is simply Amazing!!
 AMD  ZenCPU

Treason much?  Trump Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
 lhfang  documentcloud i thought former Intel dude was a reference to millennial funnyman dan nainan
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Surprised? Nope
Leaked independent intel: FSB has blackmail on Trump that could include sex acts
(Note: Report apparently comes fro… 
 system on chip intel different types of muscle milk
 CarlTSpeak that's the intel report.
 Intel Five Ways To Future-Proof Your Business. Read Blog:  Intel
 bingowings14 I KNOW. He'll be on to us soon, interrupting an intel briefing just to tell us we're losers and he has the BEST hair/hat.
 sam_kriss If Intel Community actually briefed Trump on this, the conversation must have been fun as hell.
UNCONFIRMED  sarahkendzior intel report that, allegedly, has been leaked and not formally give to the press. let's… 
sources confirm  sokane1 has compromising intel on  verge staff 
Intel agencies are going to have to verify this leaked doc. If real, it is horrific. 


 Maddow Holy Crap! US intel has cracked the code! Russia helped  Trump win & now has compromising personal & financial info on  Trump!
The leaked intel doc in full. Jesus christ, what a read. 
Whoa, this intel report on  Trump's ties to Russia is unbelievable: 
 jfreewright  CNN Lil D didn't read his Intel briefing,dug a grave with his tongue rather than admit Russia was up to no good.
Dossier asserts Kremlin has shared intel with  realDonaldTrump and has 'kompromat' of sexual nature on him; cultivating him for 5 years.
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat - 
Yikes: Intel chiefs told Trump Russia claims to have compromising personal and financial information on him; Update: CNN video added …
Seems this would be YUGE! Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Read the intel report for yourself:  
 socialgnmedia  Reuters : U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him Trump not good news  
.  msnbc so it begins Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  markoff via  c0nvey
If the intel the FBI has compiled indicates *criminality*... 
 FO_ASchatz  sarahkendzior "Believe that intel at your own risk"

 ChristmasPresents Custom Computer (Intel® Desktop Board DX58SO+Core i7 processor) 2 Terabytes… 
He's not president yet: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Smoking Gun?
Intel chiefs say Russians claim to have compromising personal & financial info on  Trump

Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN natashayakovle5  PumpkinFanta  
 Intel Discovering the Right Data Center Solution. Read Blog:  Intel
this is either a ploy by "intel chiefs' to provide  Trump cover or the Russians looking to hedge or both. Someone m… 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  kangaru via  c0nvey
BF publishes docs that have circulated 4 months, &acquired legendary status among journos, lawmakers, & intel officials who have seen them.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics   NotMyPresidentElect
It is however, a full addendum which both Obama and Trump received - probably explains why Trump STFU about Intel s… 
BREAKING pt2 - Leaked intel:

 Russia used  Trump’s “sexual peversion” & acts involving prostitutes in hotel room p… 
.  Kellyannepolls Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
 autiomaa default bundled, and yes Intel
 hotairblog It's OBoeingMA'S Intel chief. Let's wait for someone more CREDIBLE to confirm this information.
4....good reason to believe they can penetrate a Trump administration.  This in turn suggests -- among many other things -- that US intel...
 lachlan  mviser  Obama admin intel sources are providing an openly hostile network with impeachable information on PEOTUS Trump? Got it.
 4lisaguerrero  CNNPolitics He believes he is superior to the Intel Chiefs; narcissists are that way.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  realDonaldTrump ?? ?
 Greg651 getting intel from foreign govt?
The "bombshell" you were waiting for: secret, unverified intel reports on Trump and Russia published by  BuzzFeed… 
"Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of  Russian efforts to compromise him"  DonaldTrump  CNNPolitics 
These Intel chiefs need mental health check up! Urgently!
 Malinka1102
 ananavarro It was Paul Manafort who was the middleman at first but intel caught on to him, now it's Jared Kushner & the Trump sons.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Here it is. Putin's bitch
Here's a link to the Intel memos on Trump provided to US by former MI-6 (British Intelligence) agent.

 20committee How does someone who's working in US Intel believe what CNN says, especially after they've been so epically wrong?
 JGreenDC So, NeverTrumpers, including McCain, then HRC, paid for these oppo-research memos, and laundered them through Intel agencies?
 IvanTheK This russian thing is Iraq WOMD level of propaganda.Hilarious things are being said by Intel services  BuzzFeed
 realDonaldTrump Crooked Trump...the illegitimate, Russian-selected/elected, Vag Grabber. You are dirty, they have the intel on you...
So? Point is it's fact! Spooks were dissed by Trump for Russian Intel? Oh they're getting even. This is first of ma… 
(Discontinued) HP Stream 11.6-Inch Convertible Touchscreen Laptop (Intel Celeron, 2 GB, 32 GB SSD,.. 
 KellyannePolls first of all this is ridiculous, and you are ridiculous. And which surrogates received intel from Russia.  Fraud  Liars
Now: wait for the  realDonaldTrump tweet response to the carefully crafted Jake Trapper CNN Russia/intel report.
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him: 
Franken notes that's fair (which, legit.) Onto Assange! And Trump's tweets about him! Why Assange over intel? Sessions: IDK IDK IDK IDK IDK
 Intel Supports California's Historic Energy Efficiency Standards for Computers. Read Blog:  Intel
Sessions said he could not answer Franken question: Why does president-elect trust Julian Assange more than US intel agencies?
More alleged leaks from the Intel "community". Sheesh. This really enhances their reputation for integrity.

Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  realDonaldTrump QUIT GIVE IT TO PENCE 
Reality: Russia did what we do: Intel on both then pick whom to back, hw, Trump/GOP come across naive as if this is… 
 thecommaking If you're talking about the CNN report on intel chiefs, I took it down because the full headline didn't show in the preview
I liked a  YouTube video Ultra Small Intel Kaby Lake System
 SybilT2  fmanjoo from an addendum to the intel briefing given to Obama and Trump last week. 
INTEL: Russians Say They Have Compromising Information on Trump

 Siinless intel
ASUS PC GAMER - INTEL CORE i7 4720HQ- 12Go - 1000Go - 15.6" FULL HD - NVIDIA GEFORCE GTX 950M 2Gb Prix 1220 soldé :… 
Hahaha. The intel community is like, "We own you. STFU and get out of our way." 
Comey   today's Intel hearing: "I wld never comment on investigations...in open forum like this,” EFFING PRICELESS. 
 AceofSpadesHQ After this bombshell intel report, you should prolly change your name to: ThatsHowWeGotTrump'd
Classy  davidfrum (the guy who's lying speeches brought you the Iraq war) seems to be accusing US govt. Intel of cr… 
Intel chiefs presented  realDonaldTrump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Blackmail?
DHS Nominee has ‘High Confidence’ in Intel Community’s Conclusion on Russia Hacking  mcggov
 peterdaou  pierre Wuestio is why it took Obama so long to act on Russian hacking intel.This info should have been released before election
3) official intel report did not include synopsis alleging RU compiled info harmful to both GOP & Dems but only rel… 
*****INTEL CHIEFS PRESENTED TRUMP WITH CLAIMS OF RUSSIAN EFFORTS TO COMPROMISE HIM***** -PER CNN - Democratic Under 
"The Shadow Brokers Return with More Elite NSA Cyberweapons"  security intel infosec
 Sessions. Franken: why does Trump find Assange more trustworthy than US intel? Sessions defers. Won't answer. OMG.  runawaytrain
CNN BREAKING: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  RonaldCRice via  c0nvey
Doc with allegations by former UK intel officer; lots of anon sources, naturally. 
Lenovo - 15.6" Laptop - Intel Celeron - 4GB Memory - 500GB Hard Drive - Black 
Comey knew Intel sources had evidence of ongoing contact between Trump Campaign and Russian Agents, but opted for emails...  msnbc  greta
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military mi… 
 intel xeon gflops 10a toner
 BretBaier  MarkWarner  Obama has infected every govt agency with corrupt people!  realDonaldTrump MUST be skeptical of Intel-Obama LIES U 2
U.S. intel chiefs say Trump camp exchanged info with Russian gov't during campaign ...TheBlaze 
 Russia  Putin  trump  Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
 BadAstronomer I agree in principle, but not without proof.
Anonymous, unauthorized Intel leaks aren't proof.
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say  security 
Intel flows from a hostile power, honey traps & lucrative financial schemes. Surely the inaug can't go ahead?!!  
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - - Sheeeit!!! 
"Russians have personal  and financial information that compromises Preseident Elect TRUMP" US Intel Sources Say

Gotta give  CNN props on their timing Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
Sen Franken: Are you scared that PEOTUS trusts Assange more than US intel?
 Sessions: what gets printed in the papers is often inaccurate...
The dossier includes numerous references to Trump adviser Carter Page. Recall this  Isikoff report from September: 
 sarahkendzior How do we know this is real? Seems weird to have an Intel brief add things like "whom he hated".
 Review Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Intel Core i7 256 GB, 8 GB RAM. Best performance.  BuyChe… 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  msibrahim via  c0nvey
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  TheResistance
Trump-Intel Allegations 
Intel Chiefs Presented  realDonaldTrump w/claims of Russian efforts to compromise him. AwaitN stmt from Trump team. MI6 good track record. 🤗
"Can you hear me now?"

Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him… 
 Daraa City 
SouthernFront  FSA still attacking Airforce Intel HQ, clashes ongoing through the night
If the 'Russians have compromising intel on Trump' story is false then show the tax returns. Prove it.
 jackpoint188  Oliviafoxradio  France4Hillary Yes, it was you idiot.  Putin's been blackmailing  TraitorTrump he's got intel on him. 😂
 DRUDGE_REPORT Trump confronted by intel agencies with evidence of regular and compromising communications btwn Russians and Trump campaign?
 annjules40..... Intel from taxi driver came from film script. Justification for whole gulf war....
 ImmortalTech  jaketapper once again dude while it may be true there is ZERO sourcing on this. Suddenly you believe anonymous intel leaks
Here we go: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
US Intel Agencies Try to Strong-Arm Trump into War With Russia   via  NatCounterPunch
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  MsTrishia via  c0nvey
Probably this Intel guy read a Twitter rumor started by a Hillbot and rolled with it.  
 allahpundit Yikes, its OBoeingMA'S Intel chief.
Intel memo: "[Trump] and his inner circle have accepted a regular flow of intelligence from the Kremlin" 
DC Pros have been saying how stupid & risky it was for  realDonaldTrump to disparage the intel agency people. Maybe… 
 SenFranken asks  sessions about NEW INTEL REVELATIONS about RUSSIAN Compromise of "TheDonald"  YISSSSSS
Intel chiefs presented Trump with Russian efforts to compromise him   among other info..… 
Top intel officials: Russia says it has compromising info on Donald Drumpf. Seriously, who's surprised by this? 
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET:  
Intel Matrix RAID Technology: All The Details - 
 intel ssd warranty i lock the door
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - 🤡🤡🤡🤡😷😷😷💩💩💩💩💩💩 
 keffzg 8gb ram, 2tb harddrive, i5. graphics card is like intel hd graphics, but will upgrade that
Especially since intel. agencies showed proof of his close Russia connections throughout the election. 
CNN reports of a potential "exchange of information" between Russians and Trump... by  MRbelzer via  c0nvey
Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of  Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  FBI  CIA  NSA
Yikes: Intel chiefs told Trump Russia claims to have compromising personal and financial information on him  CNRapp
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him
 russianhack  treason  TrumpCabinet
 CNN Have not sent anything remotely complimentary to you recently but hoping this is good journalism on the RUSSIA/Trump/Intel story!
"Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say     - CNET" 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  BethR_27516 via  c0nvey
CNN reporting addendum to Intel report claiming PEOTUS communicated with Kremlin during campaign.FBI now looking.  BretBaier  SpecialReport
Top intel officials say Russia claims it has compromising info on Donald Trump via  Mic  realDonaldTrump
❗️Just now: Sen Al Franken bringing up the new Intel regarding Russian compromise of Trump, during Sessions hearing. See my previous tweets.
. BuzzfeedNews published the 35 page intel dossier o Trump that  CNN alluded to; it is unverified. 
Document by former intel dude claims Russian intel has videos of prostitutes performing golden showers for Trump 
How can anyone in Intel share sensitive info with the new President risking lives of sources???
that's from the **UNVERIFIED** intel report someone leaked to Buzzfeed. It gets, um, more specific. 
CNN: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  JennaBroughton via  c0nvey
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  CNNPolitics via  c0nvey
Say it ain't so, Joe- Top intel officials say Russia has compromising info on Donald Trump 
DUH 😒

Top intel officials say Russia claims it has compromising info on Donald Trump 
Top intel officials say Russia claims it has compromising info on Donald Trump Incredible, just like I & others said
Microsoft Surface Pro 3 Grade A Tablet (12-Inch, 128 GB, Intel Core i5, Windows 
 amlivemon dude, I am in London and just came from a briefing on this today, clear my you can't even watch CNN! BRiTISH frmr MI6 Intel.
No comment from  jeffsessions about  realDonaldTrump & surrogates about Trump Campaign collusion with Russian Intel.  TreasonousTrump
 realDonaldTrump remember i beat putin. i gave the intel for litinvenko/polonium also had early intel for boris nem… 
Read the intel brief: "Russia has been cultivating, supporting and assisting Trump for at least five years." 
CNN is spreading fake news again about Russia, former spy agents, secret reports and, Rome, FBI, secret intel agencies, and blackmail.  BS
US Intel Agencies Try to Strong-Arm Trump into War With Russia   via  NatCounterPunch  Russia
TRUMP INTEL LEAKED 
. SpeakerRyan, stop protecting him.-> Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  
My sources tell me that Russia has reliable intel that Trump was missold PPI and could be due compensation.
 cameronferguson So in like 48 hours, the Intel chiefs have an agonizing decision: try to halt the train and burn their counterspy, or /19
 jeneps Intel agencies "claim" Russia has info...like he grabs women and has been bankrupt? Pass the popcorn please..
During recent briefing, intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him, CNN reports. Will obscure Obama speech. 
 Shoq thx, watching CNN, swore not to. Blown away Putin has private and financial Intel on DT
COMEY = COLLABORATOR
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
this is an interesting thing to reconsider in light of the questionable intel report 
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat: The U.S. military… 
 cameron_stell  stevenpsloan NO WONDER he wants Intel silenced!!!
This is outrageous. Stop HIM NOW
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him

 YoungKunai intel and ya boy
BREAKING - Leaked intel dossier:

“[ Trump] & his inner circle accepted a regular flow of intelligence from the… 
BuzzFeed warns of errors in memos citing ex-MI6 spy intel re: Russian blackmail of Trump; publishes 35 pages of docs 
 cnnbrk Claims are not facts.The US intel community keeps on discrediting itself !!
Whoever leaked that Russia intel report has perfect timing. Tapper segment on CNN right to questioning Sessions in his hearing.
dancing with the devil....Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
CNN: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise... by  CNNPolitics via  c0nvey
SHOCKING!..my bet is the "compromising" Intel gets leaked and  Trump's impeached before years end!  Putin  Russia

US intel officials testify on report that Russia hacked Democrats 
 Sessions. Sen. Franken: extremely serious allegations about Russian intel. Sessions, what will you do? Sessions defends Trump.
 realDonaldTrump what say you? Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him

Breaking: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise... by  AnonyOps via  c0nvey
New: U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
The deep state is going to war with you,  realDonaldTrump. Latest is this former British intel dossier. Don’t back down; punch back harder.
 alfranken WAY TO GO on Sessions hearing, bringing up Russian intel! Sessions squirming
I see no way this PRICK should be inaugurated with this Intel released. He can't be our President. WTF?  TREASON!
 JMPoirotLove  LRBitisnot 4 Trump 2 avoid being bugged Moscow 2013 MissUniv he had 2 stay… 
Buzzfeed has published the dossier on Trump and Russia cited in the 2-page intel synopsis in the CNN report  
 cleartosend Intel 7265 NIC's with driver set to 802.11g mode.  WHY
Surreal: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him. The plot thickens. 
Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia has dirt on him: report - US intelligence officials showed President-elect ... 
Russian intel alleges Trump paid prosititues for golden showers. This "leak" will surely "sink" him. Pee
 Right Yikes: Intel chiefs told Trump Russia claims to have compromising personal and fina… 
During recent briefing, intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him, CNN reports  news
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  realDonaldTrump
The supposed British Intel reported being reported by CNN is already on BuzzFeed 
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat  Reuters
How dumb to piss off all the Intel chiefs who could easily gather evidence to leak or destroy Trump.We can only hope 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics YES YES YES!!!
Intel's dying Atom chip takes a last gasp in Chuwi's cheap Surface Book clone 
Cnet Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET 
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET
U.S. intel: Russian govt. said to have material on Trump that could be used to blackmail the incoming President
Sen  alfranken is breaking news to Sen Jeff Sessions about intel chiefs telling Trump about Russian active measures and asks for response
Turn to  CNN now sessions is asked about Russian intel and  SenFranken asking him this question
 BretBaier can someone please tell me why we have 17 Intel agencies? Is that how a terrorist left AK and killed people in FL?  WhoIsNCharge
DELL Inspiron 15.6” Touch screen Laptop Intel i3 6GB 500GB DVD+RW Windows 10 
 realDonaldTrump British Intelligence says Russians have dirt on you. Going to dismiss Brit intel in the same way you dismissed US intel?
NEW: Intel warn Trump: Russians claim to have dirt on you, talked to your people. So...his news conference tomorrow? 
During recent briefing, intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him, CNN reports  news 
Given the number of reporters involved, I would guess it leaked from Hill, was confirmed with multiple admin and in… 
Trump not making it to his lame ass inauguration😂😂😂. Russia got this orange ass nigga in their pocket   Intel  YouKnowYouFuckedUpRight
An important question: Are you a giver, a taker or a maker? Some  TuesdayMotivation from  AdamMGrant.  DentalIntel
Well this story about Trump and the Russians IS interesting. A lot more factual detail than anything I've seen... 
Of course they shared it with McCain first.
John isn't going around saying the Intel Community is full of shit! 
"Putin" the last bit of trust in American Intel in the trash Comey. Fucking you Benedict Arnold 
.  wikileaks you must have tons of informatief too "Intel chiefs presented Trump Russian efforts to compromise him" 
More shit on the orange clown top intel officials say Russia has compromising info on Donald Trump via  Mic
I don't think even Tom Clancy could write a book as good as Comey swaying an election while sitting on intel about person he wanted to win
PUTIN OWNS TRUMP
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
WE NEED TO STOP HIM NOW! Intel chiefs presented Trump w claims of Russian efforts compromise him CNNPolitics  Rosie
 POTUS IM NOT THE BoeingD GUY OBoeingMA YOU AND YOUR INTEL ARE LIARS.THE EU/GAS.NATURAL GAS/NUCLEAR AND THOSE WHOM SUPPORT IT ARE DOING WRONG. THEY
"Brian Krzanich is the latest guest on the Fortt Knox Podcast: rich ideas, powerful people. iPhone and iTunes, subsc…
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - UNBELIEVABLE- this is treason! 
Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia has dirt on him: report  NYPost  NewYorkPost
 bleav11 The entire thing is a circus. FBI releases 'new' intel that Hillary sent classified info to S.Blumenthal who they know was hacked.
CNET -  Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET 
I'm thinking Donny won't diss the intel community again after this... 
 newjew49  Intel agencies have become politicized, unfortunately. Don't be surprised if Comey and Clapper are gone on day one.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  NotMyPresident
Intel chiefs presented  PutinsPuppet  Trump with claims of  Russian efforts to compromise him 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN
 mbalter "Russian operatives *claim* to have compromising info" based on "memos obtained by former British intel operative"
Why You Should Be Wary of "ROI" Calculators  salestips  sales  ROI via  PrimaryIntel… 
The  Asus R558UQ boasts of performance upgrade and will be offered in two models 
Embargoed portions of Pres. Obama's "farewell" address seem to indicate he's not going to talk about the intel report
Report: Intel officials informed Trump of alleged Russian efforts to compromise him


Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics BLACKMAIL!!!!
 realDonaldTrump  realDonaldTrump Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him

US Intel claims compromising photos of  realDonaldTrump  😂😂😂 
OK folks, let's not allow  realDonaldTrump to throw everyone off the Russian intel story by teeeting about HRC or his margin of victory.
 US' War Party is desperate: Intel chiefs presented  realDonaldTrump w/  claims of  Russia|n  efforts to compromise… 
 quigdette Oh it will be. I'm sure of it. It's gonna be sooner Rather than later because other countries also have their own intel...
Wow: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Incred what is happenng in US. Intel chiefs who will report to Trump brief him on his apparent complicity w/ Russia
 
Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia has dirt on him: report - New York Post  MadShangi  
CNN’s Amanpour: US allies ‘dumbfounded’ and ‘panicked’ by Trump attacks on his own intel agencies 
 jacksonville home care intel hm75
You're going to need more than opp-research handed over to intel agencies to impeach him 
Intel's dying Atom chip takes a last gasp in Chuwi's cheap Surface Book clone - PCWorld
 maddow PLEAE ask why your colleague flashed images of Clinton looking at phone while discussing email trope on same day Russian intel break
Reuters: U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
 tribelaw and this is precisely why he will not release his tax returns; one can only hope that his dissing the Int… 
 Stockholm  Goteborg  Malmo Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say     - CNET 
 ggreenwald This is Buzzfeed we're talking about. Are you sure it wasn't a list of "15 AWESOME Things That We Found in the Intel Report"?
Boosting system performance with Intel Optane SSDs 
Now we need to know the compromising intel the Russian's have on Trump! Waiting.................
: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 TomiLahren You failed to Mention!  Breaking news...Intel reports shed light that Trump was possibly compromised by… 
CNN giddy about Intel that  realDonaldTrump colluded with Kremlin during campaign. Russia claims damaging financial info on PEOTUS.
US Intel Told Trump Russia Had Compromising Personal And Financial Information About Him  newspicks
 stmpinfortrump . I doubt this. If it happened then the Intel chief didn't do his job. He should have given Trump the parameters.
BuzzFeed News publishes full report which CNN reported US intel had provided 2 page synopsis to Trump… 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  totallygreen03 via  c0nvey
 Deanofcomedy Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
Intel chiefs/FBI have known since Aug that Trump was compromised by Russia:  SHARE WIDELY  docrocktex26  emoontx
 maddow ya more  fakenews intel officials freely sharing classified info that's not in the report is just that - fake
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  FukuyamaFrancis  DannyPostel
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  sandozmc via  c0nvey
But trust none of their Intel is polictally motivated. 
US Intel Tells Trump That Russia Has “Compromising Personal And Financial” Information About Him 
Intel chiefs presented  realDonaldTrump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him too.   **Oopsie!
The dossier is old. New is: 1) Apparently US Intel believes it’s credible. 2) People in Trump’s campaign were in contact with Russia.
US Intel a few months ago: Russia is conducting a disinfo campaign.
US Intel today: Russia has kompromat on Trump.
 th3v0t4ry
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  break
HEADLINE: CNN Breaking News on Twitter: "CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented … see more 
Intel Chiefs To Trump: Russian Operatives Claim To Have Compromising Information About You 
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say – CNET 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  HLNTV via  c0nvey
 realDonaldTrump you and your surrogates are traitors to America. You've been flipped as an FSB/GRU asset. You work… 
News-credible Intel Trump campaign coordinatd w/Russ & Russ has compromising financial/personal info-call must b 4… 
 greta -on Trump CONSPIRING w/RUSSIA &how Russia has MAJOR COMPROMISING INTEL to Bring Down, Blackmail&Control a TREASONOUS Trump, PATHETIC!
I don't know if this compromising intel story is true. But I do know Trump's  attitude toward Russia and Putin is uncharacteristic of him.
"A bit of...." You, my friend, have the gift of colossal understatement & facetiousness. Obama has so politicized i… 
 brianbeutler  DavidCornDC So the intel is so secret it can't even be revealed in the classified intel report, but WAS shared w/Chump? 👀
Our ability to review info ab ppl has no limits today. So if in 86  senatorsessions with limited intel -was tied to KKK he cant be AG today!
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him. 
Very possible this  Russia report is just Intel chiefs getting even with  realDonaldTrump.  Doesn't make it wrong, though
 mviser It was the same dimwit HarryReid who went on national TV & said the CIA should give Trump FAKE INTEL!  Fools 
 shannonwoodward And probably compromising personal intel. A hotel room in Moscow. A call girl. A strap on. A hidden video camera.
Intel chiefs presented Comrade PE  realDonaldTrump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  followthemoney 
Me as a former Intel specialist listening to all this info surrounding the incoming President. 
My question: are US intel services relying on this dossier straight up or have they vetted the info? 
Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - CNN 
entirely conceivable that what intel considered comprising info in July 2016 is old news, vanilla stuff by January 2017.  Trump  Russia.
This should get HUGE COVERAGE ! Intel committee needs to ORDER Comey to tell America what FBI knows about Trump/Rus… 
 Breaking U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat Read More : 
 FoxNews NO coverage of Intel chiefs (MI-6) tell US Intel Russia has financial & other blackmail on tRump‼️Comey si… 
Obama Ignored ISIL Intel For A Year, Watched It Grow -  IBDEditorials -  PJNET - 
Veteran Journalist Carl Bernstein: Intel Chiefs Presented Trump With Claims Of Russian Efforts To Compromise Him  …
 FlyTheW2016  20committee  TheRickWilson  LouiseMensch According to the Intel Chiefs that briefed Trump & Obama last week.
Trump aside, intel chief insists Russia meddled in election 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  Russian  Hack  Intel
Intel chiefs inform  Trump of Russian claims - Intel chiefs inform Trump of Russian claims

Intel community just went scorched earth 
 resist. No wonder Trumpy was so hateful toward intel people 
 kylegriffin1 awesome! did you see CNN breaking news??? T was handed intel to compromise him!
well goddamn. allegations of Russia supplying Trump with intel AND...."perverted sexual acts" 
Best SaaS tools discovered recently including Facebook Ads bot for Slack  revealbot & app intel analytics  ASOdesk
 CarlBialik understood. but financial dealings, women (men?!), info-intel, promises made...i am saying all on table.
 Amy_Siskind So frustrating! More dirt every day, but no action to stop  Trump, despite damning intel reports.  Comey ,  FBI seem to blame.
Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  Putin  Hillary  FBI
With the latest  Trump  Russia Intel report, expect him to tweet something outlandishly silly and benign overnight, meant to distract.
BREAKING: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him. 
In back to back sentences Warner D-Va said:
1We have the best cyber intel people in the world
2We need to play catc… 
 davidfrum Maybe had Trump not missed all those intel briefings they may have had the chance to meet him about it.
Assuming this were true (because trust US/UK Intel!) what possible mid to endgame is there for Russia? Ban fracking?  umairh  _Cymatics_
 IgnatiusPost How can he be sworn in with all this intel looming???
 shannonwoodward I wonder how that would play out even if they release such intel
BuzzFeed posts the Trump intel dossier CNN discussed but didn't reveal: 
Intel chiefs presented Trump (last week) with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 davidfrum Why bother sharing intel w/Trump as he has difficulty paying attention after 3 min. Better to go to McCain or Graham, or Dems.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him
.... Why was this kept hidden?
With Comeys remarks today unless Trump wipes intel community clean (suspicious as hell) seems like this Russia thing is just getting started
Interesting CNN news. Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat: WASHINGTON (Reuters… 
 Reuters : U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
ProudlyLiberal2: KeithOlbermann: NEW-Intel to Trump: Russians claim to have dirt on him + talked to his people. Wi… 
2/3 Comey sees 6mo of intel from good allied sources of Russian collusion with Trump. Hides it. Because, reasons.
CNN reporting that US intel chiefs have presented Trump and Obama with claims of Russian efforts to compromise Trump 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  worsethanwatergate
In a perfect world, Obama will drop all the intel information re: Trump during his farewell speech w/a split screen of 🍊getting arrested.
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET  MobileTechNews 
Seems likely enough, given the nature of Russian intel craft and history. And PEOTUS. 
 hzeffman  JuliaHB1 so there are rumours, but US intel can't verify the rumours, neither can CNN, but key people are talking up the rumours
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say 
 DannyZuker Intel claims Russia has some compromising info on Trump. They apparently uncovered a series of childish immature Tweets.
 BreakingNews U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
Russia owns Trump.      Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat  SahelNews
Intel chiefs say Russia has compromising info on Trump & republicans. So Trump and republicans cozy up to Russia. 
 SnowbieWan  pollshub Not dumb! I could have read it wrong. Intel findings + his campaign's contact with Russia do not bode well.
Retweeted Tom Namako ( TomNamako):

. MotherJones in October, on Trump accepting intel from the Kremlin and that... 
 colken16 yeah but US Intel has the information too. Check their feed. They aren't saying what it is yet.
US INTEL AGENCIES TRY TO STRONG-ARM TRUMP INTO WAR WITH RUSSIA    : INFORMATIO… 
So Intel agencies are leaking confidential info to CNN?  FakeNews 👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻 
So  realDonaldTrump  was classified last week,  & they presented him with compromising intel on him,  HE DONT TWEET ABOUT THAT, 😂
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  ManchurianCandidate
 punyweakling Anything beyond that without access to very specific intel (which I assume AK doesn't have), is just guessing isn't it?
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, in 
. CNN US Intel Officials: Russian operatives claim to have compromising personal and financial info on Trump

 ConanOBrien Intel claims Russia has some compromising info on Trump. They apparently uncovered a series of childish immature Tweets.
 sarahkendzior Agree wholeheartedly  russianhacking is NOT a partisan issue, but indeed a constitutional crisis. Now new Intel information??
 CNN breaking news-Intel Chiefs presented 2  TRUMP w/ claims of Russian efforts to compromise him.  praying 4 America &  PresidentElectTrump
 KenGude  we have a right to know! Call Senator Burr,Chairman of Senate Sel. Comm. on Intel, at 202-224-3154 demand to know before inaug.
 joftius Difference now is that the intel agencies seem to have got it out for Trump. Once that happens, a new ballgame.
 z0mgItsHutch Intel gonna intel. What's the story? We watched more interesting and tasty stories about Hill and dems for months.
Utterly extraordinary (2/2)

- Intel suggests election contact betw'n “ Trump surrogates" &  Russia intermediaries”… 
 KeithOlbermann Thank you! and thank the UK intel guy! We need all of this out there ASAP, not repressed by  CorruptGOP and the  CryBabyPres
MEMO "Russian intel had compromised Trump could blackmail him."

Russians say they have compromising info on Trump 
It's not a MAYBE. It's not an IF.  It's a GUARANTEE. We WILL find out what intel Russia has on Trump.
Very troubling if this is true: Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 Intel_IRL  IntelloT Philip Moynagh might like  InternetOfThings  BTYSE project  Monaghan Beech Hill College studen… 
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat  TechText  techtect
 Nebraska  Lincoln  Omaha U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - From James Bond 
This going to be terribly disappointing when the former British intel officer is revealed to be lunatic god-impersonator, David Shaylor.
 BretBaier We all respect  intel community But fair to say some Intel leaders play politics with info as Election hacking obsession Benghazi
MI6 reported the Russian efforts to comprimise Mr. Trump to FBI on August. They had their own source in Rus. Intel. 
CNN story explains why Rep. Pelosi said that the intel report to Gang of 8 was “stunning.”

 _0Hour1__ NOW CAN YOU FIND OUT WHAT the F is going on with Intel on Russia having info to Compromise Trump, Was n Wolfe wTapper 1hr ago
Intel officials resort to unproven lies in attempt to turn Trump against Russia so Obama can start WWIII with Soros  
 realDonaldTrump what say you Gropenfuhrer about the Intel and Russian connections?
Yikes: Intel chiefs told Trump Russia claims to have compromising personal and financial information on him 
 SooperMexican  TheRightScoop and compromising intel from the home brew server would have also been a problem. We were screwed either way.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  politics
Big stuff!  Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 BetteMidler Guranteed to, to distract from intel stories!!
more like pro Dem Intel folk deal with anti-Putin Russians to supply info on Trump so as "it came from Moscow"
Desperadobama
 InsideJob
 coppednews  fbcoppednews U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DESERVE TO KNOW! Intel chiefs present  Trump w/claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 

A must read. MTRT  DavidCornDC: Russian intel "compromised" Trump on a recent visit to Moscow. 
OH PLEASE OH PLEASE!!!!!!!Top intel officials say Russia claims it has compromising info on Donald Trump via  Mic
No doubt  Russia interfered in election,  US intel chief says


 TheLeadCNN  CNN  so does the government always openly discuss information in CLASSIFIED Intel briefs to the media?  Get real...
 miggiesmalls your new found trust and loyalty to us intel services (who have NEVER had their own self interest in mind) is honorable
Intel shows Gitmo transfers seek to rejoin fight, lawmaker tells Obama, Trump via… 
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat
 TrumpTrain Breaking : Intel that Russia has compromising info on trump. BOOM
 ACLU This is illegal-  Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  ImpeachTrump
 Trumpwillwin2  Linnlondon1  billyeichner Dems don't care about questioning intel community done it for yrs. only care about damage 2 GOP!
 SethAMandel I can't keep up. So Russian intel is "good" again?
 realDonaldTrump with the early intel for you and putin from 90s and putins history acknowledged properly its advantage donald trump. IR
 JimMaerk  Gajohnson431 So you see nothing at all wrong with trump not acknowledging intel?!?
"Perverted sex acts" committed by Trump in Moscow & fully monitored by Russian intel. There you go. (Assuming this… 
Veteran Journalist Carl Bernstein: Intel Chiefs Presented Trump With Claims Of Russian Efforts To Compromise Him… 
 SylviaGrant211 apparently their Intel agencies have the Russian hacking proof.  I would love for them to share 😄
Yikes: Intel chiefs told Trump Russia claims to have compromising personal and financial information on him  polit…
All I know is that if the US Intelligence agencies are saying it, it's good enough for me.  They would never fabricate or mislead with intel
And the morons still will not care  Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  
Notebook Gateway R 1600... 
Intel chiefs say Putin has stuff on Trump - what next?
Or Intel chiefs pissed off at  Trump and trying to bring him back onside.... They will have their own Intel on Trump 
During recent briefing, intel chiefs told Trump that Russia targeted him, CNN reports Compromised? No surprise.
A careful reading of the CNN story that shows where intel agencies and CNN are hedging on claim that trump has been… 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Kelvin Timeline T’laru Intel Carrier Warbird - First Look!
 cnnbrk  CNN the first words in this article are "classified intel briefings".  fakenews to undermine  realDonaldTrump and keep ratings up.
Isn't the story not "guy we all more or less knew was compromised was compromised" and more "shitbag team coordinated w 🇷🇺 intel?"
 dparkinson45  jasoninthehouse  greta when will Fox tell the intel story. I wonder what is taking them so long. Hmmmm
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him... by  KFILE via  c0nvey
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  notasdebolsa via  c0nvey
But  realDonaldTrump can't wait to deny intel & defend Putin as he's been ordered to do. 
 Anonymous U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat  reuters  news
PLEASE,  POTUS. YOU MUST PUBLICLY ACT ON  TRUMP- PUTIN INTEL BEFORE LEAVING OFFICE!
Has Theresa May criticised US intel chiefs yet?
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. military mi…
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  Mimmer  Politics
 jonathanchait  Evan_McMullin heard from his old intel buddies. The ones that never remember ever knowing him. Get lost asshat
Yup and the intel report clearly says neglect, but we won't hear any of that! 
 Alterian: Gain competitive intel - claim today  Alterian 
 rcarr57 With the evidence right in front of him he, nor his supporters believe our Intel agenciesThey're not perfect bt they're not Russian
We’ll meet new survivors in incredible places and they will all be needed for an "ALL OUT WAR"!!!  TheWalkingDead... 
 BretBaier - CNN report: intel presented to TRUMP implies Trump staff was in contact with Putin reps about leaked EMs.  realDonaldTrump?
 penelopesire Having Intel heads briefing POTUS, PEOTUS and Congressional leadership is enough for me to be very concerned.
 MalcolmNance waiting to hear your response on Trump/ Russia Intel compromise.
No wonder Trump is trying to discredit the Intel Community


 marybschneider a, assuming they're sitting on him until they have a response for  cnn's new Russia intel news. He's probably off his nut.
 pwnallthethings and if Russia does have that intel, its nothing to what feds have..but they wont talk..
 StephenAtHome Intel claiming Russia has some compromising info about Trump. Apparently they uncovered a bevy of childish, immature Tweets.
 KenGude  davidfrum Opposition research ppl on both sides hired English Intel person to get dirt in Trump. McCain never wanted Trump.
i'm gonna lol when it comes out that Kendzior was the source of this new Russia intel
 CNN Patiently waiting for Twitter in chief to cancel his press conference after the intel news. 
 realDonaldTrump   Really?   Your a fan of our Intel, but you doubt their work?  Some fan.  You like them when they're right.  Typical.
If/when Dems ever take back any part of the government, we should know why FBI sat on this intel story but advertised Abedin's damn laptop.
Intel community: “So you like reality TV? Watch this.”
 DeAnnSmithkc  TheRickWilson  tripgabriel  ericgeller Nobody got the videos out of  Putin's vault... yet. Although… 
 7im …to descredit Trump's "enemies" including the 17 Intel departments Trump wants to reduce. Almost like Trump's worried.
Wonder why Trump has been so kind to Putin? Intel chiefs say Russians have compromising info on Trump   
Intel report: Russia is blackmailing Trump. 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  VBotar via  c0nvey
Exactly! They must've seen the writing on the intel, er, uh, wall. 😉 
PUTIN'S PUPPET: TRAITOR
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
http//ow.ly/36CBT U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat http//ow.ly/36CBT
 topNews U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
CNN claims a British Intel claims and FBI is investigating for credibility thought already informed Trump. 
Yikes: Intel chiefs told Trump Russia claims to have compromising personal and financial information on…  RWNJAlert
I've spent the day listening to the Intel brief + Sessions, and capped it all with this breaking CNN story. to the bar!
Yikes: Intel chiefs told Trump Russia claims to have compromising personal and financial information on him… 
So now, Trump has been compromised by Russia according to top intel. It all makes sense now. Do what Russia says or we release everything. 😂
 UCWRadio  U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat  news
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat  topNews  TopNews 
Intel's ANV Vulkan Driver Now Supports Tessellation Shaders  linux
Would the Intel Chair be surprised to find that Trump campaign agents coordinated hacking efforts with Russian govt? 
Yikes: Intel chiefs told Trump Russia claims to have compromising personal and financial information on him -  tco… 
The news of Intel about Russian w/compromising info on  realDonaldTrump ... What will the next Twitter be? Everyone waits.
 MikeMadden  JuddLegum  Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  russianhack  
 ianbremmer  PopescuCo intel was given to the US by former mi6 op that was working for the Clinton campaign to gather oppo research on trump
Mark my words: Trump will eventually claim the Russians have infiltrated the U.S. intel community.
So the claims intel delivered info on Trump to Comey were true. Makes sense. The only witchhunt happening was those… 
 US Intel chiefs presented  Trump &  Obama allegations  Russian operatives claim to have compromising info on Trump  
an idea: instead of border tariffs, let's not do mass surveillance in the US and pick up the intel slack with real people (bonus: new jobs)
So Comey had Russian/DT intel presented to him around same time as the new HRC emails. But only made public aware of one of those things.
 CharlesMBlow This may be the REAL James Bond. MI6 intel on Trump compromised by Russians. Crazy stuff. Just crazy.
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  Swerdlick via  c0nvey
 chmelar_dieter  tschahnschpange  carbon_compound 

Intel chiefs presented cloned  realDonaldTrump Tweets on Twitter.
Austria involved.
so, week before the election, there was intel that (a) Trump worked w Russians under threat of blackmail and (b) Huma often emailed her boss
KeithOlbermann: NEW-Intel to Trump: Russians claim to have dirt on him + talked to his people. Will he actually me… 
US Intel reports  collusion between Trump campaign and the Kremlin. Yikes! Watch  KellyanneConway wiggle out of this one
Head of Intel Committee: Only Reason Obama is Going After Russia is Because Hillary Lost via  thepolitistick
Ha! You have bigger fish to fry Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him… 
 CNN was handed the info on the intel report- this is important to remember as they congratulate themselves for "great reporting"
 MarkWarner On FOX Mr. SOCIALIST MORON, & please save your LW pandering IGNORANCE for Hollywood as Intel was a POLITICAL F* HACK JOB.
Or is it that intel agents say Russian spies actually have compromising personal and financial information on Trump? 
 ggreenwald  JohnWonderlich it would be amazing to me if a glorified private investigator had info on this but not actual Intel agencies
This Warner guy is obviously part of the  Leftist sedition movement against Trump.

Why do we have 17 intel agencies?  BretBaier
 GlennThrush the "Intel report" was a press release nothing more. Concern yourselves with the fact HRC would have been a terrible potus.
THIS IS BIG! Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  resist  CNNPolitics 
U.S. intel: Russian govt. said to have material on Trump that could be used to blackmail the incoming President   
 theblaze  realDonaldTrump  kayleighmcenany Say it isn't so...Russian intel using blackmail as a tool is unheard of....NOT!
CNN Exclusive: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
*If* the "compromising" info on Trump actually exists—and that's still an open question—who will leak it first: the… 
Trump threw the US intel community under the bus to defend the Kremlin. The US intel community decided not to go quietly. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
 ezlusztig  ThomboyD So trump knows he's dirty thinks by avoiding intel briefings he won't get charged w/TREASON? In 4  penny in 4  pound!
 Professing_Prof  jaketapper  20committee absolutely and now within this new intel info that Russia has the goods on Trump it all fits
CNN: FRAUD Trump Presidency COMPROMISED. Trump campaign had personal contact with Russian Intel.Russia claims have dirt on Trump. Resistance
no wonder he doesnt like his intel briefings
As I have predicted. Trump won't be  POTUS if Senators read the report from Intel that Trumps Trans Team in colution with  Russia ⏳
I think the Intel Community is going to fuck up Trump bad. He better apologise and play nice to them. You don't want trouble with them.
👀  resist  TheResistance 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
 realDonaldTrump why did it come up his russian spies have intel to compromise trump. it matches 90s intel for situation perfectly. IR
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics -- now it makes sense
So, the FBI had intel that Russia possessed compromising info on Trump & Trump ppl were communicating with Russia,but they went with EMAILS?
Wow...Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 7im The vetted the MI6 guy. Now they need to vet the info & Russian sources to make sure it's not intentionally misleading Intel designed…
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  whatasurprise
Important Q: Is the story that intel agents say Russian spies say they have compromising personal and financial information on Trump...
Now do we understand why he seeks to undermine our Intel agencies? 
 JuddLegum No wonder he dodged Intel breifing
Of course. The report doesn't do the intel work justice. 
 JRubinBlogger  hes not POTUS yet, FBI can convene a grand jury before 1/20 if they have enough solid intel/evidence.
 rickj6601  glenanna952  jaketapper Why would they divulge their sources etc?  Ever think US intel knows more than they are releasing?
Intel is overrated
 JBaker31826004  guardian   Problem is most were ineffective or on vacated targets.....you know precise human intel.....
I wonder if Intel agencies gave Trump a chance to do the honorable thing and step down and once they realized he has no shame this came out
 Gajohnson431 Did you read the intel report?!? Simple yes or no
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat: WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S.…  reuters
SAY SOMETHING  BretBaier !! You let him stand there and spout BS! Simple question: WHAT specific 17 intel agencies say this happened. LIES!
Intel chiefs show Trump claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  toldyouso
Here is it! The Intel chiefs reveal the Russians have compromising info on Trump.   That explains Trump's devotion to Putin......
 KeithOlbermann we have a right to know! Call Sen. Burr,Chairman of Senate Sel. Comm.on Intel, at 202-224-3154 demand to know before inaug.
Intel agencies, American, Russian, whoever are not unbiased arbiters of truth and all have interests and agendas.
Utterly extraordinary (1/2)

- Intel suggests  Russia had compromising info on  Trump thru 2016, but never used it:… 
Intelligence officials inform Trump that Russians may have compromising info about him

Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET  TechPro  DevPro
No wonder Trump doesn't want daily intel briefing. He might be the subject.
Find & read unclassified report on Russian hacking, please & know it's probably less than 10% of what Intel knows.… 
CNN: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  ElaineSowersby via  c0nvey
 Daeavorn  ggreenwald us intel community have done what they liked for decades so maybe they are ..
 wolfblitzer why are u reporting on allegations that Intel doesn't even have proof of? None. Ohhhh cause  cnn is  fakenews  propoganda
CIA clap back:
Leaking  Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian blackmail 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  aleyda via  c0nvey
 QuadCityPat  20committee 
This is a soft coup by the Intel community. As far as I see this entire govt has committed treason against the
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - What a mess.
.  realDonaldTrump saw this intel last week, and then went back to tweeting about Meryl Streep.
 MarkWarner You're just mad. Yes lots of experience in Intel but what happened with Comey? They are not perfect. Political Nonsense go away
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics FYI
Thanks Intel for not sharing this info with voters when it mattered... 
Intel chiefs warned  realDonaldTrump that Russians claim to have dirt on him... by  KeithOlbermann via  c0nvey
Also, a really solid op-ed on how intel has changed since 9/11 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  faravena via  c0nvey
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him. Unfair media!  CNNPolitics 
Interesting.  matthewjdowd  Americans may never know what "alleged" intel was disclosed to PEOTUS. Any thoughts? 
CNN: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  marianocarranza via  c0nvey
JUST AS WE EXPECTED! Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Soon as  realDonaldTrump 's projectile vomiting & explosive diarrhoea subside a bit, he'll be tweeting to dispute a… 
 realDonaldTrump 90s intel was putins goal was to destabalize am. politics in west whoever pres. is. with his history/early intel ouradvantg
BREAKING:  CNN  JakeTapper says Russia bad, Trump bad- because secret "intel" from UK  MI6  & neocon nutjob  JohnMcCain say so!

 redcoats
 jacobwe  we have a right to know! Call Senator Burr,Chairman of Senate Sel. Comm. on Intel, at 202-224-3154 demand to know before inaug.
Any bets on  RealDonaldTrump's response to CNN story re:  Russia having compromising info? a) flat denial b) dismiss intel c) blame Dems
Intel chiefs presented con man Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him

Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him: Classified… 
Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him - 
Via  MMFA: Veteran Journalist Carl Bernstein: Intel Chiefs Presented Trump With Claims Of… 
 deal Dell XPS 8700 Desktop / Intel Core i5-4460 Quad-Core 3.20 GHz / 8GB Memory / 1  599.0 
Trump was in the meeting Shangi, give it up.. British Intel isn't going to give a podcaster from Alberta their Top… 
TREASON!! Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Re: my NAMBLA membership
Is That All There Is? Intel Community Releases Its Russia 'Hacking' Report 
 BretBaier  brithume Ask the Intel community If Trump had lost primary would Russia have preferred any other GOP & still go after Clinton?
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him... Things that make me say, hmmmmm.  
This would explain a lot...Trumps buddy Putin has intel on Trump... 
. Malinka1102 LOLOL! 
Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of  Russia efforts to compromise him

Intel presents Trump with claims of Russian to compromise him  CNNPolitics Donnie always knew this day would come.
 Trump is a Russian puppet. Intel report make clear that POTUS ELECT has be compromised. Congress should investigate. They already know it.
 LarsBoelen dit gelezen? Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him chantage! 

 cwiiis intel as intelligence, not integrated electronics :D. Heh
 rolling_2  cnnbrk So, Trump's response will be telling. If he doubles down on criticism of US Intel & says nothing re: Russia, it's true.
 bijancbayne  CharlesMBlow Exactly. Do you think that he regrets treating the intel community badly?
 davidfrum Amazing too that reporters on story keep repeating Intel officials claim this happened but also say  "there is no proof".
 julieplec Russia has Intel (read: blackmailable details of all the corrupt shit he's done) on Trump that can completely derail him.
The Intel community has always lied. Will continue to do so.  Trump or not.
 primatemachine  DevilishTweeter I find it hard to believe the biggest intel coup EVER (putting comprised POTUS int… 
😱 ThePerezHilton Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Dell Inspiron (N5110) 15.6" (Intel Core i3   2.1GHz, 6GB 500GB) Black, Laptop 
 Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of  Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
 theblaze Will you be happy with idiots wandering around seeking scandals or moving forward? Unnamed Intel source has bad info on theblaze.
Yikes: Intel chiefs told Trump Russia claims to have compromising personal and financial information on him 
I have been tweeting that "intel community" needs to provide proof of "Russian" hacking or shut up.

Same applies h… 
 AksiBelaTaipan412 U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
. CNN bombshell on Trump's ties to Russia is extremely well sourced. Intel & elected officials want us to know. Trump shouldn't take office!
. ktumulty But it's what anyone w/ a brain has already surmised. IC will continue drip, drip, drip of intel....  JulieHennrikus
WOW!!  Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat  HeadlinesApp
 JuddLegum FUNNY I THOUGHT TRUMP SAID HE DIDN'T RECEIVE THE INTEL BEFORE A DECLASSIFIED COPY WAS SENT TO NEWS OUTLETS.ANOTHER LIE? PROBoeingBLY
Isn't this what we all suspected?!

Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
Intel Officials Say Russia Has Compromising Information on Donald Trump 
Intel hearing today suggested you had direct contact with Russia pre-election.  Nervous about FBI investigation, di… 
*****INTEL CHIEFS PRESENTED TRUMP WITH CLAIMS OF RUSSIAN EFFORTS TO COMPROMISE HIM***** -PER CNN - Underground 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  Spafloating via  c0nvey
. realDonaldTrump  KellyannePolls As U were trying 2 blame DNC 4 poor cyber, Intel reveals Trump has been compromised by Russia▪Poor cyber?😎
Intel Chiefs leak addendum to the  ODNIreport that Trump was told about insider info that  Russia had against him....Wow!  watergate2point0
What does Russian intel have on FBI  Comey ? Is he compromised too? He sat on MI6 report. Tell us 2night  BarackObama  ObamaFarewell
Russia claims to have compromising info on  Trump according to Intel Report.
 TheResistance  RussianHacking 
 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  Sessions  tcot  pjnet  kellyannepolls
 intel dual core core i3 
*****INTEL CHIEFS PRESENTED TRUMP WITH CLAIMS OF RUSSIAN EFFORTS TO COMPROMISE HIM***** -PER CNN - 
ReutersWorld: U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
 realDonaldTrump Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  
 theblaze So its considered unproven, propoganda being used by Obama US intel 2 "influence" anti trump presidency, right?
 RodneyDavis Care to comment?
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  MatthewACherry via  c0nvey
Heckuva brushback pitch from the intel community, though, right? 
 fmanjoo INTEL CHIEFS. These people are low grade morons at best. All I can say is " WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION" i… 
 JoyAnnReid  MalcolmNance It's not suprising that Putin wld gather intel on politicians, HUGE deal if Putin-Trump communicated during campgn
CNN reports that Intel chiefs presented  realDonaldTrump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 realDonaldTrump no wonder u try to deflect what Intel briefings said. Karma is a BITCH & it's coming around.… 
 gourmetspud mother jones had this story back in October as did intel agencies but they had to corroborate. Smoking gun, it seems
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say – CNET: Compared to the data theft… 
“I hear from my old intel friends…Trump…engaged in…activities in Russia that…Putin may be using to blackmail Trump” 
 maddow  We have a right to know! Call Senator Burr,Chairman of Senate Sel. Comm. on Intel, at 202-224-3154 demand to know before inaug.
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Breaking!Surrogates knew!
So Russia has Intel that could comprise Trump...
FBI's James Comey is now withholding the intel that will clarify this whole  Trump compromising mess.  USA
2 DAYS LEFT 
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  ItsOohJay via  c0nvey
 JRubinBlogger  zannerina Comprising means comprised.  RonWyden was asking questions about this in the Sen. Intel committee hearing to Comey
Former British intel agent discovered that trump may be compromised. Serious stuff here 
:  U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics Wow! oh WOW!!!  khan
Recognized, yes: "...mitigated by aligning specific code and data blocks to exist entirely within a single page."
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat WASHINGTO  
 crlshtchr this is my question, what possible intel could they have that's actually damaging
What does it take to get tax returns etc? Intel chiefs told Trump of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Nobody did a thing about the Intel Obama had. Hacking went in and he did ZERO! Warner is an idiot.  FoxNews  BretBaier  realDonaldTrump
Senate Intel chair: 'No reason' to doubt Russia's election hacks - Democratic Underground 
U.S. may hold fire on North Korea ICBM test to get intel, if no threat  RTGWorld
 GracieinOHIO I misspoke.  Not the major intel agencies, but rather, the HEADS of those intel agencies presented th… 
 TopChef Boots  Chicago Contestant, Hope For Chicago  FoodTrucks, More Intel  cheflife  cooking  foodie
 Dell  Dell Inspiron Touch 7th Gen Intel Core-i7 15"6 8 GB 
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him? So,  PEOTUS is  PutinsPawn? Scary 
 Dell  Dell Inspiron (N5110) 15.6" (Intel Core i3   2.1GHz, 6GB 500GB) Black, Laptop 
Intel chiefs presented  Trump with claims of  Russian efforts to compromise him -  Russia  blackmail? 
Russia claimed to have "compromising" personal and financial info on Trump according to US intel:

Intel chiefs from CIA, FBI, NSA & DNI presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
During recent briefing, intel chiefs told  realDonaldTrump that Russia targeted him,  CNN reports 
Jim Parsons Continues to Rave About Intel: It's Last Night's New Ads 
I told my husband that the Intel showed Trump something bad.  He only said the meeting was "constructive" and not another word about INTEL!
Russian  Hacking Of Republicans Limited, Intel Chiefs Say     - CNET... 
 BarackObama Does the Intel on Trump put us in constitutional crisis? Can the inauguration go forward? or is it situation exaggerated?
 davidfrum That appears to be because McCain seems to have given some of the intel to CIA, & FBI which then caused them to investigate.
 CharlesMBlow  mviser intel community must stand up to Trump now and investigate. America will be blackmailed under Trump.
U.S. intel chiefs … 
USIC takes a morale hit, but credibility hits shld be equally problematic 
Hilarious if true
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
 JoyAnnReid  We have a right to know! Call Senator Burr,Chairman of Senate Sel. Comm. on Intel, at 202-224-3154 demand to know before inaug
What's the likelihood of Trump cancelling 1/11/17 news conference based on new Russian, MI6, compromising intel 👀
Interesting how many key sources in all this are private intel agencies: Crowdstrike, this MI6 character... Loyal to who exactly?
 Dcjv3499 Hey look, it's Colin Powell saying they all 16 intel agencies agree that there's WMDs in Iraq!

 
This is bad. REALLY bad
"Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him"  CNNPolitics 
We should take no pleasure in the national security establishment's defiance of the democratically elected gov't. 
2) Basis of the article is memos compiled by just one single "former British intel operative"--not even active intel 
 DavidCornDC Guess some of it is out now. Now I understand what Angus King alluded to in the intel mtg
CNN says intel sources heard Russians CLAIMING to have compromising personal and financial info on Trump. Hmm- Putin's plan enters Phase 2?
This was predictable: Top intel officials say Russia claims it has compromising info on Donald Trump - Mic 
 KeithOlbermann And this - in April  AndreaChalupa said here intel circles know about a tape of Trump at an orgy in Russia. Bye bye Trump!
The compromising intel on Bernie would've been that one time he didn't buy the locally produced birdseed.
Even IF Trump did all the things the intel claims and it is treason, his followers are too indoctrinated at this point to believe it.
CNN: Intel chiefs told Trump about claims that Russia has compromising personal/financial info on him 
New post: "Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say     - CNET" 
Trump's pick for national security advisor praises some Democrats, but is mum on policy details 
Jeezus, this is like a John LeCarre novel. If proven true. Explains Trump's reluctance to embrace Russian hacking i… 
Then LET'S SEE THEM

Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
 WhyIHadNoChoice  Kronykal source "trusted British Intel"? 
What does that even mean?
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics  russianhack  russiagate
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say     - CNET  CNET News
 RealDerekB  realDonaldTrump Sheesh ... why don't you people understand that  wikileaks needs to *receive* intel before it can be published?
I think it is safe to say, we now know why Sen McCain has been emboldened of late to go after the Russians.  Intel
& SIS have the key intel... 
 DJay1031  ananavarro  langcomedy and comey has sat on it...  can't wait to see the Trump teams response...cannot trust the american intel
Someone hack the Russians to get their Trump intel! This is my comedic spin on how they did the other hacking.
Carl Bernstein. Powerful byline... Intel chiefs show Trump claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
So now it comes out via  CNN investigative reporting, Intel proved to Trump that Russia has compromising info on his personal/biz affairs.
 rmayemsinger 

I'm betting there will be no press conference tomorrow based on the release of the Russian Intel allegations today.
 julieplec 2/2 sources in Trump camp providing them intel.  Our side provided this to Trump and Obama last week in Top Secret briefing
 wes_chu that we know of; sorry no active intel on him
 realDonaldTrump the intel for you and putin situation from 90s is playing out exactly the way it was explained through organized traffic.IR
Things  realDonaldTrump should be doing instead of watching Golden Globes: 1) ATTENDING DAMN INTEL MEETINGS. 2) Reading history book.
Intel chiefs say Russian operatives have compromising personal and financial information on Trump  CNNPolitics 
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET  tech  news
CNN EXCLUSIVE: Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to... by  disruptive55 via  c0nvey
But, hey, Putin is soooo smart! Smarter than the US Dems. This proves he doesn't believe US intel AT ALL. Dangerous… 
PUTIN & RUSSIAN INTEL have blackmail information on FASCIST NAZI TRUMP! NO wonder he sucks PUTIN'S BoeingLLS!  kenosha… 
Putin Grabs Trump's Pussy
Intel chiefs inform Trump of Russian claims . Kellyannpolls  SenateMajLdr  SpeakerRyan… 
Trump is going down! Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Why isn't it possible for our US Intel to be wrong. They've been wrong before!! We should be skeptical of all Gov. agencies.  FoxNews  USA
Breaking News!

Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
Did James Bond just make an appearance in the ongoing intel thriller taking the world by storm? MI6. I mean—
 chrislhayes Trump refutes what intel says, agrees w Assange and Russians. Isn't he backed into a corner since Russians claim they hold info
CNN is reporting new Intel showing Trump campaign collaborated with Russian and that Russia has compromising info on Trump.
 QuanFlix_ Intel is life
!!!!!!!! ->>  Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
I know Obama is leaving but can we talk about breaking news. Intel has info that Russia has ties to Trump.   ObamaFarewell
Yes, this is REALLY happening... smh 🙄 Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him 
 ArtificialIntelligence  keeps  ibmcommerce atop 2016  patent list
 jameskobielus  IBMIoT
"Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him"

Maybe he'll listen now?


 7im Yes and we have a right to know! Call Senator Burr,Chairman of Senate Sel. Comm. on Intel, at 202-224-3154 demand to know before inaug.
Still dismissed! You infer a willingness on the part of  Trump. NO INTEL says that 
Incredulous! How dare these Intel chiefs harm the good relationship the Better Dead than Red  GOP has with Mother R… 
Someone please leak the Trump intel!!  
Hypocritical to bash Trump for questioning Intel when Pelosi told press CIA lies to congress all the time.
Holy shit! Makes sense...
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him  CNNPolitics 
The Intel Community trying to make  Trump into a clown to blackmail him 
Russian hacking of Republicans limited, intel chiefs say - CNET: Compared to the data theft faced by Democratic… 
THE NEW BOND FILM SOUNDS AMAAAAAZING! Intel chiefs presented Trump with Russian efforts to compromise him (via MI6). 
 TrumpTreason It's going down for real
 BreakingNews 
Intel tells Trump: Russians say you have been co-opted
 GOP &  TheDemocrats
[Server/Storage] WTS: 25, intel, cpu, new, bid USD on 01/10/2017 
 julieplec Per CNN, our Intel had info that Russia is "claiming" that they have intel on Trump, and have "claimed" that they have inside 1/2
 5: ASUS C302CA-DHM4 12.5-Inch Touchscreen Chromebook Flip Intel Core m3 with 64GB storage and 4GB RAM 
LAST WEEK. Intel briefed LAST WEEK.

*smh* 
 crabbydick  thehill It was actually a former British Intel Officer who disclosed this.
Which is why he's been avoiding intel briefings. 
{retweet}Report: U.S. Intel Told Trump the Russians Have 'Compromising' Info On Him 
Exercise extreme caution about reporting based on anonymous intel leaks. Still, this is a striking detail from CNN:… 
U.S. intel chiefs say Trump camp exchanged info with Russian gov’t during campaign 
Intelligence report to Obama and  realDonaldTrump suggests Russian intel has compromising personal & financial info… 
Uh dude. Your PEOTUS was just presented with "allegations" by intel chiefs that he committed treason.… 
 jaketapper w/ "breaking news" of unverified, unproven, no evidence, unvetted, "hearing" sthing, intel not confirmd… 
 MalcolmNance would love to interview you about the importance of on the ground intel in theater and the importance of local translators
 carwinb Or, if want a coup-like gesture, CIA pass fake crap to sources who pass to former Brit intel guy who passes it to CIA as "verified"
 SnowbieWan they aren't really rumors. Apparently British retired intel has something
