I vote team  iBUYPOWER for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. 
This is what happens when  realDonaldTrump forces Intel community to back up claims publicly. 
No, we will not embrace a national holiday over a sport. Next they will want the entire world series off.


 ThisWeekABC  SpeakerRyan On the record now. Release the Intel hacking reports on Russia Trumps involvement. That's doing the right thing.
Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments  Australia  IOT  innovation
New NexDock Uses Intel Compute Card to Become a Laptop 
Headquarters have clearly done their job tonight, provided good support and intel, i was left in the trenches by my shit mates, rookie error
Data center growth drives Intel's fourth-quarter revenue, profit beat 
Data center growth drives Intel's fourth-quarter revenue, profit beat  InternationalBusiness 
 IoT: Intel Beats Revenue Estimates 
 IoT: Intel Earnings Got a Boost After the PC Market Calmed Down 
For Intel in 2016, It Was a Very Good Year 
 ericbolling  POTUS ...according to what ive heard reported from intel pros over the yrs
 FittsList Intel sales up, but 2017 looks sluggish Follow KevinFitts
 SpeakerRyan :  I want to know what your def. of torture is? Saving American lives with ENEMY COMBoeingTANT INTEL is mo… 
 ericbolling  POTUS be pragmatic.does intel find a technique provides good info or not?if technique is brutal,provides response but not info
ASUS GL753VE-DS74 Gaming 17.3" FHD Laptop with Intel Quad Core i7-7700HQ / 16GB / 1TB HDD… 
Intel CEO: We're Poised To 'Compete And Win' In Cloud And IoT This Year 
 deal Lenovo Thinkpad Yoga 2-in-1 Convertible 11.6-inch IPS Touchscreen Laptop(Table  416.6 
BRAND NEW Apple Macbook Pro 15" Retina MJLQ2LL/A Intel i7 256GB 16GB *Fast Ship* 
I vote team  cybertronPC for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. 
I vote team  MAINGEAR for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. 
Please reinstate  Caliphate_Crush 👠
Acct was used to report ISIS accts, gather intel & share news regarding IS 
 safety  Support  Twitter
 Intel Shares Advance in After-Hours on Earnings Beat, Upbeat Guidance. Read more:  Intel
Microsoft Surface Pro 3 12" 512GB Tablet w' 8GB RAM, Intel Core i7 
 Intel Corp reported better-than-expected quarterly  revenue and profit driven by a stabilizing PC  market and... 
Acer Laptop 14″, Intel Core i5, Nvidia GeForce, 8GB RAM, 500GB HDD, Windows 8.1 (Certified Refurbished) 
Intel i5-7200U (3.1GHz) or Intel i5-6200U (2.8GHz)? Same price (in my case), but which is better? 7200U?  intel  IntelSupport  Intel
 Twisterdotcom  josephfcox That's the worst part. We *WANT* law enforcement & CT intel to be really strong. Their excesses breach trust tho
Intel's Q4 results beats estimates due to stable PC market, data centre biz 
Data center growth drives Intel's fourth-quarter revenue, profit beat via  Reuters
Is your company "flying blind"? Our CEO explains why Intelligence Exchanges are the future of cyber threat intel 
I vote team  xidaxpcs for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. 
iPhone 7 Plus (Intel Modem) in-depth look at the new Field Test running iOS 10.3b1/Carrier Update 27.5.10  
OTHER VERSION Intel wifi 4965AGN 
Credit Card who can be your own PC 
Apparently members of GmearGeta stole the social security number and personal data of someone high up at Intel Corp.
This would mean it was US Intel that was hacking the Russians, not vice-versa. 
'German' intel admit increasing numbers of Resisters were previously unkown to them....the fact they know shows lack of security on OUR part
Intel Q4 Earnings: What To Expect  tech 
I vote team  ORIGINPC for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. 
I just joined the - EVGA gtx 1060 6GB or Intel i5 6500k  contest!  giveaway  pcgaming 
New Lenovo ThinkPad 11e 4GB Ram Chromebook 11.6" Notebook - Intel 
 kurteichenwald  curious if our regime leaked intel to the Russians regarding their identity. Timing is suspect.
 Intel's Q4 results beats estimates due to stable PC market, data centre biz. Read more:  Intel
Intel committee  Democrats outraged over  Trump’s torture comments  TortureReport… 
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results - The Mercury News 
I say we build it together with  Mexico and  EPN . Share the cost , profits and administration of the Wall.  POTUS 


I vote team  CYBERPOWERPC for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. 
Expect Trump's "immigrant crime" reports to come from DHS Fusion Centers, the chain letter of the intel community.… 
panegron: jtp2106 TulsiGabbard 
Obama admin lied about sarin gas attack
U.S. intel said blaming Assad was a 'ruse'…
 YodaTime  Goldberg  officialDannyT  intel  NVIDIAGeForce  SwiftyiRL  verbhal inspiration
Intel: I'm Inside

 PornABrandSlogan
Yo  hamishbode my man, ask them to remove the need to purchase HVT contracts with Intel. Such a bore grabbing 100s to be able to finish them
Sen Intel panel Dems send letter to  realDonaldTrump asking him to read report on CIA torture & "avoid making the m… 
Now we know exactly how he gets his intel!  So we're just going to watch hell freeze over waiting for Fox to start… 
Sources say Trump's CIA visit made relations with intel community worse 
Data center growth drives  Intel's fourth-quarter revenue, profit beat. Read more:  Intel
 nieuws Intel: hogere winst in 2017  nieuwstwitter
Senate, House intel panels launch probes into alleged Russian hacking - -  washtimes
 AngelaMerkelMES days are finite. The  EuropeUnion is about to wake up 


Intel Earnings Got a Boost After the PC Market Calmed Down 🗣 Opines on  IoT
 realDonaldTrump  seanhannity  FoxNews Hard, heavy focus on Flynn/Putin connection. Reason Trump won't listen to US… 
 jtp2106  TulsiGabbard 
Obama admin lied about sarin gas attack
U.S. intel said blaming Assad was a 'ruse' to invade
 DavidUcko groups to fall in some sort of grey ethical area. He also mentions specialist intel. skills. However, such an interpretation 2/3
My  RigChallengeSweepstakes vote’s with  OriginPC 
Watch “INTEL presents Smithsonian American Art Museum VR” on  Vimeo via tipatat
 funder  NYDailyNews What this means, our entire Intel ops are in danger. No coincidence this happens days into presidency. Spy is in the WH
Lot 6 Dell Latitude E6510 15.6" Laptops Bios Locked Intel Core I5 2.4/2.53gh Ebay Snipe ↺R
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Asus P8Z77-V & Intel Core i7 3770k   4.7Ghz Overclock Settings
 news  insights Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business 
Step onto the bridge with a 6thGenIntelCore-powered  vr bundle Star Trek Bridge Crew! Enter the sweeps:  StarTrekVR
News Update: Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business 
 DataCenter and  IoT chips drive  Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4B -  business  hardware… 
Solo ad packages here range from  5.95- 199.95, with databases from 13,200 - 8 
UPDATE 2-Data center growth drives Intel's 4th-qtr revenue, profit beat 
Data centre growth drives Intel's fourth-quarter revenue, profit beat 
Intel CEO: Terrific finish to record-setting year 
My free  webinar starts in 5min >TOPIC: "Secret  MLM Intel revealed" ==> <== Some seats left 
or Sheriff Arpaio ... 
I am going to assume top brass at Intel won't be as cooperative as we'd like or they should.  Hope I'm wrong. 
We 👀 you  intel.  AdAgeAList 
Top-Level Intel Officers' War Against Donald Trump Is Bad for the Country 
Microsoft adds Intel’s stateless,  containerized  Linux to Azure Marketplace  
Are we assuming Russia is arresting all these spies because Trump passed classified intel to them? 
Foreign sources are cutting off US intel out of concern of pointlessly risking their lives in Trump admin. 
That  realDonaldTrump would take the 2nd hand story from a German golfer to launch probe... but balk at  FBI &  CIA Intel is scary as hell.
Data center growth drives Intel's fourth-quarter revenue, profit beat - Reuters 
Intel Beats Revenue Estimates 
Pissed off with Mexican President, Trump nukes Mexico city killing 20m ppl. Trump disputes the figure saying Intel says no collateral damage
 DavidUcko Frank Kitson, albeit not exactly an "advocate" of torture, his focus on special units/forces for intel. allows for (1/2)
I think the solution to all of this is to build the wall together with  EPN . This way both countries have a vested… 
Hi Hope all is well Streaming shortly ! Zombies in spaceland solo egg attempt! Come say hi and get your !Intel up for giveaways
(IBD) Barack Hussein Ignored  ISIS Intel For A Year, Watched It Grow -   IBDEditorials 
Dell Inspiron 15 i7568 Touchscreen 2-in-1 PC 15.6”, Intel i7, 8GB, Windows 10 
YAY us! - Intel earnings 79 cents adjusted earnings per share vs 74 cents expected 
VENTUREBEAT: Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4billion | Ventur, 
' PwC has data on what US Multinationals are going to spend to comply with  GDPR:  IntelRetail
I vote team  AVADirect for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. 
 CIA how in the hell can you let that bullshit go on as a vet i support my fellow vets in intel and for you to be silent on trumps shameing
I vote team  VelocityMicro for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. 
Investors Buy Intel Corporation  Intel on Weakness After Insider Selling 
ZDNET: Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business | ZDNet,  security
Data center growth drives Intel's fourth-quarter revenue, profit beat via  YahooFinance
I vote team  NCIXdotCOM for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. 
I can both feed and protect myself with ammo. 
luke-jr: If you trust Intel, then you don't need a blockchain at all. 
 broazay idk man i have no use for those places now that my off-the-record intel is better than what surfaces on the TL.
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  Business
Intel Committee Dems to Trump: Read torture report 
Intel Beats Earnings Estimates 
thank god as a vet isupport my fellow vets in intel it would be a shame to mock the fallen on the wall of heros get… 
 ABC the decision for 7 of those stars not based on intel confirmations on paper or recommendation from mi-6 to fol… 
In letter, 7 Senate Intel panel lawmakers urge Trump to read Senate torture report "to avoid...mistakes of the past" 
If I were Pompeo I'd expect to be consulted by . realDonaldTrump on issues of intel, security, espionage, use of torture, unlawful activity
Who's feeling LUCKY? Tweet your DAILY vote for CybertronPC for  IntelUSA's  ExtremeRigSweepstakes at… 
Toshiba Satellite C55-C5241 15.6 Inch Laptop (Intel Core i5, 8 GB, 1TB HDD), Black by Toshiba 
> Initially HFS+ was not designed for macOS (or any UNIX) nor Intel architectures. As a result, all metadata read must be byte swapped

МДА
Intel 8085　
Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments 
Watch “ INTEL presents Smithsonian American Art Museum VR” on  Vimeo 
 A3E_Event  KDoucette10  intel  NAMMShow I know those guys! 😎
What if...
Mr.  POTUS,
We work with  EPN and  Mexico to build the wall TOGETHER?
Compromise is always good.
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results  iot  InternetofThings
If he won't read, maybe T-rump would watch Fox News styled intel briefings? Expect a Fox pay for play scandal too! 
 RPSOliveira  lurppis_ the bomb was behind him too he could easily turned just to check especially when he diddnt have any intel where hewas
 LiveRichest HP Elite 8200 Small Business High Performance Desktop(Intel Core I5-2400 3.1G… 
Private Messaging For Service on Twitter vs. Facebook: Pros and Cons:…  Social_Media… 
Wintel part deux? Microsoft Azure first for Intel Clear Linux via  theregister
Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business  IOT
Intel Earnings Got a Boost After the PC Market Calmed Down  IOT
 Breaking Data centre growth drives Intel's fourth-quarter revenue, profit beat Read More : 
If DJT really is a fascist, the tweets about Barron should win Darwin Awards. He is in charge of the US intel agencies...
Hey Twitter peoples, question for ya - Is it worth  100 to upgrade from an Intel i5 at 2.9GHz to one that's clocked at 3.1GHz?
Game Reviews Intel Reports 7% Decline in PC Supply Shipments, Predicts Flat 2017 After Record 2016 
Intel Corporation (Intel) Issues Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By  0.04 EPS 
Acer Aspire E5-575G-53VG Laptop, 15.6-Inch Full HD (Intel Core i5, NVIDIA 940MX, 8GB DDR4, 256GB SSD, Windows 10) -… 
 PutinFluffer  TheChandyPop  LottieSpangler  realDonaldTrump ...the president is receiving Intel on Putin and has no illusions of his
Intel reports Q4 revenue of  16.4B, up from  14.9B last year, as IoT revenue...  Techmeme 
Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business 
Intel Earnings Got a Boost After the PC Market Calmed Down 
 SaysDana  (And yes, they have been cutting us off because they saw no need to risk their lives when Trump refused to believe intel.)
Intel Earnings Got a Boost After the PC Market Calmed Down  IoT
Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business  IoT
Ha ha! Hillary used private email but DT uses an oudated, unsecured phone that is most certainly compromised by Russian intel
It seems some of the info from Intel briefings got all mixed up in there.  leaky 
 HayJayHJ Lmao Dexerto Intel got hold of it now. Bet he's buzzing 😂
 drmistercody Seriously, of all the dumb stuff he's done picking fights with scientists and the intel community are… 
Well, that's an unfortunate headline... Trump staff passing info on USA intel assets to Moscow?

Wow, It Gets Bigger 
For the  RigChallengeSweepstakes I'm voting  AVADirect 
 NieuwsTwitter Intel: hogere winst in 2017  actueel
 CNNPolitics Herr Trump uses a fake voter fraud conspiracy to deflect attention frm 17 US Intel agencies' report of Russian intervention
UPDATE 2-Data center growth drives Intel's 4th-qtr revenue, profit beat * Q4 adj EPS 79 cents vs est 74 cents
 SaysDana Just saying what the russians are reporting. i have no idea if it is true. wouldn't surprise me though. I know that US intel...
Borderlands 2 On Intel Celeron N2840 CPU - LOW FPS: via  YouTube
Trump cannot 'know' anything of worth, Never nuke codes. No way! American Intel is 'on the clock' .no going back..T… 
Saudi Deputy Chief of Def Intel, Gen Massiri, led 7-man delegation 2  NigAirForce " 2 discuss areas of possible col… 
DEEP SOURCE – Intel Update – January 24, 2017 
2/3 of all destruction of civilian infrastructure in  Yemen by  Saudi bombs (w US intel, midair refueling & weapons) 
Intel: Beyond Banking Regulations: What to Expect from Basel IV: 
Out. In The guy. CORPORATIONS. Intel the agencies. Notion intel of US.
 TrumpAdminLeaks Please share if any U. S. Intel is being shared with other countries. This puts our men & woman in harms way. Thank you
 technews Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results – The Mercury News 
 Lenovo  Laptop  NEW Lenovo 110-15ISK 15.6" HD Laptop Intel Core i3-6100U 4GB RAM 1TB HDD Win10… 
7 Essential Productivity Tools for Work-at-Home Professionals:…  Mainstreethost  business… 
The Proliferation of AI and Automation in Banking: As investigations into…  Seismic… 
Tech - Hightech > Microsoft's cloud strategy leads to another winni... tech 
 Intel:

Intel Beats Earnings Estimates:


In 1993, Intel released the Pentium processor. It was a 60 MHz processor, incorporating 3.2 million transistors. It sold for  878 apiece.
 indyflagman  ABC President Trump pointed out Democrat political appointees who were leaking documents.  Not Career intel agents.
 Hp  Laptop HP ENVY-M6-1125DX LAPTOP | INTEL CORE I5-3210M 2.50GHZ | 500GB | 8GB RAM | No OS 
Intel Q4 sales up more than expected, forecasts flat 2017 
What will US protectionism look like for the auto sector? Pt. 2/3 of Dennis DesRosiers' Intel Memo series:   cdnecon
The only way to effectively  multitask is by developing  habits your brain can automate.  DentalIntel  BeyondData
HP Pavilion 24-b040qe 23" FHD All-in-One with Intel Quad Core i5-6400T / 12GB / 1TB / Win… 
Dell Inspiron 13 5000 Series 13.3" FHD 2-in-1 Touchscreen Laptop with Intel Core i5-7200U… 
Data center growth drives Intel's 4th-qtr revenue, profit beat 
Intel Corporation  Intel Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By  0.04 EPS 
In Today's News - Google, Intel, Microsoft, Alphabet, and D-Wave  Datacenter  Cloudstorage  SSD  NUC
Ruggero Respigo : INTEL Earnings call Q&A Summary (AMD relevant only) via /r/AMD_Stock 
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results - The Mercury News  cloud  law 

A great article from  intel about the future of farming and technology
 feraldata  anucecs  Data61news  intel woo hoo, congrats!
Microsoft Corporation, Intel Corporation Shares Rise After Earnings Beats - ValueWalk 
NetBook Tablet PC Original CUBE i15 iwork Flagship 10.1 inch Intel Cherry Trail Z8300 Quad 4GB 64GB Wind10 Andr 5.1… 
 Intel Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments 

Intel 7th Gen Intel Core i7 Desktop Processor i7-7700K (BX80677I77700K)by IntelPlatform: … 
 NateSilver538 Trump is a fox? 
 Intel Corporation Profit Rises 4% In Q4. Read more:  Intel
Take a look at this 
 inafried  fxshaw It was asked on the  Intel call.
 robbysoave  reason don't argue against torture because "it doesn't work." 1) it may work (confirm w other intel) & 2) may work in future
 broazay And according to the CIA, they can't tell Trump about Russia intel or he will betray it. So Trump is the enemy of America.  nuts
Check out Dell Computer 390 Intel Core i3 3.30Ghz 4GB Ram 250GB Windows 7 Pro DVDROM PC  Dell via  eBay
Check out HP Compaq Elite 6200 Pro SFF Desktop Intel Core i5 4GB 500GB Windows 10 Computer  HP via  eBay
Check out HP Compaq 6300 Pro SFF Intel Core i5-3570 3.4Ghz 4GB RAM 250GB HDD Windows 10   HP via  eBay
Tablet Laptop 2-in-1 Nextbook Flexx 8.9 32GB Intel Quad-Core Processor Windows 
Check out Dell Optiplex 980 Desktop w/ Intel Core i5 3.20GHz 4GB RAM 500GB HDD Windows 7  Dell via  eBay
 DOOL Week of Jan 30th: Chad and Andre receive interesting intel about Titan.   Days
In the past American bandits used to escape coming to Brazil due our weak Intel and federal police. But now Brazili… 
Check out HP Pro 6300 250GB, Intel Core i5 3rd Gen. 3.3 GHz 4GB PC Desktop  Dell via  eBay
The Rig  Intel  |  X99  |  i7  |  6850K  |  EVGA  |  Corsair  |  Gigabyte  |  G1  |  Gaming |… 
Check out Dell Optiplex 980 Desktop Intel Core i5 3.20GHz 4GB RAM 500GB HD Windows 7 Pro  Dell via  eBay
Check out Dell 990 Desktop Windows 10 PRO Computer 2.5GHz Intel Core i5 4GB RAM 250GB WIFI  Dell via  eBay
I vote team  CC_Deals for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. 
Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business via  ZDNet &  stephcondoncbs
( IntelSecurity) and  Whose SEO is best for  IntelCorpWiki? 
HP 15-ay018nr 15.6-Inch Laptop (Intel Core i7, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD)  store  product 
Disturbing but true 
idea: murders by drone will
happen here at home.
 Aviation_Intel 

Barack Hussein Ignored  ISIS Intel For A Year, Watched It Grow  PJNET 999  IBDEditorials 
 Intel: Intel beats by  0.04, beats on revs; guides Q1 EPS above consensus, revs above consensus; guides FY17 EPS... 
 evakeyzo you've been hacked about 4 times now i doubt theres intel
Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business  technology
With help by another country and the Intel community 
He's right 
 shafpatel  realDonaldTrump US soldiers died cause of his intel leak. How is he a hero? He is scum who betrayed his comrades in arms.
Enter to win that Intel 4790k from  wdfgaming 
 buzz Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 via  globalbuzzlive 
 buzz Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 via  Globalbuzzlive 
 Gossip Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4  via… 
Powered by Intel. Did I win?  intelconnect
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist ADATA SP900 64gig on a Intel 865G chipset, SATA I controller! MUST
Hybrid Cloud and Workload Mobility with  Velostrata  Intel   CloudComputing  ChipChat  Podcast  Audio  Tech
Intel anthropologist Genevieve Bell leaving to be professor in Australia 
 VK_Intel Interesting. The authors must be confident they can easily reinfect. I'm looking forward to what you discover!
More  cloud access points = bigger workloads. See why  nablet_GmbH focused on media processing to fight the influx:… 
fttechnews: Intel logs quarterly beat on PC, data centre strength 
military, police and secret police take sweet care of terrorists, no problem. Intel is an oxymoron, for real, by now.
 Buzz Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 via  Globalbuzzlive 
 Buzz Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 via  globalbuzzlive 
5 Reasons Why Marketing is Letting Sales Down: Marketing as a discipline…  Seismic… 
retweet, like and follow to win green, helpless cake made by intel!  rt2win  rt2win
 Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4. Read more:  Intel
 SynergyKruger want a cookie
 KyleHanslovan I will look into this shortly and will gladly let you know.
 Intel Q4 Profit Beats Estimates; Revenue Up 10% - Quick Facts . Read more:  Intel
Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business follow==> djawinet
 Samsung  Laptop Samsung Series 7 Ultrabrook Intel Core i5-3337U 1.80GHz 4GB Windows 8.1 Laptop… 
Lenovo - 15.6" Laptop - Intel Celeron - 4GB Memory - 500GB Hard Drive - Black 
Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business: The chipmaker's IoT group posted double-digit growth in… 
Acer Laptop E1-572-6829 Intel i5 - 6 GB Mem-1 TB HDD -15.6" - Win 8.1 
I hope the hot bartender is workin tonight. If not, slowly gathering intel. Her name is spelled Reanna (I think), not  RIHANNA  Coincidence
 KyleHanslovan Excellent question, Kyle. It seems like the new Dridex iterations are becoming really disk and registry persistence-less.
Intel Shares Advance in After-Hours on Earnings Beat, Upbeat Guidance 
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  trade  markets  stocks 
Could We Finally Have a Secure IoT, Courtesy of the NSA? - RTInsights 
 ljackmillah yo Trumptard: the one who is not attending intel briefings is your precious Donald
Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs 
We are anti war but supporters of profiling Islam and water boarding anyone with intel that puts our country at risk. Put Americans  1  MAGA
Reports: Arrested Russian intel officer allegedly spied for U.S. via  USATODAY
Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business  thexeon
 PornABrandSlogan Intel, inside - harder!
What nationality gets fewer paid vacation days than the U.S.? 
INVESTMENT NEWS Intel (Intel) Beats Q4 Earnings and Revenue Estimates Behind Solid Data Centers Growth  … 
 ljackmillah by the way, I'm wearing intel briefs right now. And nothing else...
 nodejsdigest Have you heard about our partnership with HAProxy? Our device intel is now with load balancing. 
An Intel onboard.
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel’s results 
So could be Osama. The logic says take them alive if you feel you will get some intel out of them. Otherwise its ju… 
If that's the case, i can cook up an "intel" doc in about 30min proving hillary clinton has financial ties to the Triads
 TehDeminz it's naïve but I'm choosing to believe in the intel agencies that trump thinks so little of
Spy chief: US intel didn\'t leak documents 
Lenovo Flex 2 59425111 15.6-inch Touchscreen Display Laptop PC - Intel Core i3-4 
Intel reported quarterly earnings and revenue that beat analysts' expectations on Thursday, as two of its key…
The Intel Chiefs Did to Trump What Hoover Did to MLK 
 inafried ha ha the Intel call is already over
Well this is interesting... 
Crowdsourced AI-training platform Spare5 rebrands as Mighty AI and raises  14 million from Intel, GV, others  ai  td…
If Donnie lifts the sanctions on Russia I think the Intel ppl ought to share ALL of the classified info abt Russia's hacking.   resist
 Ricqrdoh i got Intel Core i5-4670K CPU
Intel 7th generation processors and motherboards in stock at RJM Computers. Get ready for the… 
 news  Intel tops Street 4Q forecasts  business  fdlx
 ABC It was great to see the Intel community respected him despite what the Media was reporting.   Another false narrative from news media.
 CNNPolitics Split on pursuing fake news. Almost as good as the WMD farce...such great intel THAT was...
Intel (Intel) Beats Q4 Earnings and Revenue Estimates Behind Solid Data Cent..  Tech  stocks
AUDIO: Special Agent in Charge Amy Hess  FBILouisville on working w/  LMPD INTEL, citizen help, and fake news 
 Susan_Hennessey which intel service is this?  The same clowns that support endless war?
 J_MoneyTodd Look for them to take away from Intel with their newest release of their processor chip.
Intel Beats Earnings Estimates..  Tech  stocks
Perhaps, as some wit remarked, the best proof that there is Intel...  ArthurCClarke  citations 
Intel Corporation (Intel) Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance 
intel gma 900 driver download windows xp 
Intel Corporation Doesn't Raise Its Dividend..  Tech  stocks
Upset Cowboys are Europe to intel comes a Time He
Intel Shares Jump on Earnings Beat, Upbeat Guidance..  Tech  stocks
(IBD) Obama Ignored  ISIS Intel For A Year, Watched It Grow -  IBDEditorials -  PJNET - 
Senate Intel Cmte members to Trump: Read the Committee's 2014 Torture Report before considering resuming such activ… 
I suggest a completely braindead and handicapped person that volunteers, for chief brigadeer. I know for fact you all hate intel, intel
Britain and America will no longer invade foreign countries 'to make the world in their own image', PM says  intel…
 alex Intel looked surprisingly strong in all imp segment,s no matter what perma-bears like  htsfhickey think. (Tho I'm LT bearish on Intel)
 Hometime_music The artist is the amazing  ArtofMarkBryan (with thanks to  efbman for the intel).
 2010LeeHurst 1) Torture NEVER yields reliable intel. 2) The "ticking timebomb" hypothesis has NO corollary in recorded history.  FAIL
Intel Corporation Doesn't Raise Its Dividend  Intel 
HyperCube - Intel NUC modding 2016  computerdesign  custombuilds  mikepetereyns
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  stocks  money  finance 
Russia responds to U.S. troops in Poland, Trump intel claims - 
What to Expect at DistribuTECH 2017 January 26, 2017 at 04:09PM
Smart Grid Tools for Integrating Distributed Energy Resources January 26, 2017 at 04:09PM
Catalyzing Deep Learning’s Impact in the Enterprise January 26, 2017 at 04:09PM
Jake’s & Cooper’s is Back After Its Flood, And Other Intel  PHILLYnow 
 MechWarriorF2P broke the 1000 on intel collection today. wherez my prize? :D
 washingtonpost Where does it say USA MUST LOSE BILLIONS OF DOLLARS PLUS HAVE INTEL PROPERTY STOLEN?
Doomsday Asteroid Destroying the Earth Next Month Is A Hoax: Reports…  Space_Science… 
A DIY Guide to Product Photography for the…  Ecommerce  amazon_ecommerce  B2C  business… 
check on our new video for usages, general differences and all cool things about  ssd  intel  samsung  hgst  lsi  hp
 JS_Ingersoll So Google, Apple and Intel are working to solve a problem that doesn't exist???? 
trying to find the hacker, intel soon!!... 
For Intel in 2016, It Was a Very Good Year  thexeon
 option_snipper No mention of Nvidia on the Intel conf call.... btw, what books/education material do you recommend for TA or options?
⚡ US  98.88
Original Teclast X80 Pro 8.0 inch Intel  trail  windows  cherry  teclastintel

Intel computes credit card-sized brain for the Internet of Things | MediaStreet News & Opinions 
Get your Dominion map intel right now before the DLC drops for  CallofDuty  InfiniteWarfare 
3D Living Heart Model Enters Fight Against Cardio Diseases  CardiovascularDisease 
 pecunium  mmasnick The small vengeful mind of  realDonaldTrump needs another reason than gathering usable intel. Punishment perhaps.
 Toshiba  Laptop  Toshiba Satellite Fusion 15.6" Intel Core i3-5015U 6GB RAM Windows 10  L55WC5252… 
VIP Scoop: Intel on Fisher's visit with Wilson & Ruggs III 
Lenovo - Yoga 3 2-in-1 14" Touch-Screen Laptop - Intel Core i5 - 8GB- 256SSD 
Dell Inspiron 15 15.6" Touchscreen Laptop w/ Intel i7, 16 GB & Windows 10 
 227 Fujitsu T732 Convertible Tablet Laptop Intel Core i5 320GB 8GB 12.5 DVD 
 carrieksada  Patriot_Drew Clinton probably offered them a job....  She can't get intel any other way ANY LONGER.
Premium Earnings 1-26-17: Intel and Microsoft Two names today that report after the close ton...  financial  stocks
I vote team  DigitalStormPC for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. 
DINAR GURUS UPDATE, 30 JULY 7-30-2013  Intel Guru TNT Tony   In Iraq, the people have been told that they wi  dinar
I like code you know but I don't understand how I work
Intel Corporation  Intel Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance 
Intel has announced Q4 financials with better-than-expected revenue of  16.4B 
 Intel revenues  59.4bn in 2016. Read more:  Intel
 Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates. Read more:  Intel
Intel Corporation  Intel Updates Q1 Earnings Guidance 
 r3solv3  SerenityDnB  respawnninja  WP&GILeague  P&GTVMEDIA Idk but you should try competing in the 30k Intel female LAN. That's LIT
V. damaging. Post-9/11 v. successful in stoping coordinated attacks. Failures in Brussels & Paris -poorly coordinat… 
 MalcolmNance Please help American democracy. Americans needs to know what's in Intel report hacking & if Trump et al is involved. HELP,pls
Intel has announced Q4 financials with better-than-expected revenue of  16.4B  GlobalTech…
Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 
Intel Beats Revenue Estimates   tech  technology
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results - 
 2010LeeHurst (2) torturing 'suspected' terrorists rarely gives reliable intel and can't be trusted.  They'll tell you anything eventually
Lot Of 6 Hp Elitebook 2760p 12.1" Laptops Wifi Bios Intel Core I3/i5 2.3/2.5 Ebay Snipe ↺R
Can you answer this? Cannot switch from Intel to Nvidia in Ubuntu 16.04 (Nvidia Prime)  nvidia
VIP Scoop: Intel on Jimbo Fisher's visit with Marvin Wilson & Henry Ruggs III today 
 EXPconsulting  EXPconsulting For Intel in 2016, It Was a Very Good Year... 
 EXPconsulting For Intel in 2016, It Was a Very Good Year  expconsultinges 
 EXPconsulting For Intel in 2016, It Was a Very Good Year  julio_verissimo
As if  realDonaldTrump's running a shell game-big lies draw attn frm assaults on free press/speech, enviro, Intel agencies investigating him
Intel CFO: Cloud computing growth strong - 
 Ballzer3 
The guy who's going to head the CIA already got NSA Intel access for them and the FBI (-_-).. i don't like that.. he wants to
 AuerbachKeller What of the identity theft against an Intel exec? Or the acquaintance of Wu who was harassing her using his personal phone?
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion 
The  Intel  IoT division was one that grew the fastest w/ qtrly revenue up 16% year-over-year to  726 million. 
Apple MacBook MB404LL/A 13.3-inch Laptop (2.4 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo Processor, 2 GB RAM, 250 GB Hard.. 
Check out what these companies are saying about analyzing sales wins and losses:  WinLoss… 
Make money while you sleep with AUTOMATIC blog! | Hull Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4…
 DICEbf_intel what? who? huh?
 Microsoft Corporation,  Intel Corporation Shares Rise After  Earnings Beats  Intel  MSFT 
Retweeted Sen Dianne Feinstein ( SenFeinstein):

(1/2) Before the president takes action related to torture, he should read Senate Intel Co…
 2010LeeHurst So you have enough intel to find the terrorist, but not the baby? This is not a TV show. This is real life.  ethicsfail
Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments 
On Tuesday, join us at the  SV Deep Learning meetup to learn about Intel Nervana Artificial Intelligence 1/31/17: 
 IoT: Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results 
 IoT: Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business 
Apple iMac 27" Desktop with Retina 5K display - 4.0GHz Intelquad-core Intel  electronics
So, Google, Microsoft, and Paypal all down after earnings, Intel up.
 jmonsuer314 Not pretending to have any intel.
ShieldVision applies available cyber threat intel not only in realtime, but into past captured packet data  infosec
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates 
 Intel Intel Shares Pop on Earnings Beat, Upbeat Guidance 
 Intel Compute Card mini-computer is so small that you may lose it 
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results 
 Intel's CEO Brian Krzanich: "There's no real shift or new strategy for Intel" for domestic manufacturing in light of new Trump admin
Intel earnings 79 cents adjusted earnings per share vs 74 cents expected 
We British deceive ourselves we have a  SpecialRelationship with USA (not shared by Americans)
Only  SR worth a damn is over  Intel
 BBCqt
I can't sis this is top secret info from the works of Twitter ukhtidem LTD I'm just sharing some intel 
 Cloudcomputing,  internetofthings boost  Intel's results 
NASA and NOAA use this weather forecasting code that runs faster with the new  XeonPhi. 
 DavidUcko & if no intel is given easily "specialists must force his secret from him" and "as a soldier, he must face the suffering" 2/2.
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates  Technology
 POTUS  When I was still active Army Intel, if mentioned one WORD ABOUT AN ARMY FIELD MANUAL, I would have been COURTS-MARTIAL Leavenworth!
I'm at Chicken Corner Intel 
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion | VentureBeat  
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results  iot
I'm at Subway Intel - CR 1 -  subwaycr 
internet terrorism is much different than islamic extremists. u have to get the intel. YOU HAVE TO.
 TalentEvaluator omg here we go again somebody wants to pretend to have recruiting intel. Just give it a rest......We all have access to 247
 Lenovo  Laptop  3rd Gen Lenovo X1 Carbon Intel Core i7-5600U 8GB WIN 10 PRO Warranty 09/2018… 
and they dont want to talk, u cant drone them, we need the intel, waterboarding might be essential to attaining it.
Maybe our intel services want him to keep his insecure phone--they'd prefer to keep listening to everything too:) 
 M_Lynch_ So you later realised you weren't as good as you thought you are? Well, if you have ears on ground for intel,wont be so hard .advc
Intel tops Street 4Q forecasts 
 DavidUcko Roger Trinquier, in Modern Warfare, indicates the use of torture when talking about intel. He writes "no lawyer is present..."1/2
I vote team  XoticPC for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. 
Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat estimates 
 MI6  Intel,any Tech Hacks out there, can get on his e-mail or cell to find out his corruption,who is he talking to… 
Oregonian: Intel anthropologist Genevieve Bell leaving to be professor in Australia 
Sen Intel Cmte Ds send Pres Trump a ltr asking for him to read the report stating so-called 'enhanced inter techniq… 
Senate Intel Committee Dems to POTUS: Read the torture report. 
Fox is his intel.  Because he's not smart enough to read his daily briefings.   likeasmartguy 
 mhmck Any leaks from Ukraine intel about when Trump knew Putin was helping him and Trump communications with Putin?
I doubt he's managing classified intel on twitter guys.

Do we need a breaking headline on every updated profile ch… 
Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4  Business_Technology
Intel CEO on Trump’s push for domestic mfg: 1/2 to 2/3 of Intel mfg already in the U.S. “There’s no real shift in our strategy right now."
 newsnight why is it okay to share intel with a country that has the death penalty. Is torture less acceptable than execution?
 sahouraxo  M_Lynch_ Lol Mr Intel Analyst,U analyze all world intel or jst what the CIA feeds U?how abt the rest of the wlds Intel agencies
What is a Business 2-in-1 PC? | Intel IT Center via  YouTube
 alsa  linux  dev [PATCH] ASoC: Intel: Atom: Configure media_loop1 and sprot_loop in stereo 
Should“B”able to C-C- “PLANET-X/9”  >24-Mag.(CanSee 35Mag/Earth): Being Hidden/AM-CIA/U.S.Mil-Intel;+>:  Super-Computers!!("Google"):  ORION
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results - SANTA CLARA  Strong growth in its data c... 
 JoannaCocoGrove But by all means, if you're a journalist and have a FOIA related site where you release intel, let me know. I'll follow.
Big ol' Fractal running some mega specs.  fractal  intel  gigabyte  sandisk  windforce  gtx960  z170  corei5  i5... 
Inspired by  MarieCurie, the Intel Curie module is a new chip driving innovation to wearable  technology 
 Evan_McMullin  ChristinLuvsSno  realDonaldTrump please let intel start leaking!
 Intel beats Wall Street expectations, reports  16B Q4 revenue. Read more:  Intel
 Intel tops Street 4Q forecasts. Read more:  Intel
Arrested Russian intel officer allegedly spied for U.S.

Shared via  Meev


 4: HP ENVY 13-ab016nr Notebook (Intel Core i5-7200U, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD) with Windows 10 
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results - Wall Street Journal
CIA has to leak its intel hijacking O'Reily, so the president can be briefed watching it on TV.  realDonaldTrump  CIA
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results 
This is the problem w/trump & team having access to highly classified intel while communicating w/Russian top offic… 
 sahouraxo  M_Lynch_ Lol,These fools with their stupid titles, he calls himself an "INTEL ANALYST" I wonder whose intel he analyzes
For  Intel in 2016, It Was a Very Good Year. Read more:  Intel
My new  CPU  pcmasterrace  Intel 
Pain-Free Performance Reviews? Possible. Here are 5 Tips for Getting…  entrepreneurship… 
 LBC remember how reliable the WMD Intel was that got the world invading Iraq?!? Scale that back for any torture scenario.
 FittsList Intel anthropologist Genevieve Bell leaving to be professor in Australia Follow KevinFitts
Microsoft Corporation, Intel Corporation Shares Rise After Earnings Beats 
SICK!  Pedophiles at the highest level exposed  Politicians &  intel agencies involved this is devastating  pedogate
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results 🗣 Opines on  IoT
Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business 🗣 Opines on  IoT
Newest Apple MacBook Air 13-inch Laptop Computer, Intel Core i5 Processor, 4GB RAM, 128GB SSD,.. 
I liked a  YouTube video Intel vs AMD S1E1 - P4 3.2 vs XP 3200+
Intel’s quarterly revenue beats estimates 
Condi Rice was given intel that OBL is going to attack US by plane in Aug 2001! The intel was without is history!
Top story: Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates see more 
Grab this HP Pavilion Laptop 17.3" 1.6GHz 8GB RAM 1TB HDD Win 10 for  264.99. 
Use code CJANUARY15OFF… 
 Venturebeat news 
 gameswit  xboxone  ps4  games Intel Reports 7% Decline in PC Supply Shipments, Predicts Flat 2017 After Record... 
Intel revenues  59.4bn in 2016 - Intel had 2016 revenues of  59.4 billion, operating income of  12.9 billion, n... 
Genevieve Bell’s exit is one of a number of prominent departures at Intel to start the year: 
Portland Business - Intel beats Wall Street expectations, reports  16B Q4 revenue 
 VK_Intel Great report Vitali. Out of curiosity, what was this Dridex sample using for persistence?
 energy Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business: The chipmaker's IoT group posted double-digit… 
 Intel:

Intel Corporation Doesn’t Raise Its Dividend:


ABC’s Muir Left Speechless After Trump Brings Up March for Life 
 rankled2  declamist she works for whatevet intel/corporate news agency pays her the most. Its called "journalism".
 chrislhayes  daiconrad what US Companies manufacture in Mex...chevrolet, ford, intel, molex, whirlpool, Panasonic, and more.
 Microsoft Corporation,  Intel Corporation Shares Rise After Earnings Beats  valuewalk  SPY 
Intel Corporation Doesn& 39;t Raise Its Dividend 
 TheBSJournal police r short of resources so community has responsibility on providing intel on any suspicious looking people lurking around
The right clinical data at the right place at the right time will save lives and money:  
Teaching creativity and entrepreneurship are going to be top priorities for education. 
Intel beat Wall Street's expectations for the fourth quarter of 2016 and gave a positive outlook for the fiscal ... 
 Evilgenius68  JoeConason  MoscowTimes They have to be questioned and held accountable at every turn. Intel won't be happy about this.
Intel reports record Q4 revenue of  16.4B, up from  14.9B last year, vs.  15.8B expected, as IoT revenue grows 15%… 
Intel Corporation Doesn't Raise Its Dividend: Chipzilla may not raise its dividend this… 
 StandUpRepublic  tadros_s  realDonaldTrump Do u see his new Intel/Security picks. Even the Dems say they r amazingly qualified. Pence?
Buy Cheap  8: 2017 Newest HP Flagship 15.6" 15-ay191ms HD Touchscreen Signature Edition Laptop (Intel Core i3… 
Charter/Spectrum is hiring! - Mgr Mkt Intelligence; Subject Matter Expert for SMB competitive intel  
Reports: Arrested Russian intel officer allegedly spied for U.S.  SenJohnMcCain
cyber attack on AZ elections last yr
Trump: the intel. comm sucks and can't be trusted, trust me. ALSO him: the intel. comm has told me that torture works, it's on the table
VentureBeat: Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 

Intel CE… 
Asus Q502LA-BBI5T12 15.6" Touch-Screen Laptop Convertible - Intel Core i5, 8GB, 1TB Black.. 
VentureBeat: Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 by deantak
 JohnTDolan -So sorry for UR loss.I agree w/U.Experts say torture as interrogation method doesn't always render viable intel;if ever/do it.
Intel Earnings: What To Expect In Chip Giant's Q4 - Investor's Business Daily 
Today has consisted of 
🔴Proplem solving updates
🔵CSE patrols
🔴developing Intel 
🔵vehicle checks 
🔴street drinkers
🔵Intel from stop
🔴 👮👍
Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4  Startups
Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 
. CyberLink PowerDVD Ultra HD Blu-ray playback software bundled with Pioneer Ultra HD Blu-ray Drives: 
Intel Slips: Q4 Beats, Q1 View Beats, ’17 View Disappoints 
"Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion"  entrepreneurship  feedly 
After hours: Alphabet Miss, Microsoft Beat, Starbucks and Paypal in-line, Intel Beat. via /r/investing 
Intel logs quarterly beat on PC, data centre strength via  FT
Tech: Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 
 th3j35t3r  MoscowTimes Scary to wonder what intel was shared and with whom. Who and how many people are in harms way right now. SMDH
Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4: 
Can you recommend anyone for this  job in  Houston, TX?  BusinessMgmt  Hiring  CareerArc
LIVE NOW:  Intel said it has now started shipping 3D NAND from its Fab 68. The company has also qualified  Intel
 6: Acer Aspire E 15 E5-575-33BM 15.6-Inch Full HD Notebook (Intel Core i3-7100U Processor 7th…  deals  ad
 Best  2_in_1_Laptop  Computers  9: Acer Spin 5, 13.3" Full HD Touch, Intel Core i5, 8GB D… 
AMD improved product line up “didn’t factor” into Intel’s conservative PC forecast for 2017, CEO Krzanich says, our line up best ever been
Intel beats Wall Street expectations, reports  16B Q4 revenue  Portland  news
For FY17,  Intel expects revenue to be flat YoverY, and EPS to be approx.  2.53. For 1Q17, the… 
Intel Reports 7% Decline in PC Supply Shipments, Predicts Flat 2017 After Record 2016 - 
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion via  VentureBeat
For Intel in 2016, It Was a Very Good Year  twimbos  techzim
Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4   vcph  startup
Intel Corporation  Intel Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By  0.04 EPS 
 Intel reported a 1% YoverY drop in its 4Q16 earnings to  3.6Bil, or  0.73 per diluted share. On a non-GAAP… 
Intel Beats Revenue Estimates via  YahooFinance
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results  IOT
 FittsList Intel beats Wall Street expectations, reports  16B Q4 revenue Follow KevinFitts
 WISN12News  POTUS 
Earlier today he forced out the State team and then with his ties to Putin our allies refuse to share intel.
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates  technologynews
For Intel in 2016, It Was a Very Good Year  devnews
Intel Beats Revenue Estimates 
 th3j35t3r  MoscowTimes 

Israeli intel warned not to give Trump and his team intel on Russia, this seems to confirm their fears.
Pssssst!

 NIRSARegion1!

I made it to  NIRSARegion3 Student Lead-On.

Beginning Intel.  Over and out. 
Those three years Apple sat on its hands with the Mac were Intel's fault!!! Also Mac doesn't matter much anyways!!!
 DrJohn76533054  tz56 Benghazi Treason involved the congressional Intel. Committee,obama,Clinton,Kerry and CIA. Explosive
Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4   socialMarketing  enterprenaur
Torture "works":

It traumatizes, it creates fear. 

It has nothing to do with learning useful intel. Veterans agre… 
 KeyserSozeCFA what do you think about this Intel? full year guide seems very conservative
Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments  
VentureBeat : Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 by deantak 
Dell XPS 8910 SE Intel Core i5-6400 Skylake Desktop w/ 8GB RAM, 1TB HDD, Radeon RX 480 8GB GDDR5 Video Card  809.99… 
Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 by deantak by VentureBeat
 Intel Beats Revenue Estimates 
Intel Reports 7% Decline in PC Supply Shipments, Predicts Flat 2017 After Record 2016 
Intel Sees FY17 Adj EPS  2.80 >Intel     Microsoft 2Q EPS 66c >MSFT
Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 via  VentureBeat
Intel Beats Revenue Estimates  tech  technology
Leprechauns are real and ride about on electric unicorns that are powered by elderberry wine and frogspawn

Alternative fact

Also top intel
No surprise here. Telco and infrastructure transformation will keep this growth constant for years to come. 
 VentureBeat: Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 by deantak 
5 Questions Partners Want  Intel To Answer On Its Q4 2016 Earnings Call:  Intel 
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results - The Mercury News: 
Intel beats Wall Street expectations, reports  16B Q4 revenue  Portland  Oregon
Intel beats Wall Street expectations, reports  16B Q4 revenue 
Email Unsubscribers and Why They’re Your Blessing in Disguise:…  Email_Marketing  business… 
Intel beats Wall Street expectations, reports  16B Q4 revenue: Chipmaker Intel beat Wall Street expectations for… 
Battlefield™ 1
Mightier than the shovel (Bronze)
Find the hidden Cavalry Sword and 
2 Russia intel agents arrested by Putin. Did Flynn share daily brief with his overseas Russian handler? 
Clear message coming out of Microsoft and Intel Q4 results: Apple Macs lost share at the higher end of the PC market
 feraldata  anucecs  Data61news  intel Fantastic news for the ANU.
 3Novices : Intel Beats Revenue Estimates The Santa Clara, Calif.-based company reported revenue of  16.4 billion,…
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results  IoT
 Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4  intc via  VentureBeat
 RalphMappa  No,our allies are scared..Allies 4 decades are nervous.They don't want 2 share intel with us because of Trump's love of Putin.
Intel has announced Q4 financials with better-than-expected revenue of  16.4B  ForbesTech
ForbesTech: Intel has announced Q4 financials with better-than-expected revenue of  16.4B 
Intel: hogere winst in 2017  Tips2Trade  T2T  asml
 feraldata  anucecs  Data61news  intel excellent news - congratulations Genevieve!
 feraldata  anucecs  Data61news  intel Congrats Genevieve!
Intel Shares Advance in After-Hours on Earnings Beat, Upbeat Guidance 
From VentureBeat: Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 by deantak
Dridex Banking Trojan Returns, Leverages New UAC Bypass Method 
 Google ForbesTech: Intel has announced Q4 financials with better-than-expected revenue of  16.4B … 
*From Intel Call: Sees Q1 ~ 0.65
Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 by deantak
Posted by: ForbesTech  ForbesTech  Tech Intel has announced Q4 financials with better-than-expected revenue of  16… 
Intel’s quarterly revenue beats estimates  Asia  Business
Asus Transformer Book T100 10.1" 2-in-1 Tablet with Dock, Quad Core Intel Atom B 
 asamjulian Oy vey. What does McCain expect us to do to extract vital intel from these guys?
Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 by  deantak
Oy vey. What does McCain expect us to do to extract vital intel from these guys? Give them Flowers and Sees Candy &… 
Intel CEO saw strong holiday PC sales and data center growth in Q4 via  VentureBeat
 BaadBudgie  Remainin_EU  wordpressdotcom access to pan EU police intel ceases after we leave - can't see how this will protect our borders?
Include your sources in the content development process  business  facebook  linkedin 
Microsoft Surface Book - 1TB / Intel Core i7 (Original box and all equipment) 
Better understand how  MachineLearning can defend against zero-day threats in this video from Intel.  IamIntel… 
Russia arresting US intel assets on Trump & Flynn's watch.  КОМПРОМАТ 
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results - On Thursday, Intel reported better-than-expected fo... 
 Tech  News Intel beats Wall Street expectations, reports  16B Q4 revenue 
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  WSJ 
Vintage Dell Dimension Xps T450 Intel Pentium Iii 450mhz 128mb Ram 40gb Hd Last Second Ebay
I figured why not? Worst case I lose and tweeted this in vain lol.  StarTrekVR
 technews Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion – VentureBeat 
A lot of surprise upside for Intel’s PC revenue came from gaming enthusiasts, “far and away exceeded"  original forecast CEO Krzanich says
The fight to preserve, not just human health and wellness, but healthcare's  cybersecurity integrity as well.… 
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  USA  US  USBiz
Intel’s quarterly revenue beats estimates  USA  US  USBiz
Intel Beats Revenue Estimates The Santa Clara, Calif.-based company reported
I liked a  YouTube video from  rginhd Why I Bought a  110 Intel Core i5 4460
My  IntelRigChallenge vote’s with  OriginPC. 
Acer notebook z1 402 14 intel dual core 2957u 2gb 
Intel beats on top & bottom lines..  Tech  stocks
Obama, Co-founder of ISIL, Lied About Intelligence He Ignored - Flopping Aces -  PJNET 999 
Intel reports 9.8 pct rise in quarterly revenue..  Tech  stocks
But he doesn't trust our intel... oh wait, now they're the greatest 
Pssst.............
 Foreign Intel Agencies that Follow me
Want Quick  1,000,000 Personally
 Penthouse offering  1mi… 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue..  Tech  stocks
 Intel Intel reports fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 financial results. 
INTEL CORP Files SEC form 8-K, Results of Operations and Financial Conditio..  Tech  stocks
These iPhone 7's with the intel LTE modems suck ass 😩 missing my old 6 plus bad
Intel's 500 Drone Light Show | Intel -  500 Drone Light Show | Intel
Intel shares rise after company beats estimates..  Tech  stocks
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates: (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday ahead of…
 solardiz  cesarcer in intel, changing them so there is no tlb fill in case privileges aren't met (like AMD does).
Dell Latitude E4310 13.3" (160gb, Intel Core I3 , 2.4ghz, 3gb) Notebook Free Ebay Snipe ↺R
Intel Projects Sales Growth on Data Centers, PC Demand..  Tech  stocks
Killing Intel, I, I just had to resign from the Apple Board....  ArthurRock  quotes 
CP on eWEEK: For  Intel in 2016, It Was a Very Good Year   eweeknews
Intel Shares Advance in After-Hours on Earnings Beat, Upbeat Guidance..  Tech  stocks
Should“B”able to C-C- “PLANET-X/9”  >24-Mag.(CanSee 35Mag/Earth):Being Hidden ”Google”(CIA/U.S.Mil-Intel:Super-Computers!!): ORION
Intel announces 5G modem for phone, auto, and drone testing 
Intel Q4 Earnings, Sales Top Expectations, Q1 Sales Guide Also Beats..  Tech  stocks
Join the BBVA team! See our latest  job opening here:  BusinessMgmt  Houston, TX  Hiring  CareerArc
Intel CFO: Cloud computing growth strong..  Tech  stocks
 feraldata Wow! Huge news! That's exciting you're moving back to Australia. Congrats! Glad you will remain a Sr. Fellow & advisor at  intel.
 ArtificialIntelligence  AI Intel Beats Revenue Estimates 
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates..  Tech  stocks
 intel Intel +0.35%; Q4 2016, Q1 outlook over expectations  tech 
 intel Intel Slips: Q4 Beats, Q1 View Beats, ’17 View Disappoints  tech 
 intel Wipro Acquires Brazilian IT Services Firm Infoserver  tech 
 intel Cidel Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Intel Corporation (Intel)  tech 
 HardTech Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results  IoT
Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business  mcgtech
Intel posts stronger-than-expected results - MarketWatch 
 Apple  Intel:

Intel Projects Sales Growth on Data Centers, PC Demand:


Check out my classroom on  DonorsChoose! I'd love your help to bring my project to life:  via  donorschoose
 intel Billion Dollar Unicorns: Kabam Struggles To Stay Alive  tech 
 intel Sigfox IoT Network Spreads Across the Globe  tech 
 intel Everything you need to know about corporate venture capital in Europe  tech 
 intel Intel Capital Invests  38M In 12 Innovative Technology Startups  tech 
Intel Shares Advance in After-Hours on Earnings Beat, Upbeat Guidance ^Independent 
Intel Shares Advance in After-Hours on Earnings Beat, Upbeat Guidance  WorldNews  News 
Good thing I got a 0 on my quiz bc I didn't read the one time we get to read Sherlock Holmes and not boring intel stuff 😐
Reports: Arrested Russian intel officer allegedly spied for U.S. via  usatoday
Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments..  Tech  stocks
The latest in  Unit42_Intel's series on exploring the cybercrime underground. Part 3 dives into RAT nest  Unit42
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results - The Mercury News   IoT
Should“B”able to C-C- “PLANET-X/9”  >24-Mag.(CanSee 35Mag/Earth):Being Hidden ”Google”(CIA/U.S.Mil-Intel:Super-Computers!!)  ORION
 Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue. Read more:  Intel
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results - The Mercury News  IoT
 DataCenter and  InternetOfThings chips drive  Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion  revenues  IoT  IoTTrends  IoTNews
[  ] Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results..  Tech  stocks
Jim Colucci Thanks for writing Will and Grace:  Fabulously Uncensored.  Great intel.  BSherRadio
 jimcolucci Thanks for writing Will and Grace:  Fabulously Uncensored.  Great intel.  BSherRadio
 Review  Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Intel Core i7 512 GB, 16 GB RAM . All-in-one pc.  BuyCheap 
Intel posts stronger-than-expected results 
Intel tops Street 4Q forecasts..  Tech  stocks
 transit Intel's Internet of Things Acquisition History in 16 Slides via  evankirstel  tech 
OutdoorNews:  Snowshoeing but not  hunting — rather, gathering some intel for future hunting trips. … 
 FoxBusiness  KatrinaPierson Only  MILITARY, INTEL GENCIES are the ones protect MERICA? WH/CONGRESS Policies importance not known by some?
 CyberCriminals have their eyes set on your medical data records. Here's why:  
Intel beats Wall Street expectations, reports  16B Q4 revenue..  Tech  stocks
 jaketapper  nytimes Hope this backfires on Bannon and revelations are many and frequent from media and intel!
Intel revenues rise via  BBCNews
 realDonaldTrump stop getting all your intel from Fox News. The stats are wrong but echoed from a Fox News segment. My god man, you're not 5
TheStreetTV: Intel Q4 Beats on Top and Bottom Lines 
and we all know that intel doc is true. we know the piss video is out there. waiting to be unearthed.
Intel’s quarterly revenue beats estimates  india  indiabiz
 2A
 ArT
 nwo
 USA
 MAGA
 TRUMP
NEW US Gov
By WE HRO New iNTeL PpL USA1sT

 UNiTY
BY SMASH &Trash!
ENEMY
GLOBoeingLiTS

Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion -  c... 
Russia Arrests Former Cybersecurity Official: This may be why intel community was reluctant to reveal DNC sources 
I vote team  iBUYPOWER for  RigChallengeSweepstakes.  this  snowblind looks awesome!
The spy who collected the 'golden shower' intel on Trump reveals timeline of events 
Intel Q4 Beats on Top and Bottom Lines 
 2010LeeHurst so I'm gonna be able to torture the terrorist gather intel and find my baby in less than an hour?
 submergingmkt  dremmelqueen  FabricePothier  POTUS if he does he's dead! He will be taken out by somebody's intel ops!
Reports: Arrested Russian intel officer allegedly spied for U.S.
Remember that one time an  intel paper was the missing piece to sorting out a mysterious  aarch64 uefi issue.  irony on  iron  openstack
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates  Forex  News  BreakingNews
 Intel No, but I added a bunch of calls to my position today. What's your take on Intel?  option_snipper
BREAKING: House Intel Committee will investigate Trump camp's Russia ties - Shareblue 
Jake’s & Cooper’s is Back After Its Flood, And Other Intel: Including sort-of free pizza from Bufad MANAYUNK — Over… 
 Snowshoeing but not  hunting — rather, gathering some intel for future hunting trips. 
Great to see:  intel  Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results -  WSJ  
Ben Fulford/Intel Report - Jan 2017 Trump/Horsetrading (Negotiating) Begins 
... hosting company with US Intel services.
Who's Managing Your Online Reviews?: Remember: Just a few negative…  entrepreneurship… 
The Goal Standard Challenge: The Productivity 'Secret' Needed to Make…  entrepreneurship… 
FBI Director James Comey Will Speak at This Year's SXSW: He'll talk…  entrepreneurship… 
Intel Projects Sales Growth on Data Centers, PC Demand   an hour ago 
Apple MacBook Pro Computer, Intel Core i5 13.3" Display 4 GB Memory MD101LL/A 
Also: Swan says Intel not expecting enterprise growth in data center, so overall data center growth in high single digits in 2017.
Intel's quarterly sales top forecasts, but chipmaker predicts flat 2017 
 JeffersonObama  zenscreamer Trump, Bannon, Kushner reporting top secret intel back to Russia. Our agents are compromised. Wake up America!
Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs -  Computing… 
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion - VentureBeat 
 joanwalsh Media and intel are just examples. The sociopathic narcissist attacks anyone and anything that criticizes or lessens him.
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates - (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in quarterly rev... 
 feraldata  anucecs  Data61news  intel treat my  almamater well :-)
New Dell Inspiron 15 inch Full HD Touchscreen Intel Core i5 8GB RAM 1TB HDD 
Intel Beats Revenue Estimates  NASDAQIntel 
 Intel EARNINGS: Intel Reports Q4 EPS  0.73 vs  0.75 Est., Sales  16.4B vs  15.8B Est via /r/wallstreetbets 
Intel’s Tepid 2017 Outlook Overshadows Q4 Earnings Beat - From Intel Corporation (NASD... 
Intel Beats Revenue Estimates  Finance  Investments  ROIMentor
HP All-in-One 24-g000nf Ordinateur de bureau Tout-en-Un  Ecran 23,8" Blanc (Intel Co 
Intel reports record Q4 revenue of  16.4B, up from  14.9B last year, vs.  15.8B expected, as IoT revenue grows ... 
Trump slams CIA Director Brennan. Trump has great respect for intel but when the top smells of politics you wonder why he questions?  Lol
 cgcartel is giving away an i7 Gaming Rig!!!!  supportsmallstreams  cgcartel  twitchtv 
2017 Newest ASUS 17.3-Inch Full HD (1920 x 1080) Premium Laptop, Intel Core i5-6200U Processor, 12GB DDR4 RAM, 1TB… 
UK Spy ‘Gathered’ Trump Intel Without Going To Russia via  dailycaller
Hillsboro VR startup lets drivers road-test vehicles without leaving their homes: A former Intel engineer and an… 
"It's a strong statement from Intel to add another executive on that level to focus on the partner infrastructure."… 
A slave to these situational circumstances locking me down. I will have to do something about it immediately now that I've gained this intel
Intel Beats Revenue Estimates  NASDAQ_Intel  news  tech 
 LaTaqueria Named  JamesBeard America’s Classic Honoree for 2017, and More A.M. Intel via… 
 thedissent  LouiseMensch Our intel knows the answer to this ?, if they were assets.  If so Pity on the fool who leaked. potus? flynn?
 HITRUST: Thanks for the follow! Please check out our digital health productivity, intel + analytics platform:  
 alsa  linux  dev Re: [Intel-gfx] [PATCH v5 1/5] drm/i915: setup bridge for HDMI LPE audio driver 
Cloud computing, internet of things boost Intel's results via  mercnews
Intel beats revenue estimates. Not surprising that the iPhone 7 deal doesn't appear to have made much of a dent 
 MurphySanjay at work so i don't have the sources on me. Will provide later. Largely uncontroversial consensus among Intel professionals
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates  InternationalBusiness 
Great to see  DublinCityUni extend its research collaboration with Intel in areas of connected health, STEM educati… 
 JoPiercy Because that was where the intel was on Saturday. And what was the point of saying it if it was a lie? Remember, there were....
 Intel_Sharron  HPQ_Silicon  Any interview planned?
Intel: hogere winst in 2017 
Intel’s quarterly revenue beats estimates  business  globalbiz
Intel Beats Revenue Estimates The Santa Clara, Calif.-based company reported revenue of  16.4 billion, up 10% from… 
 ChristiChat   POTUS That would be a great deal. Mexico taxing our EXPORTS, like GM, Ford, Dodge cars &  and electronics, like intel. etc.
 CowtownPaul  JarrodCothron  cya we have unloaded too much Intel while sitting around angry at abuse to innocent business man BTLS
 deal 2016 Newest ASUS 2-in-1 15.6" Touch-Screen 1920x1080 Widescr  475.0 -32% OFF  bargain 
 drdickdixon Thank you! I think I’ve found some in E Dulwich BUT I would appreciate the intel.
 feraldata  anucecs  Data61news  intel welcome to Canberra, a great place to live
HP Pavilion x360 - (13-s150sa) Energy Star - 13.3" Touchscreen Display, Intel Core i 
Intel: hogere winst in 2017  Tips2Trade  T2T 
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.8
 JoPiercy What is happening each day is what matters. Intel is not like googling the definition of a word in the dictionary. It is fluid....
Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments -   
Lenovo YOGA 900 Convertible Laptop, Intel Core i7, 256GB SSD, 13" QHD+ Touch Screen £1039.99 or…… 
Lenovo – Yoga 3 2-in-1 14″ Touch-Screen  Laptop – Intel Core i5 – 8GB- ... 


 RichWielgosz  ACLU  MikeOkuda Trump & his fascist cadre pimp torture not because it gets good intel, but as a tool of terror vs US critics.
Dell Alienware 17 M17x 8GB Intel i7 Gaming Laptop Gift W7 500GB ATI 7970m  alienware
 kurteichenwald Need to move on, but ask yourself this: w/ conflicting intel, why did Rhodes pushed so hard for youtube vide over "failure"?
 everywhere_game  GamesBeat do you have a release date for the new game?
 deal Toshiba Satellite Fusion 15 L55W-C5357 15.6" Full HD Touchsc  436.0 -42% OFF  bargain 
 JoPiercy ...reports of the weapons captured versus the human intel coming in from the scene. Which contradicts to this day, btw.
 Womenintech from  Fujitsu_Global,  IBM and  intel discuss their experiences in IT at  SUSECON 16. See what was said 
Learn how to innovate at the pace of modern business with the  Intel  Xeon processor E7 v4 family and  SAPHANA2:… 
 deal 2016 Newest Toshiba Satellite Radius P55W 2-in-1 15.6" 4K Ultra HD Touchscreen  579.0 
 JoPiercy Right, which is what they thought on Friday, after the CIA intel guys reversed the intel editor who was operating off of the...
 deal 2016 Newest Toshiba 2-in-1 Satellite Fusion High Performance  429.0 -28% OFF  bargain 
 MeiShui had a blast dancing at  Intel !!

 easternways  liondance  cny2017  yearoftherooster 

eastern_ways's photo 
Steps to totalitarian power
1Discredit intel 
2Disband  
3New agencies  
4Militarize
 Evan_McMullin
 Nero_TheHero  AMD  intel Nah, my mobo was AMD so that made the decision easier, but AMD made a great CPU here. It'… 
temos que boicotar produtos americanos
sent from iphone
via twitter
using windows 10
intel core i7
notebook HP
Dell Alienware 17 M17x 8GB Intel i7 Gaming Laptop Gift W7 500GB ATI 7970m  alienware  laptop  computer
Why do the US Military and intel community believe climate change is real?  KurtSchlichter  RoseAnnDeMoro  washingtonpost
Apple MacBook Air 13.3& 034; LED - Intel Core i5 - 8GB RAM - 256GB Storage MMGG2LL/A | eBay 
I just bought:  Intel Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake Quad-Core 4.2 GHz..... PC Master Race here I come!  newegg 
Intel's fourth-quarter earnings close 2016 on a high note 
What is Algorithmic Attribution? And Why Should B2B Marketers Care?:…  B2B_Marketing… 
 Buzz Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates via  Globalbuzzlive
 feraldata  anucecs  Data61news  intel Congratulations!
Reports: Arrested Russian intel officer allegedly spied for U.S. via  usatoday  AMERICANOWRUSSIA
INSIDE THE ROOM: conservatives used audience w/ Pence 2 ask him 2 fire Koskinen & look in2 intel lies on Benghazi 
Ricardo Moreno joined Intel ( intel) as Vice President of Channel Sales 
 buzz Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates via  globalbuzzlive
 Buzz Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates via  globalbuzzlive
 Gossip Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates  via  GlobalBuzzLive
 USA Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments: Intel reported quarterly earnings and revenue…… 
Intel’s fourth-quarter profit slipped 1.4%, despite robust sales of chips that drive the computers underpinning lar… 
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results: Intel’s fourth-quarter profit slipped 1.4%, despite robust sales of chi… 
 Tech  News Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results 
.intelnews We intel offer our congrats to feraldata on her next adventure--and are very excited she will remain a … 
Intel's projections for a flat 2017 don't bode well for Microsoft's PC-linked businesses. 
 _MichaelBrandon Good luck! Hopefully it's something that increases ya wallet, health, intel, and/or sex life 😩😉
HP 350 G2 15.6" Notebook - 4GB RAM - 500GB HDD - Intel Core i5 5200U - Win 8.1 
 JoPiercy Again, let's assume there is no conflicting intel, ever. What was the point of the video lie? What did it accomplish?
Intel's Krzanich: first Optane SSD will ship for revenue in first quarter 2017.
 feraldata You'll be amazing. You always are!  anucecs  Data61news  intel
 feraldata  anucecs  Data61news  intel Congratulations xx
 3Novices : Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue …
 katebevan  anucecs  Data61news  intel ... totally thrilled, totally terrified ...
 chucktodd The intel community needs to get their investigations out asap. Trump questions the validity of our election, we need answers.
See why 2016 was the year of  drones, new buzzwords, tech-fashion trends & women in  technology  intel  iQ

 Reuters  Business Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates 
Good morning everybody I love you
Cloud computing, Leonardo DiCaprio boost Intel’s results 
Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat Street estimates 
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates -  
 JoPiercy Read. The. Report. 
GOP wrote it. Based on classified intel. It's good.
Get this Acer Aspire Desktop, Intel Core i3-6100, 4GB DDR4, 1TB  for  327 (17% off)

Intel Corporation updates FY17 guidance to  2.80 EPS & revenue guidance to  59.5 billion.   Intel  Intel
Intel Corporation updates Q1 guidance to  0.65 EPS & revenue guidance to  14.8 billion.   Intel  Intel
 BarbaraCorcoran Post the answer on Twitter just in case I miss Shark Tank. I worked in photo intel in the USAF for 20 years. I bleed hypo.
Intel, Ericsson and a new datacenter IT infrastructure  TeamEricsson 
Better understand how machine learning can defend against zero-day threats in this video from Intel.  IamIntel 
 intel ’s  IoT acquisition history in 16 Slides. quite surprised 
We  intel offer our congrats to  feraldata on her next adventure--and are very excited she will remain a Senior Fel… 
I'm using a fantastic free search tool from  1ntelligence 
 feraldata oh, fantastic news! Massive congratulations!  anucecs  Data61news  intel
 shmaglo intel call "on"*
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion - VentureBeat: 
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion - VentureBeat… 
Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat estimates (MKW  fx  mkt)
Remember the intelligence community exists to Misinform! 

FCA,  Honda &  Ford Consider The Potential Of Each Joining Tech To Meet OEM Requirements | 
 Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results. Read more:  Intel
 Intel's Tepid 2017 Outlook Overshadows Q4 Earnings Beat. Read more:  Intel
New year, new jobs. I'm Oz bound to be Prof at ANU ( anucecs) & collaborate with  Data61news. Will remain Sr Fellow… 
.. so does  Intel (NASDAQ:Intel)  ai  hardware  chipindustry  connectivity   
The chipmaker's  IoT group posted double-digit growth in revenue for the fourth quarter 
 kurteichenwald Rhodes email to Rice prompted her to go with the "youtube video" route, even though there were plenty of intel denying it.
Here’s a rundown on Intel’s strong Q4 and stagnant outlook for 2017. Analyst call starting now. Updates coming.
 GTP_Social Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates  ReutersTech 
Better understand how machine learning can defend against zero-day threats in this video from Intel.  IamIntel… 
 kurteichenwald Nope. Check the dates. Plenty of intel came in between 12th and 15th stating there were no protests, terror groups involved.
Ive more inportant things to have to accept nine hundred dollars into my ex-wifes castle for intel.
CNBC Top News: Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments  CNBC  TopNews 
Intel veert op door Internet of Things  tech   internet-of-things via  Emerce
 forex  trading  learntotrade Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments 
Are You Doing Threat Intel the Hard Way? - Part 4: Operationalizing Threat Intelligence by… 
 nycsouthpaw And WH using private servers and cell phones after RUS hacks? No need to even call Putin with intel.
Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments - Intel reported quarterly earnings and revenue that bea... 
Intel agencies "leaking like sieves?"  TrumpTransition  PresidentElectTrump  MAGA  privacy
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue 
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion - VentureBeat   IoT
 JoPiercy ...this is the same reason why, in the morning of 9/11, CIA thought Hamas did it. More intel came in, changed to al Qaeda. But...
Pres. Trump says he's been told by some Intel officials that torture works. Ret. Gen. Barry McCaffrey weighs in. 
5 omnichannel tips to help retailers use their  tech to deliver great customer experiences. 
The latest in  unit42_intel's series on exploring the cybercrime underground. Part 3 dives into RAT nest  Unit42
 StephensWSJ Okay, carry on. Fight the good fight. But please write well media, and don't think you are our intel agency, vanguards.
 Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue 
edaccessibleIntel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  tech  news 
INTEL D.A.R.P.A. BREACH
 Amazon  deals  RRBC2017  bookboost JET-ULTIMATUM

Block network attacks—before they’re executed. Your secret weapon: 
 djhor86  rabo12 No. US had intel on bin laden and armed the mujahideen against USSR. That's just history of 1980s.… 
 wikileaks Any Information on American Intel Report to chilean gov about colombian and Chilean guerrillas masterminding current huge fires
 IoT: Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat Street estimates 
2016 Newest Acer Aspire 15.6-inch Premium High Performance Touchscreen Laptop, Intel i5 Processor.. 
 kimzd20 Understood! What do you think of the ASUS G11CD? It has a quad core Intel Core i5 processor!
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion - VentureBeat  IoT
 GhostCapcom shouldnt GeFo GTX 560 Intel core i5-2500k cpu   3.30GHz 8GB RAM be enough to play at decent settings atleast? Crashes 1min in.
“A smart building responds to the tenant’s needs in the context of her environment.”  ShenoySunita:… 
Thesis: Deep Convolutional Network evaluation on the Intel Xeon Phi: Where Subwo  XeonPhi  MIC  DeepLearning  OpenMP 
Starbucks shares dip as it tweaks annual revenue target vía  fastFT
 kurteichenwald  clamd1gger  sdrn52  Lawrence Here, direct citations from the Intel report. Now check the date of R… 
 TBT Ostrich intel enabled FBI to move double agents & ensure successful infiltration of... 
Flashpoint - Dridex Banking Trojan Returns, Leverages New UAC Bypass Method 
 tsrandall Thx for the intel
Congressional panels launch probes into Russian hacking.  Russia  Congress  ElectionHacking 
 Intel Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments  - 
. intel IoT revs steadily climbing but not main driver of growth. Total revs up  4bn in '16. IoT up by  340m (<10%… 
 US  Markets - Nasdaq Composite target unchanged   6195.  Good  earnings from Google, Microsoft and especially from  intel Corp.
 EricBoehlert We're being too casual about the intel investigations of Russian interference in our elections. We need to keep up pressure.
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates  culture 
36% of  scientists at NASA, 34% employees at Microsoft, 28% at IBM, 17% at Intel and 13% at Xerox are Indians [2008] 
 VaporNole  TalentEvaluator well, Trident did cause chaos in Gatorland when he predicted via his intel that they would finish strong😂😂😂
 owillis  hodgman  Nash076  PressSec Cannot wait for the first time he tweets classified intel and GOP says "not a problem".  Incompetent
Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat estimates finance  news
 Intel:

Intel +0.35%; Q4 2016, Q1 outlook over expectations:


Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results -- 2nd Update  
 TBT Ostrich intel enabled FBI to move double agents & ensure successful infiltration of German intel during WWII.… 
 cesarcer  kiqueNissim OS'es avoid segmentation to speedup context switch (e.g. Linux did in 2.0 -> 2.1). Could Intel/AMD make that faster?
 1TheMovie Jan Shatabdi incident: Intel agencies informed; cops quiz few people
 towhey RE: Waterboarding. Define "works". Because every study on the subject of torture shows you get zero when it comes to reliable intel.
UPDATE 1-Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates  Company  MnA
UCSF, Intel Join Forces to Develop Deep Learning Analytics for Health Care  
WSJ: Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results 
Notebook Samsung R710 17 Zoll Intel Core 2 Duo T5800 GeForce 9600M GT - 
Intel’s fourth-quarter profit slipped 1.4%, despite robust sales of chips that drive the computers underpinning... 
 GirlsOnStocks Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments  Investing  Stocks
Intel’s fourth-quarter profit slipped 1.4%, despite robust sales of chips that drive the computers underpinning la 
 ms_erika74  tombellino You know who doesn't think it's ridiculous?  All the intel agencies who are investigating it 
Intel shares rise after company beats estimates  finance  marketnews
 TBT Ostrich intel enabled FBI to move double agents & ensure successful infiltration of German intel during WWII.… …
IOActive Labs Research:   Harmful  prefetch on  Intel  * 
2016 Newest Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6" FHD Touchscreen Laptop, Intel Core i5-6200U, 8 GB RAM, 1 TB.. 
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  PAID 
Good roundup of drones in research, including  kejoyce2 use of  3DRobotics Solo with IR camera in Great Barrier Ree… 
 10downingstreet Please note I don't want 'special' (intel/ security/ military) relationship with Trump led USA. Please stand for UK values
Retweeted FBI ( FBI):

 TBT Ostrich intel enabled FBI to move double agents & ensure successful infiltration of... 
Intel reports record Q4 revenue of  16.4B, up from  14.9B last year, vs.  15.8B expected, as IoT revenue…  TechNews
2017-01-26 [INTEL CORP] Filed 8-K    SEC  8K  Intel  CurrentReport  Form8K 
 Breaking Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates Read More : 
 NathanLerner  TheDemCoalition  MoscowTimes Did Trump's team out them? This is why our allies are scared to share intel now.
Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday ahead of analysts' estimates, boosted by a stabilizing PC market an…
Sean Spicer Mocked over Cryptic Tweets Resembling Passwords:…  Government_Politics… 
Check this out: LIQUID COOLED RIG, Intel i7, 12 GB Ram, Windows7, WORKS GREAT! 629.00 USD 
UPDATE 1-Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates 
How to Get the Most out of Your Millennial Employees: They're not the…  entrepreneurship… 
Intel reports 9.8 pct rise in quarterly revenue 
 Intel Listen to Q4 2016 Intel Corporation Earnings Call live at 05:00 PM, ondemand after - 
Each day DJT Hides his Incompetence! with a new argument: Intel Com. Crowd size, Voter Fraud, Torture, Women's March,That Wall. No Leader!
Intel’s Tepid 2017 Outlook Overshadows Q4 Earnings Beat .
 bissiriyu  officialEFCC That wont happen in a developed world.NPF see any young man driving as a yahoo boy. That needs to stop!act on intel
MI6 denied torture involvement even in rendition years. And UK still uses torture derived intel eg from  SaudiArabia

I vote team  ORIGINPC for  RigChallengeSweepstakes.  IntelUSA  IntelGaming  
Intel earnings 79 cents adjusted earnings per share vs 74 cents expected - The chipmaker beat revenu... 
Just saw this on Amazon: MSI 17.3-inch GS70 Stealth Pro-086 Intel Co... by MSI for  1,378.60 via  amazon
Compra presents HP ProLiant ML350... Check it out! 
Stop looking for the pot of gold 7-21-2013 Intel Guru Frank26 …HCL is a big key to the RD in country…. You s  dinar
 LoreTheCat thank you for the intel lore :o
 intel you guys said  messwithbrady I must abide.

 EliManningHub  EliManningHub  Giants  NFL  Patriots 
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates via  YahooFinance
⭐️  Business • Intel tops Street estimates thanks to two key segments: Intel reported quarterly earnings and…… 
Clouds and silver linings for Microsoft, Google and Intel -  cloud_computing  cloudnetwork
Edge Studio presents Joe's VO Intel - Ep 86 "Just breathe"  JoeLoesch  voiceactor  narrator… 
Intel earnings 79 cents adjusted earnings per share vs 74 cents expected 🗣 Opines on  IoT
Reports: Arrested Russian intel officer allegedly spied for U.S. -  
 linux  kernel  [PATCH] net: intel: e1000e: use new api ethtool_{get|set}_link_ksettings  lkml
 KeenBET damn mate 3-2 hardluck!
Thread: think about this for a minute. Putin says arrests in Russia are CIA assets - arrests in 1st week of Trump t… 
“Intel's Internet of Things Acquisition History in 16 Slides”  IoT  InternetOfThings
 Intel reports record Q4 revenue of  16.4B, up from  14.9B last year, vs.  15.8B expected, ... Read more:  Intel
Remember how US intel feared & warned countries that the new admin would leak info to Russia? 
Ethics - the next frontier for artificial intelligence
+1  zanniebea  AI  artificial_intel
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results - Intel’s fourth-quarter profit slipped 1.4%, despite robust sales o... 
UPDATE 1-Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates  business  bloomberg
 Intel:

Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results:


Spirit Guide Angelic &Pure♥Connection Perfection PureSourceLOVE&Affectioni♥SAGEi♥∞INTEL  LoA
 intel I7 DEVILS CANYON QUAD CORE 16GB OF  GSkillTech RAM AN  TEAMEVGA 1060 6GB GPU WHEN I COME BoeingCK IM BoeingCK WITH POWER BoeingBY!!!!
Tech News: Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results - Intel’s fourth-quarter profit slipped 1.4%, despite rob... 
Trump regime took US intel and gave it to the Russians, who then arrested an American spy in Russian intelligence 
ASUS X205TA 11.6 Inch Laptop (Intel Atom, 2 GB, 32GB SSD, Gold) by Asus 
 Hp  Laptop HP Envy x360 15t Touch 2-in-1 Laptop Intel i7 8GB RAM 1TB GeForce 930MX 15.6" 
Sasquatch tribe probe home and lure man into woods, Collecting intel 
 KeenBET Streamendous mate
. ATT aims to move 75% of its network traffic to virtualized network functions by 2020 Learn more:  IntelChipChat
 Intel names  Cisco vet Ricardo Moreno VP of channel sales, with wide go to market portfolio  CRN article… 
"Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results" 
"UPDATE 1-Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates" 
Intel  Intel Earnings beats estimates BUT NARROWLY misses on revenue I bet consumers get better Intel &  AMD products
 foxnewspolitics YEH, YEH. Now Mexico will tax American goods going into Mex.
Like GM,Dodge,Ford cars and electronics like intel, etc. SAD
ZDNet: Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business by stephcondoncbs 
WATCH: Trump puts waterboarding ON the table; says intel leaders say torture WORKS 
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results -- Update  
Intel +0.35%; Q4 2016, Q1 outlook over expectations 
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results Intel’s fourth-quarter profit slipped 1.4%, despite robust sales of chip… 
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates Read More 
Man Uniteds 17 game unbeaten run comes to an end
Open-Box: Lenovo - 300-17ISK 17.3" Laptop - Intel Core i3 - 4GB Memory - 500G... 
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates: (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue… 
Intel beats Q4 estimates with growth across the business by  stephcondoncbs
Samsung, Microsoft, and Intel Demo OCF’s Vision of the Smart Home at CES 2017 🗣 Opines on  IoT
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  WSJ
Mac OS X version 10.6.3 Snow Leopard (Mac computer with an Intel processor required) by Apple 
INTEL : Explore more news and get analytics 
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates via  Reuters It's all due to the partnership w/  NEPatriots and  TB12
Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday, boosted by a stabilizing PC market and a rise in demand for its da…
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  wsj  tech 
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  tech  news 
Who benefits by spreading fear about  Putin and  Russia in America? How much would intel "experts" earn if they sai… 
. Jfmaj0r or this? 
 HerbyZH idk! Give me he intel herb!
Intel +0.35%; Q4 2016, Q1 outlook over expectations
 cloud: Intel and Ericsson: meeting the need for a new type of  datacenter IT infrastructure  TeamEricsson 
 TrineEdlich  RuiFigueirinha Solid intel work leads to info imo. If you torture people, your enemy has even more reason to fight you, no?
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  Tech  TechNews 
 walter_hayden actually it's been proven to give us Intel. It's not perfect in the sense that it always works but it definitely has
 2kaykim so far flat. But my long term target for Intel is  50-54 ish.
 news Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates  finance  business
Intel logs quarterly beat on PC, data centre strength 
 pokerbill4554 lol..you've been brainwashed, no1 w/ intel actually believes that, good luck...
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  InternationalBusiness 
This does not make sense as Assad government shared intel with the US about AQ during Bush admin  LastGoodNerve1 

 Navsteva  Max_A_Suchkov
 linux  drivers   x86  [PATCH] platform/x86: intel_pmc_core: fix out-of-bounds accesses on stack 
 trading  forex  binaryoptions Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates - 
Russian intel officer, cybersecurity investigator arrested for possible treason via  usatoday
Obama, Co-founder of  ISIL, Lied About Intelligence He Ignored - Flopping Aces  PJNET 999 
Intel +0.35%; Q4 2016, Q1 outlook over expectations  Intel  sitifatimah  malaysia  financialplanning
The Intelligence On  Iran
Isn't The ONLY Intel
West'll Ignore
They'll Ignore Intel On K A
& ALL The Others
=FRAUD
 TulsiGabbard
 theresa_may
Apple MacBook Air - 13.3" Display - Intel Core i5 - 8GB Memory MMGG2LL/A 
 Intel sees single-digit  datacenter revenue growth, below LT plan. Altera acquisition adds no momentum, a disappointment.  Intel
Asked Intel CFO Bob Swan about the revived mobile patent wars. Not surprisingly, he wasn’t biting. Let’s see if the analysts ask more.
 SpeakerRyan NOW release the Intel report on Russian hacking. You know what is in it.  Do it for DEMOCRACY. Nothing else you say will matter
Intel logs quarterly beat on PC, data centre strength  BSAFunds  MerchantCashAdvance  BlueStreakAdvances
 JoPiercy  clamd1gger  sdrn52  Lawrence  YouTube ...IOW, exactly what I said. And what the intel reports said was the intel at the time.
 dougerichards Eggum got the job full-time. So much for my intel :)
The Central Intelligence Agency And Deep State Conspiracy Finally Exposed via  TheEvent2014
Nextbook Flexx 8.9" 2-in-1 Tablet 32GB Intel Atom Z3735G Quad-Core Processor 
 Intel shares rise after company beats estimates. Read more:  Intel
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates via  Reuters
MarketCurrents: Intel +0.35%; Q4 2016, Q1 outlook over expectations  Intel
5 Tips to Create an Effective Mobile Product Management…  Product_Management  business… 
 Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat estimates. Read more:  Intel
Intel logs quarterly beat on PC, data centre strength: Intel beat Wall Street’s estimates for sales and earnings in… 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue: (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in qua.. 
 Intel:

Intel shares rise after company beats estimates:


Fantastic joint effort with  intel bringing the  IoT experience to Dublin! 
 3Novices : Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in quarterl…
Intel +0.35%; Q4 2016, Q1 outlook over expectations  Intel
Ruggero Respigo : Intel Earnings report discussion via /r/AMD_Stock 
tell the President I'm microchipped by US Intel/Elite 4 yrs - now in Charleston - carry a large green duffle bag - see tweets + replies
"Intel reports record Q4 revenue of  16.4B, up from  14.9B last year, vs.  15.8B expected, as IoT revenue grows 15… 
We dig deep into Intel's Q4 results and the new future for the chip giant:   Intel 
 iLadies Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat Street estimates  TechnologyNews 
How have changes in economic factors impacted equipment owners’ costs? 
Intel earnings 79 cents adjusted earnings per share vs 74 cents expected  IoT
 Intel Rising: Q4 Beats, Q1 View Beats, '17 View Disappoints. Read more:  Intel
 Susan_Hennessey  joncoopertweets Trump has all power & Intel even though, at very least owes Putin for coverup! It proves shared deceat.
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue Read More 
Number of advisors 2 Trump being scrutinized 4 Russia ties. Some participated in Trump intel briefings
Big Problem?

 HepolaEIizabeth Some1 with access to sensitive sources & methods intel mayb outed a CIA asset. Trump advisors with Russian ties are suspect
Intel, Micosoft beat, Alphabet misses on earnings. BNN's  hainsworthtv & analyst Rob Enderle provide a closer look:… 
ReutersTech: Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue 
New Defence Innovation Partnership
 innovation  defence  ausdef  southaustralia 
- Intel reports record Q4 revenue of  16.4B, up from  14.9B last year, vs.  15.8B expected, as IoT revenue grows 1…
 Intel Earnings Got a Boost After the PC Market Calmed Down. Read more:  Intel
Tech: Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue: (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported… 
 handeman420 After INTEL briefing SEN GRAHAN said, INTEL officers refusing to believe their own findings on RUSSIA?What was it so SHOCKING?
 realDonaldTrump FEDS will be coming to get you in the middle of the nite when the Intel Investigations conclude on you and Russian ties
Intel 🙌🏾🙌🏾 
So scientists now believe they are Pokemon, and will out smart our intel. Have fun in prison guys. 
 Intel reports 9.8 pct rise in quarterly revenue
      . Read more:  Intel
 RachelAzzara  ybbkaren I found one guy claiming to be involved w U.S. Intel, looked very legit. Digging led to site run by Jared kushner
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  
Never really knew Twitter had this much Intel when u slide the screen lol
Intel reports 9.8 pct rise in quarterly revenue  business  bloomberg
BRIEF-Intel Corp quarterly results press release  business  bloomberg
 jaketapper in my opinion your nothing but a terrorist who reported on leaked intel from a traitor and both should be thrown in prison
Intel earnings 79 cents adjusted earnings per share vs 74 cents expected  IOT
Frightening and horrifying. Next will be Intel community because of Russian investigation. Watch and see. Need to c… 
Intel Shares Advance After Hours on Q4 Earnings Beat, Upbeat Guidance 
Call on  Intel Intel
 MiyuOSU  SRT_Kushi Intel HD graphic . . .
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  Technova
Sean Spicer May Have Just Tweeted His Password to His 214,000 Followers  entrepreneurship… 
Intel makes awesome PCIe NVMe SSDs. However, they royally suck at maintaining supply just before generational changes. Months of gaps.
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue - (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in qua... 
"Intel logs quarterly beat on PC, data centre strength 
panegron: CNNPolitics 
Obama admin lied about sarin gas attack 
Intel officials say claims of Assad's responsibili…
Goes right along with Sch̶umers threat about messing with Intel agencies. And all plays right into Trump's strategy… 
 realDonaldTrump 20% tax on Mex. Goods. What about American goods goiing toMex. like GM, Ford, Dodge cars & electronics like Intel. Tax us?
intel 
Thats a lie I never made it up it means I can fuck intel cpus
Barron Trump and the Right Wing PC Culture: via  YouTube
CNBC Top News: Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat Street estimates  CNBC  TopNews 
Presenting a Good Luck & Prosperity banner to  intel in Folsom this morning! 

 EasternWays… 
Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat estimates - Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat... 
Intel reports record Q4 revenue of  16.4B, up from  14.9B last year, vs.  15.8B expected, as IoT revenue grows 15% … 
edaccessibleIntel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  business  news 
Google wants to bring smarts to cool gadgets and devices made using Raspberry Pi 3 or Intel's Edison. The…  Gaming
 IntergalacticQ Yes. But everyone acts on intel to some degree. Nothing's ever infallible.
Alienware Alpha Intel I7 240gb Ssd Hdd 16gb Ram Geforce 2gb With Xbox Mini P Last Second Eba
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday a...
Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday ahead of a...
 Detroit_Dragon  BreitbartNews they were Americans at the time. However many unwittingly provided Intel to the Japanese forces. War is hell.
 Intel reports 9.8 pct rise in quarterly revenue. Read more:  Intel
BRIEF- Intel Corp quarterly results press release. Read more:  Intel
[  ] Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results 
"Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue" 
BRIEF-Intel Corp quarterly results press release 
 dvan1313  candace_alyshia  Saveourcountry7  kpfallon He is not behaving like a POTUS. gag orders, info, ignores intel? Dictator
All the experts agree that torture produces bad intel. You just threw away your hour because movies told you inhuma… 
 Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue

Thank to Wikileaks, ex NSA'd Binney, CIA's Steele & other Intel insiders we know ‘Russian hacking’ is a total fakery 
 Intel Up 1.5%.  Intel  Dividend Stock  Analysis - via  KenFaulkenberry  yield  growth… 
Intel Q4 Earnings, Sales Top Expectations, Q1 Sales Guide Also Beats 
Lenovo ThinkCentre M93p 10A6 Intel Core i7-4770 Quad-Core 3.40GHz Mini-Tower Desktop. now only  599.99.
 JasonnarT  intel Baptized in Fire_Kid Cudi
Listen to RaeThaGawd - Thirty by BLVCK INTEL  np on  SoundCloud 
Intel Q4: record revenue of  16.4B, up from  14.9B last year, beating  15.8B expected  bu…
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue: (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in…… 
 TECH Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  News  Technology  aws  startup
fastFT: Intel logs quarterly beat on PC, data centre strength 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  tech 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue: (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent…… 
 andrewpconnell  nick_nlawrie  DaveGOwen  michaelwhite Do you think MT had prior USA intel that invasion was likely?
Trump had five minute standing ovation from CIA Intel people at Langley CIA HQ

Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results  business  news 
Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results
Keep it up  Intel, you're almost there:
Intel Could Break 16-Year Resistance After Earnings  Intel 

 FittsList Intel's quarterly sales top forecasts, but chipmaker predicts flat 2017 Follow KevinFitts
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  UAE  Follow
I have a ton of intel on human trafficking from independent investigation
Data center and Internet of Things chip revenues drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion 
Oregonian: Intel's quarterly sales top forecasts, but chipmaker predicts flat 2017 
DINAR GURUS UPDATE, 5 FEB 2-5-2015   Intel/Newshound Guru tman23  ...it should be obvious...that currency re  dinar
 news  Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  business  fdlx
 OptionsShark One area that was soft was the enterprise data center (I think Intel is losing market share to competition here). Cloud strong
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  Facebook  android  app go to 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  technology  News
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  UCapital
 6: 2017 Newest HP Flagship 15.6" 15-ay191ms HD Touchscreen Signature Edition Laptop (Intel Core i3-7100u 2.40 GHz,… 
Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat Street estimates -   
Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat Street estimates  Tips2Trade  T2T 
 7: HP ENVY 13-ab016nr Notebook (Intel Core i5-7200U, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD) with Windows 10 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue
Rus intel tip Stops Kerry Palestinian Cowardice Freezes  221 Million Payment  jayjayjames64  MMFlint  MAGA  SenateGOP  tcot  realDonaldTrump
 Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  business
 Intel Intel's quarterly revenue beats estimates 
Intel shares rise after company beats estimates  Stocks  All Finance  S&P 500 Index  NASDAQ 100 Components  Dow 
The  intel core i7 7700k finally arrived...  linux tests in a few days. 
Yahoo Tech - Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue 
Harry Hinsley 'It is clear that the Intel branch of MEW depended more heavily on press material than secret sources… 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue Find me on 
Intel Q4: record revenue of  16.4B, up from  14.9B last year, beating  15.8B expected 
 civiqscapes this is exciting news, glad to see  Intel powered public kiosks helping communities connect digitally  Inteliot  IntelRetail
grab more  Intel on Intel Posts Stronger-Than-Expected Results Sales climbed for chips 4 computers underpinning large internet providers
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue 
HP Inc. Smart Buy ProBook 450 G3 Intel Core i5-6200U Dual-Core 2.30GHz Notebook PC. For only  529.99.
Intel reports record Q4 revenue of  16.4B, up from  14.9B last year, vs.  15.8B expected, as IoT revenue…… 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  DeenSanwoola 
KillDisk “...enhanced the malware by adding the ransomware capability” 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  business  news
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  news  technology
Intel reports 9.8 pct rise in quarterly revenue (reuters)
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue ^Re
 ExecComp leaders from  Boeing,  GeneralMills,  intel and  WesternUnion sharing experience and insight.… 
 MalcolmNance do any of your  intel friends have info on  realDonaldTrump deal making skills because he appears to suck at deal making
Great for an intel officer and public servant to be able to say, "I am proud of my service." 
Hp 14 ac139tu intel core i3 5005u ram 4gb 14led 
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion   vcph  startup
Check this out: Intel i7 , DELL XPS COMPUTER - 8 GB RAM, WORKS GREAT! 333.00 USD  ads… 
 Intel  AMD Intel reported surprise strength in PC sales, particularly in the high-end pricing range. PC revenues up +2%, profit up 30% 👍
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  Business
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue: (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent…  businessNews
Intel's quarterly sales top forecasts, but chipmaker predicts flat 2017  pdx
New post: "Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue" 
Intel reports 9.8 pct rise in quarterly revenue  Company  MnA
BRIEF-Intel Corp quarterly results press release  Company  MnA
The Intel  RigChallengeSweepstakes is live! Vote for  Snowblind  iBUYPOWER
Intel shares rise after company beats estimates 
 Business | Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  RTGFinance
Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat Street estimates  Facebook  android  app go to 
"Intel reports 9.8 pct rise in quarterly revenue" 
"BRIEF-Intel Corp quarterly results press release" 
Intel beat earning estimates - and it's  IoT group posted rev of  726M - a strong 16% growth YoY.  Intel  Inteliot
Intel reports 9.8 pct rise in quarterly revenue: Jan 26 (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9… 
WORLD | Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue | Read: via REUTERS©
 Fusion  JohnDunmoreLang <To
de USA angle of aggression is inconceivable..
Sadly, INTEL is not surprised 'WE' knew… 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue: (Reuters) - Intel Corp…  businessNews… 
 TeamCavuto  MariaBartiromo  cvpayne 20% tax on Mex. Goods? What about American goods going to Mexico. Will they tax GM, Ford, Intel, etc.?
 FOREX BUSINESS Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue 
Intel Slips: Q4 Beats, Q1 View Beats, '17 View Disappoints 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  biz 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  Business  Markets  News 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  businessnews 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  businessNews (Reuters) 
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  businessNews
Intel Rising: Q4 Beats, Q1 View Beats, ’17 View Disappoints  economicnews 
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion   socialMarketing  enterprenaur
Intel shares rise after company beats estimates
Experience demos in  automateddriving,  5G,  VR,  AI, sports and more at the  Intel booth 10048  CES2017 
Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat Street estimates  econ  mises  keynes
 CNNPolitics 
Obama admin lied about sarin gas attack 
Intel officials say claims of Assad's responsibility a 'ruse'
Software Engineer for Head-Worn Displays: Intel of Canada: "Develops software as the…  software  jobs  vancouver
Software Engineer for Head-Worn Displays: Intel of Canada: "Develops software as the…  computing  jobs  vancouver
HP ENVY 34-a010 34-Inch All-in-One Desktop (Intel Core i5, 12 GB RAM, 1 TB HDD) with Windows 10 
 fryselectronics 20+minute wait times when calling your Wilsonville, OR store. Do they carry any intel kaby lake mobo/cpu's? none on website
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion  Startups
 MARKETWATCH Intel shares rise after company beats estimates 
 digitalnews Intel Earnings Preview: What to Watch 
Intel shares 📈 rise after company beats estimates MARKETWATCH
Intel earnings 79 cents adjusted earnings per share vs 74 cents expected - CNBC 
 Intel:

Intel earnings 79 cents adjusted earnings per share vs 74 cents …:


Intel shares rise after company beats estimates  Tips2Trade  T2T
[PC] WTB: 50+/-, Intel, CPU i3 and i5 second generation, socket 1155, used,tested,Grad A… 
Reply to  joshtpm  TPM  BTW the arrestee may not have actually been a US asset but his compromise serves US intel aims-interests anyway
 US_Intel  SpeakerRyan Ryan was in charge in the 1930s? Know your history dopr
Tech: Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion 
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion: 
 thehill Pompeo is back at CIA Headquarters knee deep in intel re: Russia election hacking and looking for millions who voted illegally.
Reach up to 10 TFLOPS of single-precision floating point DSP performance with Stratix 10  FP&GAs — now available.… 
 preppersguide Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue 
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive  Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion. Read more:  Intel
WORLD | Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue | Read: via Yahoo!© News
 Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat Street estimates. Read more:  Intel
 SilentHitoshura Their new gpu - hopefully Ryzen will match the performance of Intel and be cheap. Make Intel lower their shitty prices
Dell Alienware AW17R3 17in. (1TB + 256GB, Intel Core i7-6700HQ, GTX 970M)  alienware  laptop  computer
 CNBCClosingBell  dee_bosa  CNBCJosh  AditiRoyCNBC  jonfortt  kaylatausche 

Intel Won !!! +2.61%.
Researchers are turning to drones to help solve serious global challenges: 
 JoPiercy  clamd1gger  sdrn52  Lawrence Let me guess: U never read any of official GOP intel committee reports that show no one said that.
 NotaBubble  yusschr  7wtc Intel the only winner today ,  SBUX  Google AND  MSFT either lost or barely up. How about  PYPL ? report yet ?
Intel Recoups Losses, Rises: Q4 Beats, Q1 View Beats, ’17 View Disappoints - Tech Trader Daily - Barron's  Intel 
Intel Slips: Q4 Beats, Q1 View Beats, ’17 View Disappoints - Tech Trader Daily - 
 Intel share rise after  earnings and revenue beat Street estimates  intc  
 WallStreet  Intel EARNINGS: Intel Reports Q4 EPS  0.73 vs  0.75 Est., Sales  16.4B vs… 
Intel Earnings Got a Boost After the PC Market Calmed Down  tech 
 DitsHavoc honestly I don't know anything about vega or that I just saw the ryzen news and wanted away from Intel
Nice quarter for the "tel" in Wintel. Well, I guess Intel is also the intel in Wintel. Anyhoo,  Intel up 2% after hours on EPS & sales beat.
Dell - Inspiron I3542-11001BK 15.6" Touch-Screen Laptop / Intel Core i3 / 4GB Memory / 750GB Hard.. 
Filling up. Apparently there won't be a formal speech, just a focus on questions (eavesdropped intel)  winnipeg… 
 Setting4Success Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue  News  smallbusiness  entrepreneur
VentureBeat: Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion … 
BRIEF-Intel Corp quarterly results press release 
BRIEF-Intel Corp quarterly results press release - Please click on the link below for Intel Corp's quarterly ea... 
Intel Slips: Q4 Beats, Q1 View Beats, ’17 View Disappoints 
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion 
 Torx402 😂😂😂😂 he's the type of guy to use the integrated Intel graphics
Intel Edison,Use Intel Cloud on the example of the realization of the distance sensor
  
ill maybe post it if you guys wanna see it. its super rough and gives no intel 2 what the plot will be
 GeorgeHWBush Here's my Lawsuit against the Hospital that the Intel Reports they Have I was Denied a Life Threateni… 
i could try installing osx on my intel nuc
 Intel New SEC Document(s) for Intel Corp.
From our Stock News Alerts App
HP Inc. ProBook 450 G3 Intel Core i3-6100U Dual-Core 2.30GHz Notebook PC Now only  479.99 with Free Shipping
 Syria  Aleppo NE CS - Situation Map Update -
 SAA is moving further NE 
 GeromanAT
Map:  MilitaryMaps 
Intel:… 
Intel Corp reported EPS of  0.79, 5.33% above analysts' estimates.  earnings  earningsreports
VentureBeat : Data center and Internet of Things chip revenues drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion … 
Intel Security Survey Reveals New Family Challenges as Connected Lifestyle Grows 
Senior FP&GA High Level Design OpenCL Applications job - Intel - Hudson, MA 

Senior FP&GA High ...  Jobs 
 Intel  Earnings Got a Boost After the PC Market Calmed Down via  josephjett
 aramil248 yea, not sure how it will do with intel graphics
Dell Alienware AW17R3 17in. (1TB + 256GB, Intel Core i7-6700HQ, GTX 970M)  alienware
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue on ...
Intel reports 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue (Reuters) - Intel Corp reported a 9.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Thursday,...
Jake tapper is nothing but a terrorist who talked about leaked intel bt a traitor both should be imprisoned at the very least
Lenovo N22 11.6-inch High Performance Laptop Notebook (2016 New Premium Edition), Intel D 
 VentureBeat: Data center and Internet of Things chip revenues drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion by deantak…
When it comes to paid vacation days, what countries are on top? On bottom? 
Data center and Internet of Things chip revenues drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion by deantak by VentureBeat
house intel panel mpves ahead with Russian hacking probe
 MagicburstW Hello Mac W., thank you for contacting Intel. In order to help with your issue, could you please 1/3 
Data center and Internet of Things chip revenues drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion: Intel…… 
Intel's revenue climbed 10% from a year ago, BTW. Profits slid 1%.
 BritneyMuller  Moz haha thanks Interviews and outsider/insider intel has done so much for me over the years. Looking forward to the results
TRUMP INVITED SUPPORTERS TO CLAP. WASN'T  CIA. AGAIN CONNING AMERICA. I'M TIRED OF THIS REALTY SHOW. RESIST
New: Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat Street estimates 
Intel earnings 79 cents adjusted earnings per share vs 74 cents expected via  YahooFinance
Intel shares rise after earnings and revenue beat Street estimates - 
Intel Hires Cisco Veteran As Part Of Top Channel Executive Shakeup - CRN 
 Asma_Jahangir  signpostpoetry Torture yields the story the torturer wants to hear. Nazi intel was notorious for yessmanship
New CIA director arrives to tense intel community 
Intel reports full year 2016 & Q4 earnings 
 GeorgeHWBush The Hospital Where I live Pushed Intel Records to the Street to Kill me Please Confiscate your's and your wife's Records.
From VentureBeat: Data center and Internet of Things chip revenues drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion by dea…
Data center and Internet of Things chips drive  Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion  intc via  VentureBeat
Data center and Internet of Things chip revenues drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion by deantak
 OmarAyub32 hahaha I just happen to have inside intel
VentureBeat: Data center and Internet of Things chip revenues drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion by deantak
You are too kind for words  gary_takacs - too kind! 
I don't know what he's talking about. I'm a life long security expert in Intel gathering I just prefer to do it fro… 
I vote team  CYBERPOWERPC for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. <3
 CNBC "Intel earnings 79 cents adjusted earnings per share vs 74 cents expected" 
There are few players in the  IoT market busier than  Intel. They've been making acquisitions left, right & centre!… 
Toshiba KIRAbook 13i5s 13.3-Inch Touchscreen Ultrabook (1.6 GHz Intel Core i5-4200U Processor, 8GB DIMM, 256GB SSD… 
 Intel  Intel Q4 Earnings, EPS 79c vs 75c. Revenue  16.4B vs  15.8B.
 TrendingShares  Trading  Shares
Intel’s  16.4 bln Q4 revenue beat analysts avg of  15.75 bln (all in PCs). Adjusted EPS of 79 cents beat analysts avg 75 cents  Intel +0.2%
 AmyMek Torture the hell out of them. If they give up intel, great. If not, they get a taste of their own medicine.  IslamIsTheProblem
STEAL!
Asus gaming laptop with new  intel i7 processor &  NVIDIAGeForce 1060 video card for  1,199.99 from  BestBuy… 
Data center and Internet of Things chip revenues drive Intel Q4 revenues to  16.4 billion by  deantak
Intel Slips: Q4 Beats, Q1 View Beats, ’17 View Disappoints - Tech Trader Daily - Barron's  Intel 
If there were Foreign intel backed, armed groups operating within US territory,  how would Americans call them?? Li… 
Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs  digital… 
CNN: Russians have disgusting & damaging intel about Trump. Apparently, the Russian report on Trump  contains “everything we already know.”
Report: Arrested Russian intel officer allegedly spied for U.S. 
Andy Grove of Intel fame was educated at CCNY which back then provided tuition-free education to anyone 👍… 
HP ENVY 34 CURVED Desktop 512GB SSD 2TB HD 32GB RAM (Intel Core i7-6700K pro  electronics
 SkilledSelina "Who might /him/ be?And I might be willing to over look this whole situation of you hand over the tiara and give some intel."
Tech: Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs 
Intel Q4 revenue  16.4 billion ( 15.76 billion expected)
Intel Slips: Q4 Beats, Q1 View Beats, ’17 View Disappoints via  barronsonline
Earnings just in:

Intel -  Beats
E- Trade - In-line
Starbucks - Miss
Google - Miss
PayPal - In-line
 wheeeeedoggie  Q_Spawn_Q  amiraminiMD holy shit!Someone should tell nato intel not to send the "moderate rebels" anymore tow missiles, then
Supply Chain Intern 2017:  Intel, USA (Oregon).  MBoeing  jobs  USA
" VR  Marketing Enters 2017" by  CharlieFink w/  bkrunner of  Intel =>  arinaction  honda  SamsungMobileUS  CES2017
 ccpapas  maggieNYT Russian ties? New Trump Intel will find no Russian involvement, & voter fraud reveals Trump has 4 million more votes..
Reports:  Russia arrests intel officers and others, alleging they spied for U.S. via  dstanglin  usatoday
 WaynesterAtl  pwnallthethings huge success. It was a typical defense-intel community-style contracting boondoggle, first and foremost. 5/
Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs  technews 
Intel earnings 79 cents adjusted earnings per share vs 74 cents expected

Intel 4Q adjusted earnins per share beat at  0.79 versus  0.75 expected on  16.4 Bln in revenue
 eBay  laptop  macbook Apple MacBook 12 Inch Retina Early 2015 - Intel Core M 1.1GHz, 8GB, 256GB…… 
 RIred61  CraigRBrittain well, "chip," the point is, that the intel microprocessor did not engender a zero sum game in the computer biz.
 Lenovo  Laptop  Lot of 5 Lenovo ThinkPad T420 Intel Core i5-2520M 2.5GHz 4GB No HDD *POSTS BIOS… 
 Google businessinsider Intel Q4 revenue  16.4 billion ( 15.76 billion expected)
 Google businessinsider Intel Q4 adjusted EPS  0.79 ( 0.75 expected)
 GalacticLeague ffs, I need a steam released. I have to stick with linux because the windows driver for my integrated intel gpu 1/2
 AntitrustLaw: German Cartel Regulator clears  HERE purchases by  intel,  NavInfo  FCO  BKartA  Tracking
 nick_nlawrie  andrewpconnell  DaveGOwen  michaelwhite All time low in polls, favourable tabloid press, USA intel support...worth the risk
Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs  Dubai  Tech  Digital  Inbound  Adve…
 POWER8 dominates  Intel;  POWER9 will deliver that and more while doing what Intel doesn't - increase core & proce… 
Intel Corp. Q4 rev.  16.4 billion vs. expectations  15.7 billion 
YahooFinance: LIVE: Intel earnings and revenue beat expectations 
Intel : Reports Record Full-Year Revenue of  59.4 Billion; Reports Record Quarterly Revenue of  16.4 Billion  
Intel Q4 sales= 16.4B, well above forecast. But it forecasts flat revenue in 2017. Stock up 1.7% after hours.
EARNINGS: Intel Q4 EPS  0.79 Adj. vs.  0.74 Est.; Q4 Revs.  16.37B vs.  15.75B Est. •  Intel …
 EsportsOnset any intel on Team tickets?
STEAL!
Gaming Desktop with liquid cooling, new Intel i7, 16GB RAM, GTX 1070, 2TB HD for  1369.99… 
Trump “Thinks” Russia Hacked DNC, Goes Off on Intel Agencies, Buzzfeed, CNN » THE DISTRICT SENTINEL news co-op 
. VAULTFestival food intel. Portions *huge*. Restraint advised. And yes, that's *me* saying that.
Check out Apple MacBook Air 13.3" LED - Intel Core i5 - 8GB RAM - 256GB Storage MMGG2LL/A  Apple via  eBay
CNBC: EARNINGS: Intel Q4 EPS  0.79 Adj. vs.  0.74 Est.; Q4 Revs.  16.37B vs.  15.75B Est. •  Intel … 
 TheHappyAspie Hugs, and thanks again. Admittedly my family history doesn't seem to include symptoms, but who knows. The intel is welcome!
Intel reports profits of  3.6B on record  16.4B quarterly revenue. Client group up 4%, Data Center up 8% y-over-y. Outlook is  14.8B.
Intel Corp. Q4 rev.  16.4 billion vs. expectations  15.7 billion MARKETWATCH
Get A Chance To Win 1/7  10K PCs, Vote every day for my sponsor  CyberPowerPC  RigChallegeSweepstakes, Vote here: 
 GetBefriended Now I'm reading some shit about intel hiring lifelock to protect some person's information, jesus
 realDonaldTrump wow lies lies and more lies . way to go, chump! 
MarketCurrents: Intel beats by  0.04, beats on revenue  Intel
.intelnews Intel reports fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 financial results. 
5 Skills You Need To Stay Relevant in 2017: With 2017 here you can expect…  Strategy  business  intel  CRM  tradeflo
STEAL!
Gaming desktop for  1539.99
new Intel i7, 32GB RAM, GTX 1070, 240GB SSD, 3TB HD!

AND Liquid cooling!… 
And all the while Jewish Co-Intel Pro dividing us looking at the mayhem while Jewish Elites collect the aftermath...They side with EVERYBODY
 DanielJCamacho middle/upper class white evangelical US military/intel praetorian guard voted him in w/pseudotheology already excusing it.
Intel reports fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 financial results. 
Livesquawk: Intel (Q4 16): Adj EPS  0.75 (est  0.75), Revenue  16.4bn (est  15.74bn)
Intel Q4 revenue  16.4 billion ( 15.76 billion expected) < >
Gathered any intel for the mission?
Intel beats by  0.04, beats on revenue
2016 Newest Lenovo Premium High Performance 15.6-inch HD Laptop (Intel Core i5 processor, 6GB DDR3L, 1TB HDD, DVD R… 
McAfee_Labs predicts cyberthreats to come in their 2017 Threats Predictions Report: 
businessinsider: Intel Q4 revenue  16.4 billion ( 15.76 billion expected)
businessinsider: Intel Q4 adjusted EPS  0.79 ( 0.75 expected)
Na kinda want to hold off on direct attacks/defacements as of yet: till we collect as much intel as we can but Ill keep you in mind bro...
Here comes the flood (favorite Peter Gabriel song) of earnings! Intel beat on earnings and sales but  Intel down 1% after hours so far.
Intel 4Q eps 79c v 75c expected. Rev   16.4b v 15.8b, GM for Q1 expected at 63%, market at 61.9%. Shares flat here in post market
❤️❤️❤️❤️👏👏👏👏👍👍👍🤝🤝📈📈📈Intel earnings 79 cents adjusted earnings per share vs 74 cents expected 
Here's part 3 of Exploring the Cybercrime Underground: Into the RAT Nest  Unit42
EARNINGS: Intel Q4 EPS  0.79 Adj. vs.  0.74 Est.; Q4 Revs.  16.37B vs.  15.75B Est. •  Intel … 
I vote team  CYBERPOWERPC for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. best of luck everyone
Grab this open box return HP Envy desktop with i7 and 16GB of RAM,  687.99


Give intel
BI Tech: Intel Q4 revenue  16.4 billion ( 15.76 billion expected): Intel Q4 revenue  16.4 billion…… 
CNBCnow: EARNINGS: Intel Q4 EPS  0.79 Adj. vs.  0.74 Est.; Q4 Revs.  16.37B vs.  15.75B Est. •  Intel … 
clusterstock: Intel Q4 revenue  16.4 billion ( 15.76 billion expected)
clusterstock: Intel Q4 adjusted EPS  0.79 ( 0.75 expected)
Breaking (4:03 PM EST): Intel earnings 79 cents adjusted earnings per share vs 74 cents expected - null
Intel Q4 Rev  16.4B, EPS  0.79/Sh Beats; Q1 View Beats - Tech Trader Daily - Barron's  Intel 
Kingdel® Intel i7-6500U CPU Mini Computer, 4K HTPC with 16GB RAM, 256GB SSD+1TB HDD, i7 6th Generation SKYLAKE CPU,  
Intel beats by  0.04, beats on revenue  Intel  sitifatimah  malaysia  financialplanning
Future of Farming and Technology Grow Together -  GoogleAlerts
Intel Q4 revenue  16.4 billion ( 15.76 billion expected)  technology  ilovetechnology
Intel Q4 adjusted EPS  0.79 ( 0.75 expected)  technology  ilovetechnology
Intel Sets New Guinness World Records With a Fleet of 500 Drones - 
Intel beats by  0.04, beats on revenue  Intel
YahooFinance: LIVE: Intel earnings and revenue beat expectations  BSAFunds  MerchantCashAdvance  BlueStreakAdvances
Intel Q4 adjusted EPS  0.79 ( 0.75 expected)
 Business EARNINGS: Intel Q4 EPS  0.79 Adj. vs.  0.74 Est.; Q4 Revs.  16.37B vs.  15.75B Est. •  Intel … 
 Intel Q4  earnings, revenue beat, shares fall afterhours.
More to come ...
 Intel -1.52% at 36.99  stocks  tech 
Posted by: SAI  Web  Tech Intel Q4 revenue  16.4 billion ( 15.76 billion expected)
Posted by: SAI  Web  Tech Intel Q4 adjusted EPS  0.79 ( 0.75 expected)
EARNINGS: Intel Q4 EPS  0.79 Adj. vs.  0.74 Est.; Q4 Revs.  16.37B vs.  15.75B Est. •  Intel 
*Intel Sees FY17 GAAP Sales Unch YoY
businessinsider: Intel Q4 revenue  16.4 billion ( 15.76 billion expected)  BSAFunds  MerchantCashAdvance
businessinsider: Intel Q4 adjusted EPS  0.79 ( 0.75 expected)  BSAFunds  MerchantCashAdvance
 SouqMobile Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs 
Size matters not:  KDE  Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs:…  digital… 
Cloverleaf's  AI tied to in-store sensors could help brick-and-mortar stores keep pace with online retailers.… 
Did You Ever Think Sharing Big Moments Could be so Easy? An Intel SSD Helps You Connect to Your Loved Ones Faster.… 
Useful collection of links and background here re torture and intel-sharing: 
Posted by: SAI  Tech Intel Q4 revenue  16.4 billion ( 15.76 billion expected)
Posted by: SAI  Tech Intel Q4 adjusted EPS  0.79 ( 0.75 expected)
Intel says the key to unleashing the full potential of the  IoT is 5G 
 RyInCBus I doubt Joe has any high level intel on what the Browns intend to do in the draft, but you never know I guess.
LIVE: Intel earnings and revenue beat expectations 
Join your  sales peers! Get the latest sales articles straight to your inbox. 
They sure CONFIRMED Russia meddled though, funny how Trump supp can't, N side w/Russia over our Intel. Link proof o… 
Intel on teaming up with New Balance and the key to smartwatch survival 

"We don't think it's gone, it's not dead…
 BREAKING: Intel Corp.  Intel Q4 Revenue,  16.37B vs.  15.75B expected
 BREAKING: Intel Corp.  Intel Q4 Non-GAAP Earnings Per Share (EPS) beats estimates,  0.79 vs.  0.75 expected
Intel Q4 adjusted EPS  0.79 ( 0.75 expected) < >
Don't miss the 1/31 BBoeing Employer Panel with Dimensional Fund Advisors, Intel, Sendero, USAA, and UTIMCO! 
Smart shelves and beacons are 2 of many ways the  IoT is evolving retail tech. 
Do you think you survived the latest banking hack? Read this to be sure:  Faketoken 
A look at how cloud service companies are striving to become more efficient, and how the tech sector is responding… 
What are your greatest cyber security risks and are they exploitable? Join this webinar around Threat Intelligence.… 
God bless America, the UK, Western Civilization & Christianity!🇺🇸🇬🇧We will lead together with military power/Intel… 
Today: Chicago, IL - Jan 26 at 3 Dots and a Dash 
I vote team CC_Deals for  RigChallengeSweepstakes. 
What Opportunities Does AI Bring for Intel’s Data Center Group? 
Communities that understand quick turn around of intel and the power of  communication are fairing best in the… 
Discover how you can accelerate & simplify your  Oracle environments with Rack-Scale Flash +  Intel Xeon processors… 
  MY FOLLOWERS DON'T BE SELFISH ! RETWEET THE INFO & INTEL I PRESENT ! ISPEND MANY HOURS RESEARCHING &  LIKES ARE BS ! OK ! BE BOLD !
Russia, Turkey exchange intel data, jointly bomb Daesh in Syria's Al-Bab 
Do you think you survived the latest banking hack? Read this to be sure:   Faketoken via  IntelSecurity
 ananavarro  markhughes
Trump accuses intel agencies of spreading false and fake reports.
Trump says same agencies tell him torture works.
 P&GLocal4 Trump knows more than the Generals, the Intel people, and now he knows more than the scientists. Soon he'll know more than God. 😟
 Intel EV/EBITDA is at 8.5, low multiple from historical perspective. Stock is cheap  investing  intel  Finance 
Intel Go Shows How Serious Intel Is about Autonomous Cars 
Lenovo Yoga 500 14" Laptop Touchscreen Intel Core i3-4005U / 1.7GHz Processor, 4GB RAM, 1TB HDD, 1366 x 768 ... -... 
Lenovo Yoga 500 14" Laptop Touchscreen Intel Core i3-4005U / 1.7GHz Processor, 4GB RAM, 1TB HDD, 1366 x 768 ... -… 
 intel_think  RealJack only interested in the poor, and that's why they want the poor to remain poor, otherwise they got fuck all to do.
Intel earnings: Holiday PC sales could save the quarter 
Was a vital U.S. intel asset deep in Putin's security structure compromised by Trump admin.? The fact that we can't… 
. atomicnews It is the function of the diplomatic corps & intel community to verify compliance with nonpro, not to censor science & engr'ing
Dell Inspiron 24 i5459-4024SLV Signature Edition 23.8" FHD Touchscreen All-i  electronics
 Intel Hires Cisco Veteran As Part Of Top Channel Executive Shakeup. Read more:  Intel
Mercyhurst earns accolades for online intel program 
SHAME ON top level Intel! Their job 2 protect America, not B part of the sold out suck up military that chose their… 
Reports: Arrested Russian intel officer allegedly spied for U.S. 
 USA Reports: Arrested Russian intel officer allegedly spied for U.S.: Senior FSB officer and…… 
 FoxNews  theresa_may do you think pm may inquired that senator obama and certain cia had early intel for snowden a… 
Size matters not:  KDE  Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs 
♻:Post: Research: Wired Ethernet: Intel® Ethernet X520 to XL710 -… |Intel Communities 
5 Ways to Market Smarter in 2017: Every year, marketers are tasked with…  Marketing  business  intel  CRM  tradeflo
Does Your Organization Think Strategically?: It’s coming up to the new…  Strategy  business  intel  CRM  tradeflo
Why Less Can Be More When It Comes To Engagement: I use the words…  Salesforce_com… 
10 Ways to Improve Your Chances of Getting a Small Business Loan:…  Salesforce_com… 
Intel Z270 Chipset & 7th Gen Kaby Lake CPUs Explained | Z270 vs Z170 Chipset | Best Gaming Chipset: via
Intel vs Qualcomm Modem capability divergence should imply that Apple needs to be a better partner to Q ...  akthub
 Options Expiration & Expected Price Move | Probability %:
 Intel Intel Corporation
Exp. 2017.02.17 est. +/- 2.02 | 26.96%
Podcast/ He's Just Not That Into You:  Trump , Intel, and the American Presidency vía  warontherocks
Reports: Arrested Russian intel officer allegedly spied for U.S.  UTBreakingNews
 MarkWarner Now you MUST release the Intel on the Russian hacking of our election and Trump's involvement for the sake of DEMOCRACY. U MUST
 Google and  intel were started by refugees. Immigrants make important contributions to America.
Might  NotreDame WR target Mac Hippenhammer visit again this weekend?  PeteSampson_ has some intel on that ( ): 
"Dell Venue 8 7000 8.4-Inch Tablet (Intel Atom Z3580 -  2 GB RAM -  16 GB Storage -  WLAN -  Android 4.4)" - http:  Singapore  sgbroadcast
 DHSgov I forcefully suggest that the Department gather Intel and take down George Soros and his minions. He is an incestuous cancer.
 AMD IF  Intel announces licensing deal with AMD  GAP UP !
 SDDreamer56  USATODAY watch 3rd seal represents famine war. on cnn gallon of milk is scarce and no food for people… 
Investigate a deliberate lie but self-servingly quash investigating Russian espionage/intervention as per CIA/intel agencies.  DISTRACTIONS
 SenSchumer You MUST release the Intel of Russian hacking of election and Trump's involvement for the sake of DEMOCRACY. You MUST now.
 Phresch_Intel The Men's Air Jordan 12 Retro CNY drops 1.28 at 10am ET in SNKRS. Please stay tuned for additional details.
USA Today World: Reports: Arrested Russian intel officer allegedly spied for U.S. USA TODAY 
Apple ME866B/A 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display (Intel Dual Core i5 2.6GHz, 8GB RAM, 512GB Flash ... -... 
Apple ME866B/A 13-inch MacBook Pro with Retina Display (Intel Dual Core i5 2.6GHz, 8GB RAM, 512GB Flash ... -… 
Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs -  
17 intel agencies investigating Trump ties to Russia & Putin. What's taking so long? They need to come out and confirm what we already know.
 NancyPelosi You MUST release the Intel on Russian hacking and Trump's involvement for the sake of democracy. YOU MUST NOW.
 EJFootball Ah, ok.  They won't hit the field in Indy till March so really just pushed back one week.  Thanks for the intel sir.
Lenovo Flex 4 14" Full HD Touchscreen Laptop Intel i5 8GB RAM 256GB SSD 1080P 
Was your military/Intel career prior to being on a game show nobody remembers, or afterwards? 
Brand new to Compra: ASUS CHROMEBOX M0... Click here to view! 
Not just Senate, but House Intel Ctte (HPSCI) also to investigate "CI concerns" regarding Russian meddling in 2016
Stream Like a Pro 
Intel could see a boost from holiday PC sales, which it can use as it waits for new Purley server platform.
 Intel
Acting on intel from precogs > Registering/Conscripting superpowered people. By miles and miles.
Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen  Intel CPUs. Read more:  Intel
 MorningEdition  RepAdamSchiff You must release the intel on Russian hacking and Trump's involvement for the sake of democracy. YOU MUST NOW
 RaftSurvivaGame The board is good wheel well, it is from the intel windows is 7, I can not play because of the screen
New post: "Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs" via digitaltrends
Intel after the bell. It has beat 11 qtrs in a row.  Intel 
Outstanding article highlighting  UAV's in  agriculture and  precisionag 
Is NSA Intel Gathering solving FBI's own Terror plots while proxy war exists in Syria? 
3 Steps to Building Your Own Successful and Engaged Business Network:…  entrepreneurship… 
Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs  Tech 
Irish flip three-star Cal commit. 
Welcome to Hell Day for tech earnings season.
On the docket:
Alphabet  GOOG  Google
Microsoft  MSFT
Intel  Intel
PayPal  PYPL
Previews below.
 dpalm66 ...intel and doing a threat assessment, with plans to release them after the threat passes.
6 simple ways to improve your  cybersecurity in 2017 via  threatintel  
Bangladesh Terror Groups Plotting Attacks in India: Intel Report

 TBT Ever hear of a Land Dreadnought? It’s what the media called a military vehicle in 1916 can you guess which one? 
Nexdock turns Intel’s Compute Card into a 2-in-1 laptop 
Intel’s wireless, room-scanning  VR is a taste of a future, but still out of reach 
DoD recently showed off its swarm of low-cost micro  drones for collecting intel at low altitudes via  engadget 
 detailtofollow  Eigenphile and lots of other useful things like survival, recon, intel, boobytraps.
When you skip the intel briefing... 
 SDDreamer56  USATODAY modern intel matches this also. either way you go its identical.
Samsung - Notebook 9 pro 15.6" 4K Ultra HD Touch-Screen Laptop - Intel Core i... 
 Review Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Intel Core i7 256 GB, 8 GB RAM. Best performance.  BuyCheap 
 Kor3aYn just got the intel
 talius 10% Off Select Lifeproof Fre Waterproof iPhone 7 Cases
~Save up to  150 on Select Desktops, Intel 
etc...… 
 Putin orders the resumption of  tungsten production 
Intel and DCU to collaborate on research into connected health, water-quality management and Stem education 
 cia intel important but suggest seeing drivers  global unrest beyond perpetual war  wrightr  PeteDominick… 
New desk signs are in and they're awesome! Stop in and pick up yours!  trustmeimadr  intel… 
 POTUS You've been in office less than a week, and Russia begins arresting our intel assets. You are a TRAITOR and… 
 Snakey_Bakey what type of motherboard? AMD Intel? which one?
 USATODAY if its revelation in bible. it started in 91 or 92,possibly 94 or 95. old prophecy matches timeline and m… 
UK PM  TheresaMay_MP suggested British intelligence sharing cld be withdrawn w/ US... thanks, but who needs intel when u got  MAGA
 albradley71  runningforpizza predicated in Nostradamus like fashion in 2001 what the epidemic would consist of. FedGov Intel was aware
Personalized Medicine Will Revolutionize Healthcare, If We Don’t Get In Its Way January 26, 2017 at 01:38PM
 kturner1979wa  Telegraph Keep telling that to your 149 followers.  A fine and reputable source of intel. Obviously. As you were.
Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs  downloader  androidapps
Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs  technology
 albradley71  runningforpizza Was a member of US Navy Intel, to be specific. Russian Mafia finally gained a foothold again on East Coast...
The MB-101 Robot enables students to learn coding in a fun environment using Intel & Scratch.  Bett2017  IamIntel… 
For comparison, the Intel Core i7 4790 on my computer does about 100GFLOPS, while my GTX 1050 does about 1800GFLOPS.
Notebook Samsung Essentials E21 Intel Dual Core - 4GB 500GB LED 14" Windows 10  PreçoBaixoAgora  MagazineJC79… 
Unhappy with  CIA pushback on wild  Trump claims, he vowed to replace them with his own sources of intel. They're n… 
What 🎶 do you think  TomBrady listens to before the game? Let me &  intel know by creating your own image… 
In the Wake of Pearl Harbor, a Secret Intel Report Could've Stopped the Internment Camps - Zócalo Public Square 
 Haddy54Harriet Only 17 intel agencies, 3 private security firms, and several allied intel agencies.  If you consider that nothing.
Healthcare has been a recent target for cybercriminals, and it seems to be paying well. Details from  ChristiaanBeek 
ASUS C302CA-DHM4 12.5-Inch Touchscreen Chromebook Flip Intel Core m3 with... -  Tech  Deals 
Check out the 2nd Annual Latin TechFest by  Hispanicpros at Intel Jan 28th, this Sat! 
 XiComputer Notebooks the award winning Xi® PowerGo™ line sporting the latest edition Intel Core 7th Gen processors. 
"TRY TO LOOK SUPER COOL, GUYS!!" 😎😂 The MegaBots crew finds an  intel 360 photo booth. 
Senior state dept officials all resign.  POTUS doesn't go to Intel briefings. How vulnerable do we look to terrorists right now?
 JayinWashington  US_Intel Agreed. Can't wait to leave CA. Bad mojo out here.
Vote for us DAILY for a chance to win 1 of 7  10K PCs from the  RigChallengeSweepstakes

 SneakPeek  GamingPC… 
Acer Chromebook, 11.6-Inch, CB3-111-C670 (Intel Celeron, 2GB, 16GB SSD, White) **Discontinued by.. 
The Pearl of Africa gets a Pearl of Africa Hotel 
Procesadores Intel Skylake-X y Kaby Lake-X, en agosto de 2017 
Trump Visits CIA Saturday After Feud With Intel Agencies 
 Ayourb once smart brains like  AdeBanqie were able to analyze & throw Intel ques,  Audu was quick to help his lies… 
Size matters not: KDE Slimbooks measure 0.70 inches with sixth-gen Intel CPUs - 
 LouiseMensch Did Bannon, Flynn, Mercer or one of the other Russian assets give the Kremlin intel that was in a Daily Briefing?
Clouds and silver linings for  Microsoft,  Google and  Intel - via  FT
How Will  Intel Traders React To  Earnings?  Intel 
The worst thing about Twitter polls is that you don't know who's voting. Makes it impossible to distinguish between good intel & evil intent
Meanwhile Trump ranting about this and that, who is getting Intel briefings?
I just stockpile ammo and wait.

A Country Boy Will Survive. 
Processing data with  AI for more customer insights is a necessity for retailers to stay competitive this year.… 
 tactical_intel  RichFeloni Has anyone checked to see if either of these passwords work on Grindr?
Our CTO  giaconiamark will be participating in  BorderSecurity and Intel Summit 1/31-2/1. Learn more & join us there 
Welcome to the Air Guard! Josh enlisted as a Geospatial Intel Analyst with our unit! Congrats on picking a... 
 MaggieJordanACN worse.  With 1 of our assets in the Russian FSB now arrested & charged w/treason yesterday, expect all intel sharing 2 stop
 SayWhatNow_0 There is a considerable difference between leaking intel to the US & influencing the election to get a useful puppet installed
Trump re speech at CIA HQ, "There was 'love' in the room!" Right...all (40) "plants" in the room! 
That look when she saw the walking vaginas at the  WomensMarch 
Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:Intel) Analyst Estimates And Rating  Intel 
Azulle PC Stick - FTC vs. IoT - Intel Compute Card - GoPro Bad Karma - Segway Robot - HDMI 2.1 -  PC Stick -...
I really wanna get to know you, youre such an intel... — Thank you💕 You definitely should, I'm really friend... 
 TomKingTK Sounds like Intel code for "those deluxe HC editions are definitely coming."
JW Notifies Nat. Intel Director  Clapper, Sec of St Kerry of Intent 2 Sue 2 Force Official  Damage Assess.......


