GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact - - - LG G6 will have Google Assistant built-in, rumor says Post your comment Comments (31) Vlad, 20 January 2017 Google Android LG Rumors Samsung's Galaxy S8 has long been rumored to feature a revamped virtual assistant called Bixby, and LG's G6 can't afford not to play the AI game. A new rumor out of both companies' home country of South Korea now claims that LG has done something that's pretty surprising in the Android world. Instead of building its own sub-par virtual assistant, LG has apparently turned to Google for help. As such, the G6 will come with the Google Assistant built-in. Previously, the Google Assistant was exclusive to Google's own Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones (at least in the form that's integrated into the Android system, since it also lives in the Allo chat app and the Google Home device). The Google Assistant is also an integral part of the upcoming Android Wear 2.0 release, which will be running on the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style, the first wearables to have the new OS version on board. These were co-developed with Google in a program not dissimilar to what the Nexus line used to be for smartphones. The two smartwatches will be unveiled on February 9, it's been rumored. The LG G6 will be made official on February 26 at MWC in Barcelona. It's reportedly going to become available in early March, beating the Galaxy S8 to the market by about a month. Source Related articles New LG G6 leaked renders show it inside a case LG patents foldable phone-tablet hybrid LG says the G6 is being tested extensively to ensure safe operation New LG Smartwatch passes through FCC Reader comments bonybezelia Y7uf 24 Jan 2017 Lol that's suicidal even for LG. Reply jan V20 ftvq 23 Jan 2017 NO sd835,,G6 will use sd821 Reply Heretic LxN9 23 Jan 2017 I'm pretty sure LG Headquearters just read ur opinion and cancel the G6. Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 31 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (MediaTek) 203,489 2. Nokia 6 182,366 3. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 109,019 4. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 80,433 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 72,214 6. Oppo F1s 60,966 7. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 60,324 8. vivo V5 55,958 9. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 54,842 10. Samsung Galaxy J5 (2016) 51,229 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,890 2. OnePlus 3 1,595 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,561 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,513 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,398 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,371 7. HTC 10 1,347 8. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,149 9. LG G5 1,133 10. Sony Xperia Z5 891 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | LG G6 now rumored to come with Google Assistant preinstalled LG G6 now rumored to come with Google Assistant preinstalled The Google Assistant is exclusive to just Pixel phones. By: Chakri Kudikala Published: Saturday, January 21, 2017, 10:30 [IST] There are plenty of rumors coming out every day regarding the upcoming flagship LG G6 and today's leak say that the phone will come with Google Assistant built-in. Rumors say that LG has approached the search giant, Google to request them to include the Pixel-exclusive Google Assistant on their upcoming flagship phone. But, there are no details on whether Google has agreed to this or not. Also Read: Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air 2 could be lighter than a Kg; new details revealed Because LG previously worked with Google to manufacture Nexus phones, the response from Google might be a positive one. Incidentally, LG is the one releasing two new Smartwatches with Android Wear 2.0 on February 9. However, if Google denies LG to include the Google Assistant on their phones, the South Korean giant has another plan as well. It was rumored that LG would approach Amazon, another leader in AI technology to integrate their tech in the LG G6. But, there's no final response for now from Google. If Google ever accepts this LG's proposal, then the LG G6 will be the world's first non-Pixel phone to get Google Assistant. SOURCE LG G6 Specifications Photos Videos News Read More About lg | LG G6 | smartphones | mobiles | news | rumors Other articles published on Jan 21, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Qualcomm announces Q1 fiscal 2017 results, estimates a drop in Q2 Nokia 6 stocks empty in less than a minute during the second flash sale Facebook Trending Topics revamped to curb fake news Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Moto G5 and G5 Plus alleged prices leaked Nokia 6: It's not just the brand name that makes it promising Redmi Note 4: 10 accessories to make it look and function better This iPhone 8 concept is bizarrely interesting LG discloses fourth-quarter and 2016 financial results Recent Facebook updates which made the platform safer and better Portronics launches “SEESAW” a HD WIFI Surveillance Camera What if Samsung launches the Galaxy S8 with these rumored specs? Gmail users can send Javascript files only till February 13 Xiaomi Mi 6 and Mi 6 Pro tipped to launch later this year Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Lenovo P2XOLO Era 2XVideocon Virat V3BCiBall 2.4H Supremo B3Coolpad Cool1 DualLYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SVideocon Bazoomba6 V2SBAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish LG G6 Rumored To Come With Google Assistant Installed By Tyler Lee on 01/20/2017 21:05 PST Right now, save for Google Home, Google Assistant is an exclusive to the company’s Pixel handsets. We’re not sure how long the exclusivity will run for, but it seems that it could be ending with the launch of the LG G6. According to the latest rumors, it seems that Google Assistant could be one of the LG G6’s features. This is an interesting choice considering that both LG and Samsung have shadowed each other’s footsteps when it comes to smartphones (Samsung Galaxy Round VS the LG G Flex; Galaxy Note with S Pen VS LG G4 Stylus, just to name a few), and with Samsung rumored to launch its own voice assistant AI Bixby, we’re sure some would have thought LG would have followed suit. However we guess going with Google Assisant might not be such a bad idea, especially since it is probably better integrated into Android compared to other voice assistants. Of course this is just a rumor for now so take it with a grain of salt. So far what we know about the LG G6 includes its 5.7-inch QHD+ 18:9 display, and also how LG is killing off the modular features of the LG G5 and that for the LG G6, the handset will be a more “normal” looking device. LG has also recently confirmed their presence at MWC 2017 where they are expected to host a press conference on the 26th of February, 2017, so check back with us then for the details and to see if Google Assistant will indeed be a feature of the handset. Filed in Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about Android, google assistant, LG and LG G6. Related Articles 2017-01-23 LG G6 Might Not Come With The Snapdragon 835 2017-01-23 Alleged Photos Of LG’s Android Wear 2.0 Smartwatches Leaked 2017-01-23 LG G6 Photo Leaked Ahead Of MWC 2017 2017-01-23 LG G5 Rumored To Be Discontinued 2017-01-19 LG G6 Renders Possibly Revealed By Casemaker 2017-01-18 LG Sends Out Invites For Their MWC 2017 Conference 2017-01-10 LG G6 Could Come With A Google Or Amazon-Powered Voice Assistant Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Mix and match analytics: data, metadata, and machine learning for the win Creating winning analytics solutions means combining and making the most of different approaches and techniques. Taking a look at how Google does this for YouTube can provide inspiration and set a framework for analytics solutions. ByGeorge Anadiotis for Big on Data | January 20, 2017 -- 16:28 GMT (08:28 PST) | Topic: Big Data Analytics YouTube recommendations are a prominent example of applying advanced analytics on a massive scale to improve a service, the experience users get out of it, and the bottom line of the vendor behind it -- Google. Previously, we explored the rationale behind it and pondered as to how this type of analytics could be classified. It's time to pick up where we left off and explore how it works under the hood. Inspiration came from a hit moment for YouTube recommendations: one of those times when it succeeded in picking up the track that the person curating an ad-hoc, spur-of-the-moment playlist was about to play next. The wow effect induced by this successful prediction/recommendation of a rarity, triggered a spur-of-the-moment discussion which may serve to illuminate different aspects of analytics. So, how could YouTube know what you want to play next before you play it? Data: has(h) functions, will preserve similarity special feature IoT: The Security Challenge The Internet of Things is creating serious new security risks. We examine the possibilities and the dangers. Read More One take at this would be to find a way to rank the degree to which videos are similar to each other based on their content. Strange as it may sound, this scenario is plausible. A typical application is ranking documents as to their similarity based on hashes of their content. This approach is based on a technique called Locality Preserving Hashing (LPH). LPH's premise sounds simple: it relies on using a hash function to map content to an identifier, in such a way that similar content will result in similar identifiers. A hash is a function applied to any data input that generates an output based on the input it receives. The most obvious example and common application of hash functions is using them to organize textual input in buckets. LPH is about finding and using hash functions that preserve locality, meaning that they map similar input to similar output. A simple example would be to apply LPH to documents. When dealing with documents, applying a hash function is more intuitive as the input is a string representing the entire content of the document and the output is another string representing a mapping of the input as per the hash function. A naive hash function H(input) -> output could use a numeric value corresponding to each character in the input to generate an output. If we define a hash function H that works by mapping each character in its input to its order in the alphabet and concatenating output, then H("ab") -> 12. Of course, reality is more complicated than that. Our naive H function cannot be used to rank documents as to their similarity, because it lacks the locality preserving property: it does not map similar input to similar output, at least not in the way we would intuitively define similarity. For example H("hello world") -> 851212150231518124, H("world hello") -> 231518124085121215, H("hello buddy") -> 8512121502214425. If we use the difference between the numeric value of generated hash outputs as a (equally naive) metric for similarity, we'll end up concluding that "hello world" is closer to "hello buddy" than it is to "world hello". This goes to show that definition of similarity, as expressed in this case by hashing, is both hard and context-dependent. For textual data, there are other techniques that can be used to determine similarity, as well as more advanced flavors of hashing. For multimedia content like video, things are even more complicated as hashing becomes less obvious and the locality preserving property is even harder to achieve. Case in point though, hashing multimedia content works fine for Shazam, the well-known music service that can identify tracks by giving it audio clips as input. Shazam works by generating hashes ("fingerprints") of the audio clips it receives and comparing them against a database of fingerprints generated from the list of tracks it works with. Granted, identity and similarity are not the same thing, which is why applying LPH to multimedia content is hard, but apparently possible. Whether this technique is actually used by Google in YouTube is not known at this point, but the fact that a body of published research on the topic from the likes of IBM does exist makes this a conceivable notion. The takeaway from this superficial analysis however is that regardless of what the data at hand or the techniques used, leveraging inherent features of the data that an analytics solution works with is a valid method for building such a solution. Metadata: is it enough, is it descriptive, is it descriptive enough? Metadata is additional data describing the data that an analytics solution works with. In the case of YouTube videos, we have metadata such as video title, description, tags and annotations, category, date and place the video was captured, and uploader identity. Some of that metadata like uploader and upload date are generated automatically, but most are supplied by uploaders themselves. That metadata also has differences in its nature and use. Depending on the point of view, metadata can be classified according to different taxonomies, but for our purposes we'll go with Getty's classification. According to Getty, metadata can be classified as Administrative, Descriptive, Preservation, Technical, and Use metadata. Getty's classification is the most complete one, as it stems from the cultural heritage world, one of professional content administrators. YouTube on the other hand exemplifies a common property of many of today's data-intensive applications: the nature of its data flows makes manual management of its metadata impractical and/or non sustainable. YouTube deals with this challenge by crowdsourcing parts of its metadata management and automating others. While presumably all available YouTube metadata are used for analytics, a big part of its administrative and descriptive metadata generation is crowdsourced, while other types of medatata are mostly handled by means of automated extraction. As Google engineers point out, not all features are created equal, so some metadata is of more importance, and descriptive metadata is among those. But what if each and every YouTube video was annotated with perfect metadata -- would that ramp up the effectiveness of recommendations? Are not even a few ratings more valuable than metadata? YouTube video metadata is incomplete and poorly structured, which makes this a hypothetical question. Still, we can once more turn to Google to answer it. Google relies on KnowledgeGraph to power its famous search engine. KnowledgeGraph features carefully curated descriptive metadata about a wide array of topics to power semantic search, resulting in the most powerful massively deployed search engine in the world. KnowledgeGraph is what YouTube metadata is missing: an ontology. Ontologies express semantics in a precise way, and are on the far end of a scale of semantics constructs that also includes lexicons, taxonomies, and schemas. Ontologies can be used to state relationships such as inheritance, synonym-antonym, and every other conceivable relationship its curators wish to define. That means that a big part of what happens with any information retrieval request depends on ontological definitions. For example, whether track A, classified in genre X, is similar to track B, classified in genre Y, depends to an extent on whether genres X and Y have been marked as having some sort of relationship between them. So if semantics are so great, why doesn't Google use them for YouTube? Curating an ontology, or even something simpler like a vocabulary or a schema, is no easy feat. Google already does this however, so it could just reuse KnowledgeGraph for YouTube. But even with a ready-made ontology at hand, using it to annotate data is also hard. In the case of semantic search, the gigantic corpus of web documents is automatically annotated by means of Google's indexing engine. The engine uses an array of techniques to extract the most relevant keywords out of documents and uses them to annotate each document. Using manual annotation to deal with the volume of data being added to the web daily would be sheer folly, and same goes for YouTube content. Some metadata, however, is better than no metadata, which is why Google crowdsources the annotation of YouTube videos using a very simple schema plus some free text user-generated descriptions. Annotating data is not trivial and requires familiarity with the vocabulary used, which may partially explain why an ontology for annotating YouTube content is not available to its users. Soon algorithmic solutions may be see the world like humans do and thus used to generate descriptive metadata for YouTube content in a way similar to how this works for text documents, and it will be interesting to see the effect on YouTube analytics. Machine Learning: connecting the dots Machine Learning is all about identifying patterns in data -- but is it really entirely data and metadata agnostic? So if using inherent data properties is hard and using metadata does not scale, is using machine learning (ML) easy? ML is at the core of Google's approach to YouTube analytics. In fact, not just any ML, but deep learning (DL), a branch of ML that is seeing both great advances and hype. Although ML is being increasingly adopted and discussed, DL may deserve analysis on its own. Still, for all intents and purposes, DL is ML. Google is one of the leaders in DL, having recently open-sourced TensorFlow, a DL library and API based on the GoogleBrain project. And the fact that Google manages to apply DL in YouTube analytics to deal with the related challenges of scale, freshness, and noise is quite an achievement. But even the most advanced of ML applications does not come without its own set of challenges. YouTube analytics is framed by Google engineers as a collaborative filtering problem. In collaborative filtering, recommendations for content are delivered to users based on their similarity to other users. "The underlying assumption of the collaborative filtering approach is that if a person A has the same opinion as a person B on an issue, A is more likely to have B's opinion on a different issue x than to have the opinion on x of a person chosen randomly." For example, it should not matter whether fish and bicycle have some relationship as concepts in the real world and whether that relationship is captured by an ontology or a LPH hash function. As long as there are users that for some reason tend to watch videos with fish and videos with bicycles, and those users are deemed similar to you, watching a fish video is likely to bring a bicycle video as a suggestion to be played next. ML is about finding patterns in data. In theory, what that data and the associated metadata is bears no significance to identifying patterns. Which is why ML matches well with the collaborative filtering problem. And that's part of the beauty of ML too: not having to model all possible relations in the real world. After all, who can possibly know it all and who can possibly predict that some day for some reason people will start associating fish with bicycles? In practice however, knowing the data and metadata for a domain ML is to be applied in matters a great deal. Remember Oren Etzioni's statement -- "ML is 99 percent human work." And as per Google's engineers, "despite the promise of DL to alleviate the burden of engineering features by hand, the nature of our raw data does not easily lend itself to be input directly into feed-forward neural networks. We still expend considerable engineering resources transforming user and video data into useful features." Google's engineers also expand considerable intelligence in choosing what algorithms they should use and what features (metadata!) to incorporate, training their model, and applying all sorts of reported and non-reported heuristics in their DL-powered engine. Which brings us to the key point. In the mix: the human in the data loop Creating a winning analytics solutions means mixing and matching every available approach applicable to the domain. Image: Paco Nathan Analytics used to be simple. When talking about analytics, the implicit assumption was that we would be referring to descriptive analytics, or what is now called rear-view mirror analytics: what has already happened, which seems to be relatively easy to keep track of and present. Business intelligence, OLAP, reports, bar charts, and dashboards. Who really owns your Internet of Things data? In a world where more and more objects are coming online and vendors are getting involved in the supply chain, how can you keep track of what's yours and what's not? Read More Analytics has now expanded to include scenarios that go way beyond previous definitions and capabilities. The explosion in the volume of data, in the techniques and means to store and process them, and the realization of the benefits this can accrue has led to analytics applications that border on artificial intelligence -- a topic in and by itself. We have used a well-known, advanced example of analytics to outline a framework for examining analytics solutions: mix and match analytics. We chose YouTube as an example of a service everyone is familiar with, featuring rich and extensive data and metadata, and powered by a vendor with advanced technology and resources and far-reaching ambition. Google has published enough about its approach to allow for certainty and speculation in healthy doses. Google is not dogmatic in its approach, and neither are other experts in the field. Xavier Amatriain is VP of engineering at Quora and was previously heavily involved in Netflix Prize, a challenge very similar in nature. Back in 2009, before ML started enjoying the kind of widespread popularity it does today, Amatriain pointed towards the fact that mixing the use of data and metadata with patterns observed in their use can lead to better results. In the end, you could say it becomes a sort of philosophical question, with two schools of thought: curation versus emergence, rationalism versus empiricism. Cognitive science does not offer definitive answers there, AI does not either, and neither could we. But if there is one takeaway point from this brief journey into advanced analytics, it would be that mixing and matching may lead to better results than dogmatic approaches. So no matter what advanced tools and techniques we may have in our arsenal, the human in the loop will continue to play a key role in the foreseeable future. This simple mix-and-match framework may offer a lens to examine other analytics solutions as well, and we will be using it for this purpose. How to implement AI and machine learning: Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Artificial Intelligence How will we cope with the AI Chatbot takeover? Big Data Analytics Research shows sixty-one percent will not engage with Influencer posts that do not feel genuine Artificial Intelligence Oracle preps AI apps, next steps for data cloud Big Data Analytics Synthesio and Octoly measure the value of influencer marketing with partnership × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search Google Home tips and tricks: Master your domestic AI Elyse Betters21 January 2017Speakers Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google Home isn't just a speaker with built-in Google Search. With it, you can control your smart home devices, cue up a movie on your TV, replace your desktop speakers, and more. To get the most out of your Goole Home, you really need to do a deep-dive into the Home app or just play around the device for a while. Luckily for you, we've done both, and we've rounded up a selection of the top tips and tricks to help you master the voice-activated speaker in no time. Google Home review: Better than Amazon Echo? Google Home Assistant tips and tricks Pocket-lint Google Assistant is Google's iteration of a personal assistant. It's considered an upgrade or an extension of Google Now, as well as an expansion of Google's existing "OK Google" voice controls. It's conversational, too. You can ask a question and follow-up questions, and Assistant will track the conversation, determine context, and audibly respond with the right information. Google Assistant is a stand-out feature in the Google Home speaker. You can use it to control Google Home, Pixel devices, as well as third-party services and devices. To help you figure out everything Assistant can do, we've rounded up some tips and tricks, which you can find here. However, if you want to learn tips and tricks unique, exclusive or specific to Google Home, read on. What is Google Assistant, how does it work, and when can you use it? Google Home tips and tricks Pocket-lint Remember to use a wake word Google Assistant responds to two 'wake words': "Ok Google" and "Hey Google". Unfortunately, you can't change it from these two phrases. Also, you need to say one every single time you wish to engage with Google Home (say the phrase, followed by a question or command). Adjust settings and preferences In the Google Home app, slide out the menu drawer from the left side of the screen, and tap on More Settings. If you want, you can tap your name after selecting More Settings and add your home address for specific weather and traffic reports. Also, from the Personal info menu in settings, you can set a nickname that Assistant will use for you. Under Preferences, you can choose a preferred temperature unit. In the News and My Day sections, you pick various news sources, while with My Day you can select which details are included when you prompt Google Home to tell you about your day. Examples include weather, commute time, reminders, etc. Another way you can get to settings: Open the hamburger menu (the three lines in the upper corner) and look for the Devices option. You'll see your Google Home listed. From there, open its menu by tapping the three dots in the upper left corner and choose Settings. Everything you need to adjust or change about you're Google Home is there. Give Google Home a new name Under settings, go to Name, and from there, you can rename your Google Home whenever and how often you like. Connect third-party services Google Home relies on third-party services to provide you with a richer experience. Think of these services as apps that you can access on the speaker. At launch, Google Home’s services were limited to Uber. Now, the full list of services ranges from WebMD to an animal quiz. To find a full list of supported services, open More Settings > Services. From there, tap on the service you want to connect to your Google Home. Keep in mind Google Home doesn't hold a candle to Amazon Alexa in terms of connected apps - not yet anyway. But it does play well with Pandora, TuneIn, Google Music, Spotify, YouTube, and even Netflix and Uber. You can also use it to control smart home products from Nest, Philips Hue lights, and Smart Things. It also supports Cast, so you can use it in conjunction with Chromecast to send content to your TV. Use the Google ecosystem To get the most out of Google Home, use Google’s other products. It's designed to work with products many people frequently use, such as Google Calendar and Google Keep. When combined with Google Home, you can make Assistant a true personal assistant. It can check your schedule, set reminders, add items to your shopping lists, and more -- and all with a simple voice command. Reset Google Home To conduct a factory reset and restore your Google to a good-as-new state, hold the microphone button for about 15 seconds. From there, you can link it to a different Google account using the Google Home app. Remember, it doesn't allow you to set up multiple user profiles. Reboot Google Home What do you do when some gadget stops working? You restart it, or "reboot" it. So, of course Google included this in the Home app. Just open the Home app and then select Devices > Menu > Reboot. That's it. Touch your way through things Aside from your voice, you can control Google Home with your touch. Tap the top of the speaker once to awaken your Google Home or to pause and play a broadcast. You can also slide your finger along the centered circle at the top to change volume. Mute the mic If you want to stop Google Home from "always-listening", look for the button on the back of the speaker. It's the only button, and it has a microphone on it. Press it and Home will turn off the microphone (four amber lights will light up on top). Press it again, and it'll tell you the microphone is on. When it's on, Google Home is in the always-listening mode and will listen for and respond to your commands. You can Google that Google Home is basically Google.com. Want to find a grocery store in Sacramento? Need to convert ounces to cups? Curious how old Donald Trump is? Ever wonder what the capital of Florida is? Google Home can be your assistant and set an appointments, but it also doubles as a search engine. Remember, you can also ask follow-up questions. Google Assistant will always remember the topic or subject in your string of questions. Check your activity Under More Settings, scroll to the bottom and tap the My Activity option. A website will open with everything Google Home (and Assistant on your phone) has recorded. You can sort by date and time, play back exactly what Home heard, get details, and delete them. Set up Guest Mode You can set up a guest mode to let anyone connect to your Google Home once they enter a four-digit PIN provided by the app. Cast movies or audio to a TV If you have a Chromecast device, go to More Settings in the Google Home app, tap on TVs and Speakers, and then tap the plus sign in the bottom right corner of the screen. The Google Home app will search for voice-supported TVs on the same Wi-Fi network as your Google Home. From there, you can ask Google Home to play Netflix movies and TV show or even YouTube videos. You must connect third-party services -- like Netflix -- to your Google account using the Google Home app (Settings > More Settings > Videos and Photos). After doing this, you can simply say things like “Okay Google, play House of Cars from Netflix on TV". You can even also Google Home to pause playback or rewind a minute to something you might've missed. Cast photos to your TV Google Home can’t just control Netflix or YouTube on your TV, it can also control Google Photos, Google's free cloud photo storage service. Just link up your account in the Google Home app under settings, and then say “Okay Google, show me photos of my pets on TV”. The service is able to tag and recognise people, things, and places, so it's able to smartly serve up whatever you ask for. Ditch your desktop speakers Google Cast is built directly into the Chrome browser. So, when you click the cast button in the corner of Chrome, you can look for your Home device, select it, and then cast audio from your computer to/through Google Home. Set your music source Google Home can play music from several sources, such as Play Music, Pandora, Spotify or YouTube Music. To set your default source, head got to More Settings in the Home app, then choose Music (or choose Music from the sidebar), and link an account and select it as the main source Manage a family shopping list You can automatically add things to your shopping list, which means it'll be added to a note in the Google Keep app for iOS or Android, just by saying something like: “Okay Google, add coffee to my shopping list”. The list can only be associated with the primary account holder. You can add collaborators to this list so they can access it though; simply select the three-dots button in the right corner of the list, select “collaborator,” and invite other family members to the list. Play podcasts All you have to do to hear podcasts is ask. Say “Okay Google, Play This American Life” to hear the most recent episode of the show. If you should pause it, the next time you ask for that podcast, Google Home will pick up where you left off. Find your misplaced phone Can't find your home? Google Home can locate the device -- if you link it with a service called IFTTT. Use this recipe (requires an IFTTT account) so that you can automatically call your number when you say “Okay Google, find my phone.” Turn off the lights Google Home can control internet-connected appliances around your home, such as lightbulbs like Philips Hue. You can not only turn those on and off, but also say things like “Okay Google, turn the living room purple" to change their colour. But Google Home is a voice-controlled hub for all your smart devices. You can also leverage IFTTT recipes to get the most out of Home and your devices, but that's not required. Set an alarm This might seem obvious but... Google Home can replace your alarm clock. Say “OK Google, set an alarm for 5 minutes” or whenever, and you'll hear a nice tune and see a circle of lights on the top of Google Home when the alarm goes off. Hear about your day You can ask Google Home “tell me about my day” to get an audio report of your calendar, your morning traffic commute, the weather, and any reminders. You can also customise your report to exclude certain things, such as the weather. At the end, you'll get a news briefing. But first, to do any of this, you’ll must connect services like your Google Calendar using settings in the Google Home app. Google Home Easter eggs Pocket-lint Looking for some fun things to do with Google Home? While these are technically Google Assistant easter eggs, you'll find that they really give your Google Home some personality: Say "I'm feeling lucky" to start up a multiplayer game show. Say "Give me a random number between (x) and (y)" to hear a random number between the two - with beeping sounds to boot. Ask it to "Roll (insert number)-sided dice": It'll give you a random number, complete with sound effects. Say "(Contact name) is my (relationship)" to ask Assistant to associate certain relationship information with a contact for future reference. Say "Good morning" to hear a rundown of your day's agenda, along with the current weather and news. Say "Send a message to (Contact name) on (messaging service like WhatsApp)" to dictate a message to a contact. Say "Wubba lubba dub dub" to get Assistant to respond with: "Are you in pain? How can I help?" or "Sorry, I don't speak Birdperson" (a reference to the show Rick and Morty). Say "Beatbox" to hear a clip of someone beat-boxing. Say "sing a song" to hear a horrible, brief song. Say "Read a poem" to hear a random poem from Google search. Say "Tell me a joke" to hear an age-appropriate joke from Pixar. Say "F*** you" to submit a bug report. Sections Google Speakers Multi-room audio: What is it and what are your options? Which Sonos speaker is best for you? Play:1, Play:3, Play:5 or Playbar Speaker placement tips and tricks: Things to look out for when setting up a... Sonos tips and tricks: Get the most out of your multi-room system Popular In Speakers On Pocket-lint Google Home tips and tricks: Master your domestic AI LG G6 might come with Google Assistant (and maybe even Alexa) Sonos is planning a new speaker with built-in Alexa voice control LG's Music Flow speakers will soon be Google Home speakers Best speakers 2017: Best wireless and Bluetooth speakers for your tunes Sony HT-ST5000 Dolby Atmos soundbar preview: 7.1.2, Chromecast and Spotify Connect LG SJ9 Dolby Atmos soundbar preview: Extended home cinema without the clutter LG PJ9 levitating speaker preview: The Bluetooth speaker that hovers LG Tone Studio preview: Yep, it's a speaker for your neck B&O Play BeoPlay M5 preview: Woollen-clad woofer Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Toyota GT86 (2017) review: Coupe a load of that 7 best encrypted messaging apps for all the Edward Snowdens out there Best compact cameras 2017: The best pocket cameras available to buy today Nintendo Switch vs PS4 vs Xbox One: Which should you choose? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: What's the story so far? Best compact system cameras 2017: The best mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras available to buy today Best DSLR cameras 2017: The best interchangeable lens cameras available to buy today What PS4 Pro games are 4K HDR ready? The complete list of optimised games A budget Blackberry could be on the way, but with a catch Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Galaxy S8’s best feature might have its own dedicated button Yoni Heisler BGR NewsJanuary 21, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Looking to lessen its reliance on Google and further differentiate itself among a crowded field of Android handsets, Samsung’s upcoming Galaxy S8 smartphone will feature a brand new intelligent personal assistant, similar in nature to Siri on the iPhone. Don't Miss: You won’t believe how much Amazon is charging for Google’s Pixel XL Dubbed Bixby, Samsung’s AI assistant will be based on technology the company picked up when it acquired Viv this past October. What makes the forthcoming release of Bixby so intriguing is that Viv’s AI software was designed to answer layered questions that competing AI services are either unable to answer or struggle to process. For instance, Viv CEO Dag Kittlaus — who we should note helped develop Siri — explained that Viv can answer complex queries like, “Find me a flight to Dallas with a seat that Shaq could fit in.” While it remains to be seen just how extensive Bixby’s feature set will be once the Galaxy S8 hits store shelves, expectations are rather high. Indeed, we’ve already seen reports that Bixby will allow users to use voice commands to send money to friends and family. And just yesterday, word emerged that Bixby will be tightly integrated into the S8 camera and will be able to process text via OCR and even search for and identify objects. The most recent rumor involving Bixby centers on how users might call the feature into action. According to newly surfaced Galaxy S8 case renders , it appears that the Galaxy S8 may come with a fourth physical button. This had led some to speculate that this mysterious fourth button might be used as a way for users to quickly activate Bixby. As for other specs worth noting, the Galaxy S8 will likely feature an edgeless display, improved camera technology, 32GB of storage (with a 256GB model available), and an improved Super AMOLED display. Underneath the hood, the S8 will likely be powered by Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835 S0C. There have also been rumors, however doubtful, that the device will come packed with 6GB of RAM. Trending right now: You won’t believe how much Amazon is charging for Google’s Pixel XL KFC is now using facial recognition to guess what you’ll like Someone converted an iPhone 5s into an iPhone 7 mini, and it’s awesome See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The Mother Lode of Galaxy S8 Leaks Just Landed Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) The Best Way To Find Out If They Are Unfaithful TruthFinderSponsored Seven years later, we’re still asking the wrong questions about the iPad The Verge Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   More Than 250,000 Android Apps Updated Through Google ASI Program       More Than 250,000 Android Apps Updated Through Google's ASI Program     By Jaikumar Vijayan  |  Posted 2017-01-20 Print               Google says it provided tips and recommendations to over 90,000 developers on how they can fix security flaws in their applications before uploading their apps to Google Play. If Android applications continue to be the most targeted by attackers because of the software flaws they contain, It won't be a lack of effort on Google’s part to help developers make their products more secure. A case in point is the company's Google Play App Security Improvement (ASI) program designed to help developers protect their products against common threats. Since last May alone, the tips and recommendations provided by the service helped some 90,000 developers identify and fix security issues in more than 250,000 Android applications, Android security program manager Rahul Mishra said in a blog update this week. ASI currently provides guidance for Android developers on 26 new security issues they need to consider before uploading their apps to Google Play. That’s more than double the 11 security issues the company used to watch out for in third-party Android apps as recently as last May. Google has also set up a new page that consolidates information on all 26 identified security issues in one page. The page contains links directing developers to the appropriate security resources for each issue and contact information for those who need additional support. Developers can use the page to identify all of the issues in their applications that Google will likely flag as being problematic from a security standpoint when the apps are uploaded to Google Play. Under the ASI program, Google notifies developers immediately of any security issue that is identified so the problem can be remedied quickly. The alerts are sent directly to the developers via email and posted on their Google Play console along with information on how to address the problem. Along with the notification, Google also sets a deadline by which developers are expected to address the identified issue if they want their application to be uploaded to Google Play or if they want to make updates to it. "Developers can use this page as a resource to learn about new issues and keep track of all past issues," Mishra noted in his blog. The ASI program is one of several measures that Google has taken in recent years to try and shore up the security of its Android ecosystem. In recent years, the number of vulnerabilities discovered in Android applications has grown exponentially, though few of them have so far been exploited in a major way. In 2016, Android with 523 flaws, had more reported vulnerabilities in it than any other operating system, according to MITRE Corp. The second was Debian Linux with 327. The all time leader for the most number of reported vulnerabilities, however, is the macOS, which has accumulated over 1,670 flaws in the past several years. In response to the trend, Google has made several resources available to developers, beside ASI, to help identify and fix problems in their apps. Among them are an application sandbox, several vulnerability testing tools and fuzzers and security application programming interfaces in Google Play Services.           LATEST MOBILE ARTICLES   Samsung Reveals Cause of Galaxy Note7 Battery Fires, Explosions Google Voice Telephony Service Gets First Update in 5 Years More Than 250,000 Android Apps Updated Through Google's ASI Program New Apple iPad Pro, Microsoft Surface Pro Likely to Appear in March Google to Acquire Twitter’s Mobile App Development Platform                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Survey Says Most voice users want more answers, fewer search results Adios Link: Google has officially killed off the link command Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE SearchCap: Amit Singhal joins Uber, Google AMP carousels & more Barry Schwartz on January 20, 2017 at 4:00 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Former Google search chief Amit Singhal joins Uber Jan 20, 2017 by Danny Sullivan Singhal will become a senior vice president of engineering, overseeing Uber’s Maps & Marketplace departments. Google AMP carousels are multiplying! Jan 20, 2017 by Barb Palser Columnist Barb Palser says the growing number of single-source AMP carousels in Google search sweetens the deal for AMP-enabled publishers. Search in Pics: Indoor lifeguard tower, tractor & wall art Jan 20, 2017 by Barry Schwartz In this week’s Search In Pictures, here are the latest images culled from the web, showing what people eat at the search engine companies, how they play, who they meet, where they speak, what toys they have and more. Fabric team goes to Google: Source: Twitter Google indoor lifeguard tower: Source: Twitter Google Calvin & […] Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: YouTube gains access to Google account data for ad targeting, teases new measurement solution Relaunching your website? Don’t forget an SEO audit! Influencers, in-store shopping and more: 5 affiliate marketing trends for 2017 How digital media won the White House for an ‘analog’ audience DataSift offers first analysis at scale of how LinkedIn’s members engage with content Survey: Social and mobile are top drivers of new small business digital spending Search News From Around The Web: Local & Maps Bing Testing “Send Directions to Phone” Test in Local Knowledge Panel, thesempost.com Google Testing Price Trends for Local Hotel Listings, thesempost.com New Google Earth Version 7.1.8.3036, Google Earth Blog Link Building Google Says Don’t Build Links From Google Sheets, Search Engine Roundtable Google Wants You To Use Nofollow When Linking To Bad Sites, Search Engine Roundtable What Links Can You Get That Comply with Google’s Guidelines? – Whiteboard Friday, Moz Searching Finding immersive experiences (Part 2), SearchReSearch SEO Google and the migration from HTTP to HTTPS sites | #KoozaiQuickVid, koozai.com Google Says Using International Targeting In Search Console Doesn’t Reduce Visibility In Other Countries, Search Engine Roundtable HTTP status codes and what they mean for SEO, Yoast Lowdown on the Google Mobile Popup Penalty for WordPress Users, kinsta.com SEM / Paid Search 5 Tips For The Travel PPC Marketer, PPC Hero Making YouTube Better in a Mobile, Cross-Screen World, Inside AdWords Search Marketing Video: Google Algorithm Update, Mobile Interstitial Penalty, Link Operator & Matt Cutts, Search Engine Roundtable About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: IndustrySearchCap Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Facebook Playbook for Call Conversions Google AdWords and the Conversion Blind Spot Customer Success and Marketing Alignment: The Key to Unlocking Customer Advocacy Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together See More Whitepapers Webcasts Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 27, 9:40 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology New Nexus, Pixel Feature Instant Tethering Follows Technology From Apple’s Mac, iPhone Shared Internet Functionality By Mike Luces On 01/20/17 AT 8:28 PM Close When you need instant internet connection but there’s no WiFi network from the establishments around you, your phone’s mobile hotspot capability is the tool you can rely on. However, setting up your phone’s hotspot tends to be a little tedious. Google is addressing this issue with its new Android-only feature that’s coming first to Nexus and Pixel devices. According to Android Police, Google is rolling out Google Play Services 10.2, a software update that comes with a feature called Instant Tethering. Based on its name alone, it’s pretty clear that this feature provides Android users with a means to instantly launch the tethering functionality of their phones. And that’s what it really does. When a device needs WiFi connection, one does not need to unlock his or her phone and do the necessary steps to the mobile hotspot. The device can just connect to a phone via Bluetooth and instantly set up WIFI without going to Settings. If the phone’s Bluetooth is already turned on, there wouldn’t be a need to unlock it at all. Related Stories Google Struggles With Pixel, Pixel XL Supply 2017 iPads Slated For Launch In Second Half Google To Release Budget Android Smartphones In U.S. The Verge reports that this feature is similar to what Apple did to its Mac and iPhones. Mac users do not need to open their iPhone and manually setup the device to launch tethering. From the Mac, one can directly have access to the internet by launching the mobile hotspot of the iPhone. There’s a WiFi icon in the menu bar of Mac devices that connects and controls the iPhone’s mobile tethering switch When it comes to Google’s Instant Tethering, only devices with a single Google account can connect and instantly access tethering from each other. Thus, an Android tablet that needs internet access can only connect and launch a phone’s tethering functionality if the latter is logged on to the same Google account. Instant Tethering is reportedly rolling out for Nexus and Pixel devices with Android Nougat 7.1.1 OS first before coming to many other Android-running devices. The feature is currently being tested for other devices. Once testing is over, its availability could widen. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Trump Has Tax Plan To Pay For Border Wall The U.S. runs a $59 billion trade deficit with Mexico. Imposing a 20 percent tax on imports would raise funds to pay for the wall. Technology Mark Zuckerberg 'Concerned' With Trump Immigration Executive Orders The Facebook executive issued the note on his personal page. World Facts And Recipes For The 2017 Chinese Lunar New Year Every year, Chinese families gather from around the world for two weeks at their homes for celebrations and feasts. National Tensions Simmer Below Surface As Trump, Republicans Map Strategy Donald Trump may be at odds with Republicans who are not willing to accept spending deals. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google pushing new Instant Tethering feature for faster mobile hotspot connections Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | January 20, 2017 23 shares 13 10 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               Google appears to be rolling out a new tethering feature for Android devices. Some Android users have gotten a new feature called Instant Tethering with Google Play Services 10.2. This feature will link together devices that are tied to your Google account and make it easy to create a mobile hotspot with one device (like a phone) that you can connect to with another device (like a tablet). When enabled, a device will seek out other devices connected to your Google account that also have a cellular data connection and then connect to them. You’ll also be able to see the charge level of your hotspot device’s battery. This is a pretty nifty feature, as it can help save you time by not having to jump into Wi-Fi, seek out your phone’s mobile hotspot, enter a password, and so on. Unfortunately, the feature is currently only rolling out to Pixel and Nexus devices on Android 7.1.1. According to a Googler speaking to Android Police, though, the feature will become available on additional devices after more testing is completed. To check if you’ve got Instant Tethering, go into Settings and go into the Google section. Here’s to hoping that Instant Tethering rolls out to more Android users in a timely manner. Source:  Android Police Google+ (1) (2) Android Google Previous ArticleLG G6 rumored to include Google Assistant Next ArticleDetails on Galaxy Note 7 battery issues leak out ahead of Samsung's announcement Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts LG G6 rumored to include Google Assistant HTC Halfbeak Android Wear smartwatch appears in new batch of leaked photos Samsung says Galaxy Note 7 fires caused by two battery issues Hugo Barra leaving Xiaomi in February View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Honor 6X Review: Best Budget Smartphone? Marco Hanna 2 hours 10 min ago 1 shares 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Samsung says Galaxy Note 8 is coming Alex Wagner 4 days 10 hours ago 104 shares 103 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Huawei Mate 9 review Marco Hanna 5 days 2 hours ago Spectacles review: Worth it? Marco Hanna 6 days 22 hours ago 4 shares 2 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 10 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 15 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 4 2 3 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News How much data do you use per month? T-Mobile now giving free year of AT&T launching International AT&T confirms that it's AT&T confirms that it shut AT&T raising price of DirecTV Now introductory offer of Sprint News How much data do you use per month? Sprint promo offering $50 Sprint will acquire 33 percent of Sprint will give you $200 when you Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Sprint LG V20 sale cuts price in Sprint offering up to $325 in bill T-Mobile News How much data do you use per month? T-Mobile now giving free year of T-Mobile adding ability to share T T-Mobile is right; postpaid T-Mobile "Un-carrier Next T-Mobile Galaxy Note 7 begins T-Mobile now offering Samsung Verizon Wireless Comcast aiming to launch wireless How much data do you use per month? Verizon launches Unlimited Verizon offering Moto Z Droid and Verizon launches ‘Just for you’ Verizon stepping up Galaxy Note 7 Verizon MiFi 7730L Jetpack is a PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         LG G6 rumored to include Google Assistant Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | January 20, 2017 30 shares 19 3 0 0 0 8 0 0 0               When LG launched the V20 last year, it touted the phone as being the first phone preloaded with Android 7.0 and Google’s In Apps feature. Now a new report says that LG will have another special Google feature for the G6’s launch. The LG G6 will include the Google Assistant, according to sources speaking to Business Korea. The only smartphones that currently offer Google’s Assistant are the Google Pixel and Pixel XL. Assistant is Google’s new and improved AI assistant, offering features like the ability to answer your questions, set reminders, make reservations, and more.  While the LG G6 won’t have the modular feature found on the G5, it’s shaping up to have some special features of its own. LG has already confirmed that the G6 will have a display with an 18:9 aspect ratio, which would make it a bit taller than most smartphone displays that are 16:9, and now it’s rumored that the G6 could include Google Assistant, too. While that may not be enough to sell the G6 on its own, it would be a pretty nice addition to the G6’s feature set. Have you tried Google Assistant yet? Via:  Droid-Life Source:  Business Korea Android Rumors and Leaks LG Google Previous ArticleHTC Halfbeak Android Wear smartwatch appears in new batch of leaked photos Next ArticleGoogle pushing new Instant Tethering feature for faster mobile hotspot connections Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts HTC Halfbeak Android Wear smartwatch appears in new batch of leaked photos Samsung says Galaxy Note 7 fires caused by two battery issues Hugo Barra leaving Xiaomi in February No Galaxy S8 at MWC, says Samsung View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Honor 6X Review: Best Budget Smartphone? Marco Hanna 1 hour 55 min ago 1 shares 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Samsung says Galaxy Note 8 is coming Alex Wagner 4 days 9 hours ago 104 shares 103 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Huawei Mate 9 review Marco Hanna 5 days 1 hour ago Spectacles review: Worth it? Marco Hanna 6 days 22 hours ago 4 shares 2 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 10 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 15 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 4 2 3 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News How much data do you use per month? T-Mobile now giving free year of AT&T launching International AT&T confirms that it's AT&T confirms that it shut AT&T raising price of DirecTV Now introductory offer of Sprint News How much data do you use per month? Sprint promo offering $50 Sprint will acquire 33 percent of Sprint will give you $200 when you Cell Phone Deals January 2017 Sprint LG V20 sale cuts price in Sprint offering up to $325 in bill T-Mobile News How much data do you use per month? T-Mobile now giving free year of T-Mobile adding ability to share T T-Mobile is right; postpaid T-Mobile "Un-carrier Next T-Mobile Galaxy Note 7 begins T-Mobile now offering Samsung Verizon Wireless Comcast aiming to launch wireless How much data do you use per month? Verizon launches Unlimited Verizon offering Moto Z Droid and Verizon launches ‘Just for you’ Verizon stepping up Galaxy Note 7 Verizon MiFi 7730L Jetpack is a PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Play Services Introduces New ‘Instant Tethering’ Feature By Tyler Lee on 01/20/2017 17:01 PST Tethering and turning our phones into WiFi hotspots is handy when you need to do some work on your laptop and the current WiFi is either too slow or not stable or simply not available. However sometimes setting up a WiFi hotspot can be a bit finicky but not to worry as Google seems to have a solution. As discovered by the folks at Android Police, it seems that with Google Play Services 10.2, Google has introduced a new feature called “Instant tethering” to Android. So what is this feature about? Basically it will attempt to link up devices that are associated with your Google account, like if you have a Chromebook, an Android smartphone (or smartphones), or a tablet. So when a connection drops for one device, it will ask if you want to tether to your other devices instead without any additional setup required as it will rely on Bluetooth for the connection. We guess the idea is that you’ll be able to seamlessly continue doing your work or using your internet without having to go through the fuss of setting up the tether again. That being said, Android Police notes that this is a server side enabled feature so even if you have Google Play Services 10.2, you might not necessarily see it. Also they point out that the feature is being enabled on Nexus and Pixel devices running on Android 7.1.1 Nougat, so perhaps that’s a requirement as well. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Android and Google. Related Articles 2017-01-25 Final Android Wear 2.0 Preview Released 2017-01-25 Samsung Wants To Work With Google On AI 2017-01-24 Google Tweets Mysterious Puzzle, Hints At Google I/O 2017 2017-01-24 Chrome OS Will Be Coming To More Form Factors 2017-01-24 Adobe Android Apps Being Optimized For Chromebooks 2017-01-23 Google Begins Testing Its Instant Apps Feature 2017-01-23 Google Voice Gets A Much Awaited Update 2017-01-23 Chromebooks Launched In 2017 Onwards Will Support Android Apps 2017-01-17 Android One Handsets Could Be Coming To The US Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google’s Instant Tethering will make it easier to tether from an Android device Christian de Looper Digital TrendsJanuary 21, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share android instant tethering newsMore Mobile hot spots are a great feature, but they can unfortunately be somewhat cumbersome to set up. Google is hoping to fix that, however, and will roll out a new feature in Google Play Services 10.2 that’s designed to make tethering much easier. The feature itself is called “Instant Tethering,” and as the name suggests, it basically links up devices connected to your Google account, making it easier to stay online if your wireless connection drops. In other words, if one of your connected devices loses its connection, it can ask you proactively if you want to tether your device, and you can do so without the need for any extra setup. That connection also extends beyond the internet — you’ll also be able check the battery life of your other devices. More: T-Mobile offers HD video day passes and One Plus plan with 4G tethering The feature seems helpful, but according to a report from Android Police, there’s also a server-side component to it, which means it might be a while before some people start seeing the feature. In other words, just because you have Google Play Services 10.2, that doesn’t mean that you have Instant Tethering — Google might need to enable the feature on its side. There also might be device limitations, and you won’t be able to tether if your carrier doesn’t allow it. Also according to the report, the feature will first roll out to Pixel and Nexus devices, and the Nexus 9 and Pixel C will be supported as clients — or devices that can tether. Instant Tethering will work on Android Marshmallow, and phones will be able to tether with each other. We expect that Instant Tethering will be available on more devices as time goes on, but we don’t have official confirmation on that just yet. Android 7.1.1 rolls out to eligible devices: What you need to know OK, Google, what can you do? Tips and tricks for the Google Home A (sort of) free firmware update gives the Fujifilm X-T2 tethering capabilities Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The Mother Lode of Galaxy S8 Leaks Just Landed Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) The Best Way To Find Out If They Are Unfaithful TruthFinderSponsored Seven years later, we’re still asking the wrong questions about the iPad The Verge Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Share 32 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-27 Super Bowl 51 Commercials: Coen Brothers Pay Homage To ‘Easy Rider’ In Mercedes-Benz Ad [Video] Entertainment 2017-01-26 ‘Fairy Tail – Dragon Cry’ Movie Artwork And Script Page Reveal Plot? Hand-Drawn Illustrations Suggests Japanese Animated Film May Explore Natsu’s Origin Story Entertainment 2017-01-25 Trailer For Selena Gomez’s Netflix Series ’13 Reasons Why,’ Plus The Netflix Series You’re Missing Entertainment 2017-01-25 Aaron Sorkin’s Embarrassment At ‘Man-Boy’ Donald Trump ‘Exacting Twitter Vengeance’ News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-27 Pence Speaks At March For Life: ‘Life Is Winning’ News 2017-01-27 Insane Clown Posse Set Date For Official Juggalo March On Washington Protesting FBI Gang Designation Opinion 2017-01-27 ‘Torturer And Murderer’ Donna Hylton Women’s March Speech Infuriates Conservatives Over So-Called Liberal Hypocrisy News 2017-01-27 Trump Twitter: Gmail Account Linked Posed Social Media Security Threat To POTUS Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Bill Goldberg Calls AJ Styles, Sasha Banks Bright Stars For Future Of WWE Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Kota Ibushi To Be A Surprise ‘Royal Rumble’ Entrant? Basketball 2017-01-27 NBA Trade Rumors: Knicks’ Carmelo Anthony, Bulls’ Rajon Rondo, And Mavericks’ Andrew Bogut Latest News Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE Rumors: Top Five Rumored ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches That Will Come Out Of Sunday’s ‘Royal Rumble’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Lifestyle 2017-01-16 Kate Middleton’s Ring Becomes More Popular Than Ever! Foreign Buyers Queue To Get Replicas Of The Sapphire Diamond Jewelry Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-26 Planned Parenthood: IUD Insertions Up 900 Percent After Trump’s Election Health 2017-01-22 Heartburn Or Heart Attack — Do You Know When To Seek Help? Health 2017-01-22 2016-2017 Flu Season: Health Experts Expect More Severe Influenza Cases Than Last Year Health 2017-01-22 The One Birth Control Method That’s Cost-Effective And Over The Counter Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-01-27 Facebook And Google Join Fight Against Fake News Sites Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Avengers’ Game Release Date Nearing, ‘The Avengers Project’ To Be Published By Square Enix Science 2017-01-27 Organ Transplant Breakthrough: Scientists Create First Human-Animal Chimera Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 27, Near Perfect Graviton Forfeit BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Migos To Replace Lady Gaga At Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show? ‘Culture’ Rappers Have Petition Backing The Cause BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Author George RR Martin To Release New Writing In 2017 ‘Book Of Swords’ BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Eddie Redmayne Set To Narrate ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Audiobook BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Star Wars’ Edits: Mark Hamill Says He Begged George Lucas To Remove Dialogue From ‘A New Hope’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss White House Website: Missing LGBT Pages Moved To ObamaWhiteHouse.Archives.gov — See Trump’s New Pages News 32 0 0 January 20, 2017 White House Website: Missing LGBT Pages Moved To ObamaWhiteHouse.Archives.gov — See Trump’s New Pages Paula Mooney Folks are freaking out over the changes to the official White House website at WhiteHouse.gov — for example, a Google search for all the mentions of LGBT that were previously published at WhiteHouse.gov (about 1,680 results, according to Google) seem to have been deleted. The page “President Obama and the LGBT Community | The White House,” which was dated April 27, 2015, now returns a 404 error code on the White House website. Instead of speaking of President Obama’s vision for “greater equality for LGBT Americans,” WhiteHouse.gov says, “Sorry, the page you’re looking for can’t be found.” The newly-revamped WhiteHouse.gov captures the email addresses of the people that choose to provide that information to the official White House website in order to receive updates from President Trump. Despite the uproar over things missing from WhiteHouse.gov, like civil rights, LGBT rights, and climate change pages, as reported by the Daily Beast, visitors might not need to panic. According to Snopes, certain pages specifically related to President Obama were transitioned to an archived part of the White House website, ObamaWhiteHouse.archives.gov. According to Google, that President Obama White House website archive currently has about 1,880 results. An incredible moment in American history — President Donald J. Trump taking the oath of office. A photo posted by The White House (@whitehouse) on Jan 20, 2017 at 11:50am PST Therefore, there’s no need to freak out that pages like “President Obama and the Hispanic Community | The White House,” which spoke of President Obama engaging the community are gone from the main White House’s website. The fact that the “Office of Inspector General, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services” page no longer resides where it used to in some links as searchable by Google will likely change as new pages appear on the White House website. Indeed, it can appear scary that pages that spoke of the Commodity Supplemental Food Program (CSFP), which helped “improve the health of low-income elderly persons at least 60 years of age” no longer reside where they once did on WhiteHouse.gov. What’s more interesting is a search for the more recent pages of Trump’s White House website that Google has crawled in the past 24 hours. Those include pages that mention President Trump, such as “Standing Up For Our Law Enforcement Community” — a WhiteHouse.gov page that speaks of the Trump Administration being committed to standing up against violent crime and making the country more comfortable for children walking home from school, and not more comfortable for rioters, looters and violent disrupters. Other new WhiteHouse.gov pages show President Trump’s Inaugural Address and Mr. Trump’s so-dubbed energy plan on the page titled “An America First Energy Plan.” There’s also Trump’s “America First Foreign Policy” new page on the White House website, which speaks about defeating ISIS, attacking cyber warfare, and President Trump’s notice of intent to withdraw from NAFTA. As of this writing, the new “Statements and Releases” page on WhiteHouse.gov is empty. It's official. Join us in congratulating our 45th President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump. A photo posted by The White House (@whitehouse) on Jan 20, 2017 at 11:20am PST The page titled “Trade Deals Working For All Americans” on the White House website speaks of rejecting failing trade deals, withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership and negotiating better trade deals in order to help benefit suffering communities in the U.S. The White House website page titled “Bringing Back Jobs And Growth” claims that President Trump plans to reduce taxes for “Americans in every tax bracket” and make the tax code simpler — along with making the U.S. corporate tax rate less than it is today. Another new page on the White House website is titled “Making Our Military Strong Again,” which speaks of President Trump’s commitment to the heroic people of the military — as WhiteHouse.gov terms military folk — claims Mr. Trump will be committed to military veterans. [Featured Image by Evan Vucci/AP Images] Now Watch This: Doomsday Clock Moved Closer To Midnight Now Read This: Pence Speaks At March For Life: ‘Life Is Winning’ Share 32 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Paula Mooney Tags: Missing LGBT Pages, ObamaWhiteHouse.Archives.gov, White House Website February 7, 2015 Marvel Debuts All-Women ‘Avengers’ In Move To Appeal To Females February 4, 2015 Boko Haram Reportedly Driven From Nigerian Town By Chadian Forces Comments LATEST HEADLINES NBA Trade Rumors: DeMarcus Cousins And Paul George To Lakers, D’Angelo Russell And Julius Randle To Kings, Brandon Ingram, Jordan Clarkson, And Nick Young To Pacers Celine Dion Is Coming To ‘The Voice’ As A Mentor For Returning Judge Gwen Stefani [Video] WWE News: Bill Goldberg Calls AJ Styles, Sasha Banks Bright Stars For Future Of WWE No, Mariah Carey Is Not Engaged To Back Up Dancer Bryan Tanaka [Debunked] ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Director Rian Johnson Reveals Episode VIII’s Unusual Influences Charlotte McKinney Considers Breast Reduction: ‘I Was Called A S**T’ For Large Breasts Kim Kardashian’s Stolen Jewelry Is Rumored To Help Fund Terrorism [Debunked] Kodak Black Sex Tape: Insiders Worry That Explicit Video Live-Streamed To Instagram Could Ruin Rapper’s Career Kylie Jenner Set To Open NYC Pop Up Shop, Release Valentine’s Lip Kits Pence Speaks At March For Life: ‘Life Is Winning’ Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE News: The Reason Goldberg’s Head Was Bleeding — What Happened With Goldberg, The Undertaker, And Brock Lesnar After ‘Raw’ Went Off The Air? 26.8k 0 0 Justice Democrats: Cenk Uygur, The Young Turks, Progressives Launch Party Takeover 6.4k 0 0 Jon Voight Accuses Miley Cyrus, Shia LaBeouf Of Treason For Opposing Trump, Calls Women’s March ‘Destructive’ 4.2k 0 0 Six Journalists Face Felony Charges After Covering Inauguration Riots 3.5k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 74.7k 0 0 NFL Rumors: Could The Green Bay Packers Target Alshon Jeffery In Free Agency? 2.4k 0 0 Recent Videos News Israel Plans To Decriminalize Marijuana Politics Mexican President Offers Friendship To U.S., But Not Border Wall News Trump Moving Forward With Mexico Border Wall Politics C.I.A. Black Sites Could Reopen With Trump Executive Order Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google Play Services rolling out Instant Tethering mobile hotspot feature Apps & Games Newsby John Callaham1 week ago 5 764 32 A new and previously unannounced feature is starting to roll out today as part of a server-side update to Google Play Services. The new feature is called Instant Tethering, and it is supposed to make it easier to connect to a device with a mobile hotspot. See also: How to setup mobile Hotspot on Android October 11, 2016 Online reports say this feature is part of Google Play Services 10.2. Basically, if you own more than one Android device that shares one Google account, Instant Tethering will allow one of those products to find any of those others that also have a cellular data connection, so they can automatically connect to that device and share that data. This kind of feature will likely be helpful for people on the road who own a smartphone and an Android tablet… the latter of which might not have cellular hardware. In that case, the tablet can quickly connect to the smartphone’s data connection without a lot of fuss. This feature also displays the remaining battery life on that connecting device. While some people are reporting Instant Tethering as going live right now, it looks like Google is only beginning to roll out this feature, so it may take several days for this update to reach your devices. Apps & Games News Google Play Services, Instant Tethering Google Play Services, Instant Tethering  +Geoffrey Zub  Android Police John Callaham Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 5 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Honor 6X International Giveaway! 5 days ago2534 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Android emoji – everything you need to know 2 hours ago   Deal: Save $400 off a Moto Z with Hasselblad True Zoom Camera 3 hours ago   Squad Wars: Death Division shoots its way into the Google Play Store 4 hours ago   New & upcoming Android phones (January 2017) 5 hours ago   Two unique new games get very meta by being about smartphones 6 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Slashdot is powered by your submissions, so send in your scoop   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror Slashdot's Facebook page has a chat bot now. Message it for stories and more. × 88691515 story Uber Hires Former Google Search Chief Amit Singhal As SVP of Engineering (techcrunch.com) 26 Posted by BeauHD on Friday January 20, 2017 @07:05PM from the point-A-to-point-B dept. The former Senior Vice President of Search and employee number 176 at Google has joined the ride-hailing company Uber as SVP of Engineering. TechCrunch is reporting that "Singhal will be heading up the Maps and Marketplace departments at Uber, while also advising CEO Travis Kalanick and Uber VP of Engineering and Otto co-founder Anthony Levandowski on their efforts to build out the company's self-driving technology." From the report: The last time we in tech news circles heard from Singhal, he was saying goodbye after a 15-year career at Google, in a farewell letter that felt a lot like a retirement announcement. Singhal wrote that he was leaving to "see what kind of impact [he could] make philanthropically" and to"spend more time with [his] family," in an effort to "define [his] next fifteen years." Now, a little under a year later, Singhal is back in an executive role -- this time at a much younger company, but still at one of the most influential technology firms in the world. So how did Singhal get from there to here? Well, for starters, Singhal did throw himself into philanthropic pursuits, focusing on the Singhal Foundation established by him and his wife Shipa, which aims to deliver access to high quality education for kids who normally wouldn't be able to attend top schools, and which began with a focus on the city of Jodhpur, in India. Singhal met Travis Kalanick through a mutual friend, which sparked a series of conversations between the search expert and the famous founder about Uber, its goals and its technical challenges. The combination of the scope of both Uber's potential impact, and the extent of the engineering hurdles it faces in achieving its aims were what drew Singhal in; he is, after all, a true engineer at heart, and mountainous technical challenges attract skilled engineers like nothing else. "This company is not only doing things that are amazing, this company also has some of the toughest computer science challenges that I have seen in my career of 25 years," Singhal told me. "Those computer science challenges for a computer science geek are just intriguing -- you give a geek a puzzle, they can't drop it; they need to solve the puzzle. That's how it felt to me." business google science ← You may like to read: → New Senate Bill Would Give US Grads Preference In Receiving H-1B Visas Tech Billionaires Are Asking Scientists For Help To Break Humans Out of Computer Simulation Electric Vehicles Can Meet Drivers' Needs Enough To Replace 90 Percent of Vehicles Now On The Road Bill Nye: Climate Change Denial Is 'Running Out of Steam,' Thanks To Millennials Neil deGrasse Tyson Says It's 'Very Likely' The Universe Is A Simulation Utah Governor: 'Porn Is a Public Health Crisis' Jay Z's Tidal Music Streaming Service Is Fraudulently Inflating Subscriber Numbers, Report Says Uber Hires Former Google Search Chief Amit Singhal As SVP of Engineering More | Reply Login Uber Hires Former Google Search Chief Amit Singhal As SVP of Engineering Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 26 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. It's a way to hail a cab (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Can someone explain to me why this takes billions of dollars and a building full of PhDs??? Re: (Score:2) by 50000BTU_barbecue ( 588132 ) writes: ...but what use or value would money have in such a situation? Money is a symbol of trust; it can only work if people can trust strangers. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re:It's a way to hail a cab (Score:4, Interesting) by stephanruby ( 542433 ) writes: on Friday January 20, 2017 @07:56PM (#53708451) Can someone explain to me why this takes billions of dollars and a building full of PhDs??? If you're using UberPool, the app needs to match riders going the same way. For that, it needs to take into account distance and traffic conditions. The same thing goes when an Uber driver is trying to get home and sets the destination filter, so the Uber driver doesn't ride back in the general direction of his home without passengers. There is also supply and demand to consider. Uber needs to predict which areas are going to have higher demand and then it needs to provide enough incentives for Uber drivers to alter their daily routines to go to those areas with higher demand. And of course, that demand will fluctuate from year to year based on different events, different weather conditions, Uber marketing, public transportation outages, and other unknown factors... In a small town in the middle of nowhere, all this work may show no result. But in cities like San Francisco or New York, where you absolutely can not hail a taxi downtown during rush hours (even if you happen to be white and well dressed), this makes a huge difference and usually means the difference between taking your car to work and paying $60 in parking for the day, or taking a combination of public transportation and Uber to work and paying a total of $20 a day. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 5 replies beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 6 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 1042 commentsTech Billionaires Are Asking Scientists For Help To Break Humans Out of Computer Simulation 990 commentsElectric Vehicles Can Meet Drivers' Needs Enough To Replace 90 Percent of Vehicles Now On The Road 837 commentsBill Nye: Climate Change Denial Is 'Running Out of Steam,' Thanks To Millennials 830 commentsNeil deGrasse Tyson Says It's 'Very Likely' The Universe Is A Simulation 822 commentsUtah Governor: 'Porn Is a Public Health Crisis' next Jay Z's Tidal Music Streaming Service Is Fraudulently Inflating Subscriber Numbers, Report Says 32 comments previous New Senate Bill Would Give US Grads Preference In Receiving H-1B Visas 221 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 26 of 26 loaded Submit Story "The greatest warriors are the ones who fight for peace." -- Holly Near FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/is-google-putting-ads-on-the-back-burner-1484931947 Hot Stocks Is Google Putting Ads on the Back Burner? The search giant is using its prime ad spots to promote its own products rather than reserving them for advertisers, its main clients. By Alex Eule Jan. 20, 2017 12:05 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Google has been using its ad spots to promote the company’s products, like the Google Pixel. Photo: Getty Images Google and its parent Alphabet have always had big ambitions, but a new report from the Wall Street Journal sheds some new light on its hopes and dreams. According to the Journal, Google has been using its most prime ad spots to advertise the company’s own products -- things like the Nest thermostat, Pixel smartphones, and the Google Home voice assistant. The paper analyzed 25,000 searches and found that in 91% of cases, products from Google units got the top paid ad spot on the search page. It’s an interesting strategy, since search ads represents a huge portion of Google’s revenue. And, it raises the question of whether Google now prioritizes products over its core ad business. In the journalism business, such internal promos are known as “house ads,” and they’re generally used when a publication doesn’t have more profitable advertising. That might not be the case here, but Google either doesn’t have as many ads to run anymore or it’s leaving ad money on the table, making a deliberate decision that growing product sales is more important. Either scenario is worth watching. Big Picture: Google is using its prime advertising to promote its own products. More from Barron’s Next The Growing Cost of Amazon’s Grand Ambitions Snap’s Disappearing Act Faces New Test With Investors Apple’s AirPods Make Their TV Debut When to Buy Airline Tickets to Get The Cheapest Fare Text Size Regular Medium Large Alex Eule alex.eule@barrons.com • @eulelog Most Popular Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Jeremy Grantham: Why Donald Trump Won PayPal Has Big Plans for Venmo Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Test Test Barrons Next Hot Stocks Boost Your Credit Score with One Call to Your Credit Card Company Boost Your Credit Score with One Call to Your Credit Card Company By boosting your credit limit, you can improve your FICO score. Here’s how. Barrons Next Hot Stocks A Hot Fund’s Case for Microsoft and Medtronic A Hot Fund’s Case for Microsoft and Medtronic N/CAC N/DIV N/DJN N/ERN N/PFM N/WER I/MDV I/SOF M/HCR M/TEC MSFT MDT   Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Google's Assistant might not be exclusive to Pixel for much longer 686 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? The Pixel and Pixel XL's Google Assistant is the future according to Google. Image: raymond wong/mashable By Raymond Wong2017-01-20 23:52:11 UTC You might not have to buy a Google Pixel or Pixel XL to get the company's intelligent Assistant after all. LG's upcoming G6 smartphone might be the first non-Pixel phone to include Assistant, according to a report from BusinessKorea. LG is also said to be in talks with Amazon to possibly incorporate Alexa into future phones. SEE ALSO: 7 reasons Google’s Assistant stomps Siri When Google launched its Pixel phones in October, it touted Assistant as one of the main selling points. Google CEO Sundar Pichai called the Assistant "your own personal Google." In Mashable's testing, Assistant bested Siri in a number of ways. Allowing Assistant on non-Google phones could help make it mainstream faster. Amazon pursued a similar strategy by making Alexa an open platform for any device maker to use. With AI and digital assistants so hot these days, LG would be wise to strike a deal to get Assistant on its phones. The move would pair well with LG's decision to bake Assistant into its two upcoming Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches. The more interesting part of the report claims LG is also considering Alexa for its phones. LG already has a smart refrigerator with Alexa, so it's not a completely farfetched idea for the company to launch an Alexa-equipped phone. LG would also become the first company to release a phone with Alexa built in at the native level. Phone hardware may have become "boring," but that doesn't mean software has to be bland. This is poised to be the year of the digital assistant. Besides Google Assistant and Alexa, Samsung's expected to unleash its own digital assistant (codenamed "Bixby") starting with the Galaxy S8 this spring.  A G6 with Assistant could be just the phone LG needs to erase the G5 from our memory and compete with this year's new crop of AI-infused flagships. BONUS: Google Home review: Smaller, cheaper and smarter than the Amazon Echo Topics: Android, Assistant, digital assistant, Gadgets, Google, google assistant, LG, rumors, Tech About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Labor Department Lawsuit Claims Oracle Discriminates in Hiring, Pay       Labor Department Lawsuit Claims Oracle Discriminates in Hiring, Pay     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2017-01-20 Print               DAILY VIDEO: U.S. Labor Department sues Oracle, claiming hiring, pay infractions; Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3.4 improves storage; Google to acquire Twitter's mobile app development platform; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos HPI Recalls 101,000 Notebook PCs With Defective Batteries DAILY VIDEO: HPI Has Samsung-like problem: overheating batteries; iPhone production volume slid 11.5... LinkedIn Executive Kevin Scott Named Microsoft CTO DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft promotes LinkedIn's Kevin Scott to CTO; Google says new Chromebook models to... Samsung Says Battery Manufacturing Flaws Caused Galaxy Note7 Fires DAILY VIDEO: Samsung reveals cause of Galaxy Note7 battery fires, explosions; Apple latest to 'pile... LinkedIn Brings Mobile Experience to Social Network Desktop UI DAILY VIDEO: LinkedIn adding mobile look to social network desktop experience; Avaya bankruptcy sends... Microsoft Offering Windows 10 Upgrades Through Subscriber Service DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft to dole out free Windows 10 upgrades via subscriber service; Oracle patches... FTC Lawsuit Charges Qualcomm With Antitrust Violations DAILY VIDEO: FTC sues Qualcomm, alleging Patent Antitrust Violations; HPE Invests $650M to Acquire... 'ShadowBrokers' Hacker Group Releases NSA Exploits After Auction Fails DAILY VIDEO: Hacker group 'ShadowBrokers' release NSA Exploits after auction fails; Google... IBM Introduces All-Flash Storage Systems for Cognitive Workloads DAILY VIDEO: IBM unveils all-Flash storage for cognitive workloads; Microsoft Power BI reports go... Facebook Starts 'Journalism Project' to Curb Fake News DAILY VIDEO: Facebook unveils ambitious project to clean up news feeds; Google rolls out new cloud... Yahoo to Emerge from Verizon Sale Under New Name: 'Altaba DAILY VIDEO: CEO, co-founder to leave Yahoo, now known as Altaba; DHS designates election machines,... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: U.S. Labor Department Sues Oracle, Claiming Hiring, Pay Infractions Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 3.4 Improves Storage Google to Acquire Twitter's Mobile App Development Platform Pwn2Own 2017 Takes Aim at Linux, Servers and Web Browsers       Today's topics include the U.S. Labor Department lawsuit against Oracle for alleged discriminatory pay and hiring practices, the release of Red Hat's latest OpenShift Container Platform, Google’s acquisition of Twitter’s mobile application development platform Fabric and the 2017’s Pwn2Own hacking competition is setting its sights on a wider array of IT targets. The U.S. Department of Labor on Jan. 18 filed a lawsuit claiming that Oracle pays white men more than other men and women and unfairly favors Asian candidates when recruiting and hiring for technical positions. The Labor Department also filed a similar lawsuit Jan. 18 regarding unfair labor-practice allegations against JP Morgan Chase. In September 2016, the department filed litigation against federal government security and analytics contractor Palantir for allegedly discriminating against Asian job applicants. Oracle released a statement saying the lawsuit's allegations were false and "politically motivated." The company has been in business since 1977 and employs 136,000 globally, 37 percent of which are classified as minorities and 29 percent of which are women. Women comprise 25 percent of the company's management positions. Red Hat announced the release of its OpenShift Container Platform 3.4 on Jan. 18, providing enterprises with new container management capabilities. The new release follows the OpenShift Container Platform 3.3 milestone that debuted in September 2016. OpenShift is comprised of components from the open-source Kubernetes container management project, including additional capabilities and enhanced interfaces from Red Hat's development efforts. The OpenShift Container Platform 3.4 update is based on the Kubernetes 1.4 release that came out in October 2016. "The most interesting features from Kubernetes 1.4 are around dynamic provisioning of storage and related functionality, like storage tier labeling," Joe Fernandes, senior director, product management for OpenShift at Red Hat, told eWEEK. Google has agreed to acquire Fabric, Twitter’s application development platform for an undisclosed amount of cash. Once the deal is approved, Fabric's team will join Google’s Developer Products Group and work with the company's Firebase application development platform team. Twitter announced Fabric in October 2014 as a modular platform for building mobile applications. The platform consists of multiple kits that are designed to help developers address mobile app stability issues as well as those pertaining to application distribution and revenue generation. Over the past decade, the Zero Day Initiative's annual Pwn2Own competition has become one of the premiere events on the information security calendar and the 2017 edition does not look to be any different. By the end of the two-day event in 2016, $460,000 in prize money was awarded to researchers that demonstrated a total of 21 zero-day vulnerabilities. This year the competition will focus on an expanded number of targets including Virtual Machines, including both VMware and Microsoft Hyper-V systems. ZDI will pay a $100,000 reward to the security researcher that is able to successfully execute a Virtual Machine escape. Pwn2Own will take place March 15-17 at the CanSecWest conference in Vancouver, Canada.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search LG G6 might come with Google Assistant (and maybe even Alexa) Elyse Betters20 January 2017Speakers Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment LG's next flagship could be getting a coveted feature: Google Assistant. Oh, and maybe Amazon Alexa. Currently, the only phones with Google Assistant are the Google Pixel and Pixel XL. If LG were add Assistant to the upcoming LG G6, it would make LG the first brand outside of Google to use the Assistant. But that's not all: LG Electronics is also open to cooperating with Amazon. LG G6: What's the story so far? And all this is according to Business Korea. We're not sure whether this means both services would be featured in the phone. For now, it seems like Assistant is looking most likely. However, LG has been embedding Amazon's Alexa into several home appliances, which were unveiled at CES 2017, so this wouldn't be the first collaboration between the two. Also, Huawei Mate 9 is a phone that features Alexa. If it seems absurd to imagine one smartphone running two voice assistants, consider what Sonos' CEO said to Variety on Friday. He wants Sonos speakers to feature not only Amazon Alexa, but also Google Assistant and any other voice assistant available on the market. But who knows how that would actually work - let alone whether the different partners would even consider such a thing. Mobile World Congress 2017: Nokia, Sony, Huawei smartphones and more LG is also rumored to use Google Assistant to power its next line of Android Wear smartwatches, which are also set to unveil next month at the Mobile World Congress show. Either way, Pocket-lint will be there to tell you as it happens whether the phone and watches get Assistant. Sections Google LG Speakers Source: Business Korea Multi-room audio: What is it and what are your options? Which Sonos speaker is best for you? Play:1, Play:3, Play:5 or Playbar Speaker placement tips and tricks: Things to look out for when setting up a... Sonos tips and tricks: Get the most out of your multi-room system Popular In Speakers On Pocket-lint Google Home tips and tricks: Master your domestic AI LG G6 might come with Google Assistant (and maybe even Alexa) Sonos is planning a new speaker with built-in Alexa voice control LG's Music Flow speakers will soon be Google Home speakers Best speakers 2017: Best wireless and Bluetooth speakers for your tunes Sony HT-ST5000 Dolby Atmos soundbar preview: 7.1.2, Chromecast and Spotify Connect LG SJ9 Dolby Atmos soundbar preview: Extended home cinema without the clutter LG PJ9 levitating speaker preview: The Bluetooth speaker that hovers LG Tone Studio preview: Yep, it's a speaker for your neck B&O Play BeoPlay M5 preview: Woollen-clad woofer Best compact cameras 2017: The best pocket cameras available to buy today Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: What's the story so far? Best compact system cameras 2017: The best mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras available to buy today Nintendo Switch vs PS4 vs Xbox One: Which should you choose? 7 best encrypted messaging apps for all the Edward Snowdens out there Mobile World Congress 2017: Nokia, Sony, Huawei, smartphones and more Best DSLR cameras 2017: The best interchangeable lens cameras available to buy today What PS4 Pro games are 4K HDR ready? The complete list of optimised games LG G6 vs LG G5: What's the rumoured difference? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Ahmedabad Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News » City News » Ahmedabad News » Can Can’t restrain law portal, Google from posting court orders online: Gujarat high court Gujarat high court has ruled that it cannot restrain any website or internet search engine Google from posting any of its orders online.TNN | Jan 21, 2017, 08.15 AM IST (Representative image) AHMEDABAD: Gujarat high court has ruled that it cannot restrain any website or internet search engine Google from posting any of its orders online. Justice RM Chhaya on Thursday turned down a petition filed by one Dharmraj Dave, who had urged the court to direct a law portal and tech-giant Google to delete an HC judgement from internet because such a public exhibition of the order might jeopardize his chances of migrating to Australia. According to case details, Dave was charged for murder and criminal conspiracy in 2001 in Jamnagar. A sessions court acquitted him of all charges in 2004, but the state government challenged his acquittal. In 2007, the high court confirmed his acquittal. But while he was preparing to migrate to Australia, a law portal posted Dave's acquittal order and it could be reached through Google. Offended with this display of the order on internet, Dave requested the portal and Google India Pvt Ltd to remove the link and delete the data. When he did not get positive response, he approached the HC and complained that the "overzealous act" of the portal to post the order online was nothing but "indisciplined and without any authority and it has adversely affected the personal and professional life of the petitioner". He argued that posting court orders online is the exclusive domain of court registrar, and the portal as well as Goggle have "no authority to publicly exhibit such orders". While the law portal did not participate in the proceedings, Google's advocate argued that the search engine was in no way connected with publication of the order on the internet and it was not in a position, both as legal and a technical matter, to comply with any of the orders. After discussing in details on who can be given copy of court orders, the HC dismissed Dave's petition by saying that he could not point out any legal provision by which the HC can restrain anybody from publishing court orders on websites. The HC, however, permitted Dave "to take any other recourse, if available, in law". Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Help little Harish undergo a liver transplant Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi's anti-black money crackdown CRITICSUNION Baby of Divya needs your support to live! Milaap More from The Times of India Four days on, cops nab Boring Road molesters Peace with Pakistan: Give Tomorrow A Chance drone hunt for tiger​: 80-member team, drone hunt for tiger From the Web More From The Times of India Help this 11-year-old fight acute Cancer!Milaap 7 movies you won’t believe Hrithik Roshan rejected!CRITICSUNION Grade A commercial property leased to blue-chip tenant @ 9%Property Share Save Shrayansh from a life-crippling disorderMilaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-corruption campaignCRITICSUNION Dev Patel earns Oscar nomination for 'Lion' NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' Flat stomach food guide 2 dead, 129 injured during jallikattu in Tamil Nadu Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular No grand alliance in UP? SP rules out tie-up with RLD Brexit trade deal with India ‘at risk’ without visa reform Senior IAS officer sacked in 'public interest' after poor performance review Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Ad: Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai Watch: US President Donald Trump's inaugural address Under dark clouds and a swollen sky, real estate tycoon and TV reality show host Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th President of the United States. RSS not against reservation, clarifies Manmohan Vaidya Clarifying his statement where he quoted Dalit icon BR Ambedkar's statement that ‘Reservation is being used to fuel Separatism’ RSS leader Manmohan Vaidya backtracked post the massive furore on his comment, and stated that reservation is essential for the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes. He further asserted that the RSS is only against reservation based on religion. From around the Web Help Saeeda recover from brain tumour! Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Grade a commercial property leased to blue-chip tenant @ 9% Property Share Help single mother save her baby daughter! Milaap More From The Times of India Rakesh Roshan won't watch Shah Rukh Khan's 'Raees' Times of India Ranveer Singh can rock kajal better than you! Times of India Donald Trump expected to order temporary ban on refugees Times of India Read MoreJustice RM ChhayaGujarat High Courtcriminal conspiracy in 2001cannot restrain any websiteCan’t restrain law portal Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Ahmedabad Travel Guide How to reach Ahmedabad Hotels in Ahmedabad Restaurants in Ahmedabad Places to visit in Ahmedabad Things to do in Ahmedabad Shopping in Ahmedabad Weekend getaways from Ahmedabad Itineraries Ahmedabad Map Ahmedabad Photos Download Ahmedabad Travel Guide From our Global Partners Ex-LRD jawan who called deputy CM held for posing as cop Domestic workers bind, rob woman in Vastrapur tower Enforcement Directorate arrests Jignesh Bhajiawala Movement to revive fading textile crafts rises 1Can’t restrain law portal, Google from posting court orders online: Gujarat high court 2Ex-LRD jawan who called deputy CM held for posing as cop 3Domestic workers bind, rob woman in Vastrapur tower 4Enforcement Directorate arrests Jignesh Bhajiawala 5Movement to revive fading textile crafts rises About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Bigg Boss 10 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Currency Demonetisation Yuvraj Singh Budget 2017 News Bigg Boss 10 UP Elections 2017 Live: SP Candidate List 2017 Live: Protest for Jallikattu Live: Donald Trump Inauguration Koffee With Karan Season 5 Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Myce.com Latest Updates Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 3 0 0 Go Register Log In Samsung 960 EVO 250GB M.2 NVMe SSD Review Lexar C20c 64GB flash drive review – The three in one solution Crucial MX300 2TB SSD Review ADATA Ultimate SU800 256GB SSD review HyperX Predator 480GB PCIe SSD OakGate Expandable Desktop Storage Test Platform Review and Demonstration Crucial Ballistix Sport DDR4 16GB Memory Review Netac N580 m.2 SSD review Toshiba HK4E SATA 1600GB Enterprise SSD Review Samsung 960 Pro M.2 NVMe 1TB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio Connect II 3TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Toshiba OCZ VX500 512GB SSD Review Home News First look at WebAPK – new way for Google to distribute apps Posted 21 January 2017 00:18 CET by Jan Willem Aldershoff A Google developer has posted a demo of a WebAPK and we’re doing a first look at this new way of distributing (web) applications by Google. WebAPKs load super fast, even on slow networks, can can request the same permissions as native apps and also can have an icon on the homescreen. When officially in use, WebAPKs will likely be progressive web applications. That means they will feel like native apps but will be progressively offered, or easier explained, more of the app will become available as you use it. We’re not entirely sure how it will work yet but Google writes on its website, “as the user progressively builds a relationship with the app over time, it becomes more and more powerful.”   It’s an interesting technology and when we found a demo used by Google developers, we couldn’t wait to give it a try. In order to install the WebAPK used in the demo we had to resort to the developer version of Chrome for Android (in our case on Android 6.0.1) We used the developer version as the regular Chrome version has a flag to enable WebAPK, but we couldn’t get it to work. Within Chrome Dev we navigated to chrome://flags and set ‘Improved add to Home screen’ to enabled. This feature has the description, “Packages ‘Progressive Web Apps’ so that they can integrate more deeply with Android. A Chrome server is used to package sites. In Chrome Canary and Chrome Dev this requires ‘Untrusted Sources’ to be enabled in Android security settings.” When this feature is enabled, Android will automatically ask you to go to the ‘Lockscreen and security’ settings from where you can enable ‘Unknown sources’. Once that was enabled we navigated to the demo URL in Chrome Dev, a page with some code. When things are setup correctly the page will prompt you to install the app ‘Short Train’. When clicking ‘Install’ you will be guided through the regular installation wizard as with regular apps. When the app is installed it will appear on the homescreen and you can use it like any other app. The demo doesn’t do much more than showing the same page from which you installed the app and we couldn’t get the update feature to work unfortunately. Developers will be interested there know there is a manifest generator. We were very interested in what kind of file was generated and whether it would be listed like any regular app. And yes, an APK was generated, we found a 20kB large APK file with the contents one would expect for the base directory inside an APK file.   As stated before, the app doesn’t do much. It does however learn us that it appears that Google needs only a little space and bandwidth to get a basic version of WebAPKs on your phone, likely because it heavily relies on Chrome. While this is only a very basic first look, we can understand where Google is heading. There are way more developers that can write HTML, Javascript and CSS and with WebAPKs they get the same performance as native app developers. Besides that, WebAPKs can be light due to the usage of Chrome and they can be shared directly from any website without the need of going to a third-party app store. Related Forum: Latest News Headlines Related Tags: google chrome android webapk youzer1 New Member Posted on: 23 Jan 17 15:42 I can see this being heavily exploited by malicious ads in future. 1 Agree Register Login Register to Myce.com Register in 10 seconds, pick a username, enter your mail address and proof you're human, that's all! Username required An username is required and can only contain letters and numbers E-mail required Email is required, we'll send the password there Create account Welcome back Sign in with your Myce account. Not a member yet? Create an account Username A username is required and can only contain letters and numbers Password A password is required Login Post your comment Your message: Post comment Hot Threads Plextor PX-891SAF PLUSjadburner, last post: jadburner 105 ‘Stubborn Windows 7 users could cause next XP-style support crisis’DoMiN8ToR, last post: coolcolors 10 Post your Plextor 716 DVD Quality scans herecrossg, last post: Two Degrees 884 DVD-Ranger makes SoundTouch 2 free and adds support for LPCM in MKV files – posts snarky post on FacebookDoMiN8ToR, last post: backup44 16 Toshiba to separate its NAND manufacturing businessDoMiN8ToR, last post: Albert 3 You've got to read this! Lexar C20c 64GB flash drive review - The three in one solution Sun 22 Jan 01:01 by Vroom Review: Lexar C20c USB3.1 Type A / Type C Reviewed by: Antonis Sapanidis Provi... Philips will start to show video ads in smartTV menu - advertisements based on TV usage planned as well Wed 25 Jan 09:01 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Owners of Philips smart TVs will start to see advertisement videos in the menu of their sm... Samsung 960 EVO 250GB M.2 NVMe SSD Review Thu 26 Jan 11:01 by Wendy Robertson &nbsp; Review: Samsung 960 EVO M.2 NVMe 250B SSD Reviewed... Samsung Galaxy 7 Edge users complain en masse about a vertical pink line on their display Mon 23 Jan 02:01 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge owners complain en masse on online forums and social media about a ... 'Stubborn Windows 7 users could cause next XP-style support crisis' Thu 26 Jan 06:01 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Stubborn Windows 7 users who don't want to upgrade to Windows 10 could cause the next &quo... Latest Comments How do I make more than one (1) copy on DVDFAB ( want to make another... Quote: Originally Posted by... Great response , hey what kind of beer i'll buy next round. Quote: Consumers more and more move from HDDs to SSDs,... Win 10, more holes than the ozone layer over Donald Trump. /me grabbing a beer and a sack of chips to watch this soap.... Cinex HD... When the both of you other vendors can put back Cinavia on a Title... Corrected; thanks! What's going on? Two Degrees added a forum post to Post your Plextor 755 DVD quality scans here terminalvelocd added a forum post to The rarest/most obscure recordable medium backup44 added a forum post to DVD-Ranger makes SoundTouch 2 free and adds support for LPCM in MKV files – posts snarky post on Facebook coolcolors added a forum post to ‘Stubborn Windows 7 users could cause next XP-style support crisis’ DVDRangerForum added a forum post to DVD-Ranger makes SoundTouch 2 free and adds support for LPCM in MKV files – posts snarky post on Facebook Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Wetboeken.online Follow us
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Features Reviews Search Subscribe Mobile Technology How to switch from Android to iPhone Emily FerronJanuary 21st, 2017 7 pictures How to switch from an Android to an iPhone without losing your dataView gallery - 7 images Have you decided to drop your Android in favor of an iPhone? Here's how to switch phones and operating systems without losing your data (or mind) in the process. Things to know before you start Chances are, you'll have to abandon many of your hardware accessories. The iPhone 7 and 7 Plus do have adapters to accommodate the missing audio jack, but the iPhone's Lightning charging ports are incompatible with any 'droid. Say goodbye to chargers, cases and microSD cards. Of course, some other items, like docks, speakers and wearable tech products, might be compatible, so double-check before ditching anything. Even though you'll have to re-purchase and download all new apps, all of the best core Google apps are available for iOS. The Google suite, and the accompanying Google Drive storage, are going to be your best friends in the migration process. In fact, we recommend continuing to use them after becoming an iPhone user. You can also seek Apple's help for this process – it seems to place gleaning Android customers at the top of its priorities. According to its website, Apple Store employees will help you transfer from an Android to an iPhone for free, and there is an official Apple app in the Android store that may also be of service. The easy, less involved way: Move to iOS app The official Move to iOS app in the Google Play Store automates content migration. It transfers contacts, message history, photos and videos, web bookmarks, mail accounts and calendars all at once. If you have a new or reset iPhone and you're not picky about configurations, the free app will get you through in minutes. You will need both phones and Wi-Fi connection for the process. The iPhone needs to be either brand new or factory reset. For best results, set up an Apple ID ahead of time. 1. Download the Move to iOS app on your Android and follow the starting prompts. The app will ask you for a code, which you will get from your iPhone. 2. Turn on your iPhone. You'll receive a "Hello" message. When it comes to Apps & Data, choose the "Move Data from Android" button. 3. You'll be prompted to download Move to iOS. Hit continue. 4. When your iPhone generates a code, switch back to the Android and enter it there. 5. Once you enter the code, your iPhone creates a private Wi-Fi connection between the two phones, and the transfer begins. 6. You'll be asked which content you'd like to transfer. Make your selection. 7. The transfer begins. It may take several minutes, but the duration depends on how much data you have. Once the transfer is complete, you'll have to answer a few more questions to set up your iPhone. You may be looking for your old apps on the iPhone. The Move to iOS instructions suggest that it re-downloads iOS versions of your free Android apps, if available. However, that isn't quite the case, and the service doesn't work in all areas. In most cases, Move to iOS adds iOS versions of your Android apps to the App Store Wish List. You'll have to download them manually. From your iPhone, go to App Store and tap the list icon in the top right corner of the screen to access your Wish List. Not all Android apps have iOS equivalents, so do not expect to have everything available to you. You will also have to re-purchase paid apps. The manual way, if you want to understand what's going on The Move to iOS app doesn't give you much power over exactly how your new iPhone is configured. For example, if you want to continue mostly relying on Google Drive storage instead of the iCloud, some of the default presets will not work in your favor. Also, the Move to iOS app may be easy to use, but the simplified process does not impart much knowledge about how the Apple ecosystem works. From an organizational and efficiency standpoint, you may be better off in the long run if you get to know your iPhone during the setup process. What you'll need In this tutorial, we assume you have both phones, a Wi-Fi connection and a computer. It's OK if you don't have both phones, but you will need to migrate your data from your Android before you get rid of it. You'll also need an Apple ID if you do not already have one. You can check for/create an Apple ID. You can also create an account on your iPhone during the setup process. Email accounts, phone contacts and calendars If your contacts and calendars are connected to an email address (Google or otherwise) then it's very easy to move this info. You can add each email account and its associated contacts and calendars to your iPhone at the same time. Some Android phones store contact information to the local device's SIM card instead of Google Contacts. If that's the case (and you don't plan on transferring the actual SIM card to the new device) you'll have to start by importing SIM card contents to Google Contacts. Moving SIM card contents to Google Contacts 1. On your Android, open the Contacts app. 2. Click the menu icon and look for Import/Export. In Android Nougat, this is usually found under Settings, but it does vary between different manufacturers and their takes on the operating system. 3. Choose Import/Export > Import from SIM card. 4. You'll be asked which Google account to save your contacts to. If you have more than one, choose your primary email. You will receive a confirmation when the process is complete. After that, you'll be ready to add email accounts and sync their associated data. Adding email accounts Even if you plan on using Gmail for iOS instead of Apple's native Mail app (or your main email address isn't Gmail) you should still add your Gmail account to your iPhone settings. That way, you'll have easy access to all of your associated Google data. To add an e-mail account to a brand new or factory reset iPhone, open the Mail app. You'll be prompted to add an account when you open it for the first time. If your phone is not starting from scratch, or if you have several email address to add, go to Settings > Mail > Accounts > Add Account. After you enter username, password and any other required information, you'll see a screen with the account name at the top and a few services listed. It depends on which email service you use, but you will probably see Mail, Contacts and Calendars (and perhaps a few more options) with toggle switches next to them. Turn these toggle switches to the green on position in order to sync the data. Once you do, you'll be able to access it from your stock iOS apps (Contacts, Calendar, Mail). A note on using stock iOS vs. Google apps Of the iPhone's Contacts, Calendar and Mail stock apps, Contacts is the only missing piece (though that's irrelevant as long as you tick the Contacts toggle when setting up your Google account). There is no reason for you to start using Apple's Mail or Calendar apps if you don't want to. You can download Gmail and Google Calendar for iOS and delete pre-installed Mail and Calendar apps from your iPhone. Sticking to Google services has a few benefits. For one, you'll never have to worry about a learning curve. In addition, Google offers more free cloud storage through Google Drive (15 GB) than Apple does through the iCloud (5 GB), so it's a good way to preserve iCloud storage. In terms of app specifics – the iOS Calendar allows you to view Google calendars, but not post to them. If you stick with the Google calendar exclusively, you won't have the headache of dealing with semi-compatible calendars. The Gmail app and iOS Mail apps work very differently. If you only use Gmail, go for its namesake app: Its interface will be much more familiar, so you can maintain your current methods of inbox triage. If you use non-Gmail addresses, you'll need to use Apple Mail instead. Photos & videos Before you get rid of your Android, keep your photos and videos by backing them up to Google Photos. 1. To start, download the Google Photos app to your Android, if you don't already have it. 2. Open Google Photos. Tap the Menu icon (three horizontal lines, in the top left corner) and go to Settings. Then, choose "Back up & sync." From there, you can choose which account you'd like these photos to be associated with, along with other preferences. 3. You may see an "Upload size" option, with "High quality" and "Original" selections. If you choose high quality, your photo storage won't count against your Google Drive space, but captures will be reduced to less than 16 MP in size. High quality is a good choice for smartphone pics, since at this point, the leading cameras are 16 MP or less. After your photos are backed up, you have two options. If you are content with accessing them through Google Photos, you can download the iOS app to view or download the photos to your iPhone. However, there's not an automated way to import and export the photos all at once, and they'll occupy precious space on your iPhone or the iCloud. For that reason, we recommend keeping your Android photo library in Google Photos. When you take photos using your iPhone camera, it will either save photos to your local device or the iCloud Photo Library. You will be asked to configure this setting when you start your iPhone for the first time, but you can always change it under Settings > iCloud Photo Library and switching the toggle on and off. If you want to maintain your entire photo library with Google Photos, you can periodically upload your iOS photos to Google. You can find those instructions in our guide for switching from from Android to iPhone. Apps iOS apps and Android apps are not interchangeable. While many leading apps are available in both versions, purchases don't carry over from Google Play to the App Store. You have to buy, download and install iOS apps individually. Not all Android apps are available on iOS, so you may need research alternatives. Search the App Store or use a web tool like AlternativeTo to find some options. Google Play Music It is not necessary to transfer your Google Play Music library to iTunes. You can download the Google Play Music for iOS app and continue listening and purchasing as you did on your Android. If you do want to start using iTunes, you may want to import your music library. Here are the steps: 1. Open and login to Google Play Music through your computer's browser. 2. Click the menu icon, and then Music Library. 3. Select the item(s) you want to download and then click the menu icon with three vertical dots. 4. Choose "Download" and a download location. Choose something that will be easy to find in just a moment. 5. Download the desktop version of iTunes, if you don't already have it. 6. Open iTunes, then navigate to File > Add Folder to library. Select the folder(s) where your music files are. 7. After your files have been imported, you will need to either save the iTunes library to the iCloud, where you can access them on any device, or you can plug your iPhone into the computer and sync manually through iTunes. When making your decision, keep in mind that the iCloud is limited to 5 MB of free storage, and your iPhone has limited device storage as well (amount varies depending on the model and configuration). 8. To save the music on your computer to the cloud, check off "iCloud Music Library" in your iTunes settings. 9. To manually sync songs to your iPhone, plug your iPhone into the computer using its USB-A to Lightning charging cord. iTunes will automatically detect your device, which will appear in the left hand column. 10. Click the name of your device > Summary > Options, and make sure the "Manually manage music and videos" option is checked on. 11. Then, return to your iTunes content. Select the materials that you would like to add to your phone, and click and drag them to your device name in the left hand column. Large transfers may take several minutes. Texts SMS messages don't transfer well between mobile operating systems. The Move to iOS app includes them, but if you don't go that route, you can try a third party-app such as BackupTrans or Android Recovery, but we have not tried them and can not vouch for their capabilities. They may not be effective for everyone. Acclimating after the switch Navigation on the iPhone is slightly different. Instead of home, back and recent apps buttons, there is just one home button. You'll have to use the touch screen for other maneuvers. After you get the feel of the hardware, immerse yourself in the operating system. Check out our tips and tricks for optimizing iOS 10, which will help you get the master the current iPhone interface.View gallery - 7 images How to switch from Android to iPhone 1 / 7 Tags #iOS #How to #Android #Smartphones #iPhone Share this article Show 3 comments   Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Meditation, massage and motion sickness: Testing five wellness wearables The fatal blaze that almost cost America the Space Race Hands-on: Mardles storybooks pop up with augmented reality Alien-like critter forces creation of new insect category Recommended for you Latest in Mobile Technology Google Maps now flags parking problems in metro areas The best Google Pixel XL alternatives The best Apple AirPods alternatives Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs. Notebook 9 Updated Gamevice iOS controller is lighter, battery-free Tips and tricks for the Google Pixel and Pixel XL iOS 10.2.1 patches scary security holes: Download immediately HTC U Ultra vs. OnePlus 3T Google Voice gets its first major update in five years Sprint acquires one-third of music-streaming service Tidal Samsung explains Galaxy Note 7 battery fault, outlines new safety checks How to switch from Android to iPhone Latest phone comparisons HTC U Ultra vs. OnePlus 3T HTC U Ultra vs. iPhone 7 Plus HTC U Ultra vs. Google Pixel XL HTC U Ultra vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Google Pixel XL vs. LG V20 OnePlus 3T vs. iPhone 7 Plus OnePlus 3T vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge OnePlus 3T vs. Google Pixel XL OnePlus 3T vs. OnePlus 3 Google Pixel XL vs. OnePlus 3 2016 Smartphone Comparison Guide Google Pixel XL vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Editors Choice Brain-controlled robot lets physically challenged see the world Compare the latest tech gear Scottsdale Collector Car Auction Preview - star cars and viewing schedules Luxury solar yacht is just as spectacular as we anticipated Getting out of Auto: Understanding Aperture The best of the 2017 Detroit Auto Show The story of the Star Trek fan film that is challenging copyright laws Plaque-busting plants take on Alzheimer's and Parkinson's Used shipping container turned into tiny home for two The fastest cars in history: 1894 to 1914 The best of CES 2017 10 exciting future-focused films coming in 2017 Over 255,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Google pushed developers to fix security flaws in 275,000 Android apps Google pushed developers to fix security flaws in 275,000 Android apps Over 90,000 developers acted based on alerts issued through the Google Play App Security Improvement program Lucian Constantin (IDG News Service) 21 January, 2017 02:51 - - - - print email Comments Over the past two years, Google has pressured developers to patch security issues in more than 275,000 Android apps hosted on its official app store. In many cases this was done under the threat of blocking future updates to the insecure apps. Since 2014, Google has been scanning apps published on Google Play for known vulnerabilities as part of its App Security Improvement (ASI) program. Whenever a known security issue is found in an application, the developer receives an alert via email and through the Google Play Developer Console. When it started, the program only scanned apps for embedded Amazon Web Services (AWS) credentials, which was a common problem at the time. The exposure of AWS credentials can lead to serious compromises of the cloud servers used by apps to store user data and content. Later that year, Google also started scanning for embedded Keystore files. These files typically contain cryptographic keys, both public and private, that are used to encrypt data or secure connections. In the early days of the ASI program, developers only received notifications, but were under no pressure to do anything. That changed in 2015 when Google expanded the types of issues it scanned for and also started enforcing deadlines for fixing many of them. The company provides detailed information on the flaws it detects along with guidance on how to fix them. However, developers who fail to resolve the problems within the timeframes provided by Google can lose the ability to release future updates for the affected apps through Google Play. Google added checks for six new vulnerabilities in 2015, all of them with a patching deadline, and 17 in 2016, 12 of which had a time limit for fixes. These issues ranged from security flaws in third-party libraries, development frameworks and advertising SDKs to insecure implementations of Android Java classes and interfaces. For example, developers who used the Supersonic SDK in their applications have until January 26 to upgrade the SDK to version 6.3.5 or newer. Older versions of this SDK expose sensitive functions through Javascript that are vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks. Until April 2016, the Google Play App Security Improvement program helped developers patch 100,000 applications. Since then the number almost tripled, around 90,000 developers patching security issues in over 275,000 apps, said Rahul Mishra, Android security program manager in a blog post Thursday. Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Cisco coughs up $4.9 billion for AppDynamics Cloud growth continues to boost Microsoft's financials Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Featured Slideshows Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Reseller News looks back on a tumultuous 12 months for the New Zealand channel, assessing the fallout from a year of sizeable industry change. Whether it be local or global mergers and acquisitions, distribution deals or job changes, the channel that started the year differs somewhat to the one set to finish it - Reseller News assesses the key moments that made 2016.​ Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 ​Hewlett Packard Enterprise honours high achieving NZ channel Hewlett Packard Enterprise honoured its top performing Kiwi partners at the second running of its HPE Partner Awards in New Zealand, held at a glitzy ceremony in Auckland. Recognising excellence across eight categories - from distributors to resellers - the tech giant celebrated its first year as a standalone company, following its official split from HP in 2015. ​Hewlett Packard Enterprise honours high achieving NZ channel Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Related Whitepapers Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 How to Plan For Disaster Recovery Build vs. Buy: Calculate the TCO of BDR D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Your Windows 10 PC may soon lock itself when you walk away   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 06:19AM Toshiba sells off a stake in its memory business to WD 05:14AM Apple collaborates with rivals to advance AI research Jan 27 Cloud growth continues to boost Microsoft's financials Jan 27 Alphabet earnings surge on mobile, YouTube More News Microsoft’s Phil Goldie heads to NZ for new role ​Global growth in mind as IntegrationWorks appoints new CEO Reseller News Events 30 Jul EDGE 2017 View all events Featured EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours
Vogue Fashion Beauty Culture Living Runway Fall 2017 Ready-to-Wear Spring 2017 Haute Couture Fall 2017 Menswear Pre-Fall 2017 Spring 2017 Ready-to-Wear Videos SUBSCRIBE 6 issues for $6 Give A Gift Renew International Most Shared 1 Frances Bean Cobain Is Marc Jacobs’s Latest Muse 2 What If a Disney Princess Wore Haute Couture? 3 Kendall and Kylie Jenner Add a Line of Sunglasses to Their Growing Fashion Résumé Runway What Does a First-Time Protester Wear to the Women’s March on Washington? January 20, 2017 5:36 pm by Brooke Bobb email 1 / 5 Expand __SLIDE_TITLE__ __SLIDE_CAPTION__ __SLIDE_CREDIT__ See more photos of: Read Caption email __SLIDE_TITLE__ __SLIDE_CAPTION__ __SLIDE_CREDIT__ Vogue may earn compensation on these sales through affiliate programs. See more photos of: Expand “We made (locally, in New York) some jackets and pants for a group of women who are headed to D.C. (from New York and Texas). Several of them were the founders of an organization called Downtown for Democracy.” —Rachel Comey Photo: Courtesy of Rachel Comey See more photos of: Expand Nicole Phelps, Director, Vogue Runway (far left), marching with friends in 1993. Photo: Courtesy of Nicole Phelps See more photos of: Expand A young marcher and her shirts stands out in the crowd in 1991. Photo: Courtesy of Nicole Phelps See more photos of: Expand My mother’s old charm bracelet. Photo: Courtesy of Brooke Bobb See more photos of: Expand Aurora James “What to wear to the Women’s March has been a bit of a tough one. I have my go-to collection of feminist tees, but I would freeze to death and in all reality I think this is one of those events where fashion is fine to take a bit of a backseat.” —Aurora James Photo: Courtesy of Aurora James See more photos of:   Type the phrase “feminist tee” into Google and wait for the search result to yield an interesting flurry of options—where one shirt reads, “Raging Feminist Bitch,” another is printed with, “Pro-Choice, Pro-Feminism, Pro-Cats.” Some are embellished with a gargantuan uterus and others have odd wordplay like, “Sushi Rolls Not Gender Roles.” But can’t I show my support without being an angry cat lady with ovaries who loves omakase? My Google exercise made me even more confused about what I—a first-time protester and fairly subdued liberal—should wear to the Women’s March on Washington this Saturday. The only time I took to the streets to join a like-minded crowd was in college when Barack Obama won the 2008 election. Outside of Copley Square in downtown Boston, thousands of us danced and drank and celebrated with hearts full and tears in our eyes. “Yes we can” really felt like “Yes we did.” I was dressed in a Democrat blue shirt, but only by coincidence. Today, as I get ready to make the trip down to Washington, D.C., I am emotional, eager, excited, dedicated, determined but also, not entirely sure how to wear my politics on my sleeve. Before reading on, know this: I am fully aware that in the grand scheme of things, the attire isn’t important, the act is. But for me, being so visibly, vehemently outspoken about American policy is something completely different and as such, I feel as though I’m trying on a completely new skin and with that, maybe a more thoughtful, statement-making wardrobe, too. After asking a few coworkers in the Vogue office about what they plan to wear the day of the march, I received some mixed messages. One editor answered quickly via text, “My ‘Thank God for Abortion’ T-shirt by the artist Viva Ruiz, a North Face puffer, Prada combat boots, and an Issey Miyake backpack with snacks and emergency gear.” A writer replied to my G-chat query with, “I’ll just worry about wearing comfortable shoes. It’s not about a fashion statement, because the statement will be reflected in the number of people there.” Director of Vogue Runway Nicole Phelps was kind enough to share a couple of photos from two women’s and equal rights protests she went to in 1991 and 1993 in Washington, D.C. Back then, she marched in ’40s-inspired cat-eye shades. In one of the pictures you can see a young girl, probably high school age, wearing a top with the boldface words, “Abortion On Demand and Without Apology.” I was immediately struck by the overtness of it. The message is unrestrained and direct, without any cliché or kitsch that we sometimes see in fashion, both on the runway and in real life (the Google results above included). However, not all of fashion’s reactions are loud or overt. Many designers are voicing their support for the march by creating subtly symbolic charitable items for women to wear on Saturday. Aurora James of Brother Vellies, Ryan Roche, and Hugo McCloud have donated all of the proceeds from the sale of their one-off line of simple sweaters and beanies to the march. Rachel Comey designed a camo jacket for the 50 women who will be in Washington on behalf of Downtown for Democracy, a Political Action Committee based in New York. The back of the jacket features the organization’s slogan, “Si Vales Valeo,” which translates to, “If You Are Strong, I Am Strong.” Though Comey is outfitting these ladies in a special uniform, she isn’t necessarily promoting one singular look for one singular group. As she explains, “I don’t think that it is important for the women marching to have a special outfit. I care about people gathering to show their solidarity and support for human rights.” She adds, “If they choose to wear a red baseball cap, then so be it. I just say, join us.” The designer is also open when it comes to the notion of statement tees, noting that she doesn’t “think it’s necessary to wear your feelings printed on your clothes, but if you want to, that’s great, too.” “Making art and statements to be worn has a long, powerful, and meaningful tradition. Clothing does have a power to transform and it can help you with whatever your mood or mission or aspiration is.” During the last few days, between scrolling through the “I’m a Fucking Feminist” tees and analyzing the various modes of protest dressing within my workplace and the fashion industry itself, I’ve been thinking a lot about why I’m actually marching. Of course, there are the obvious reasons: to stand up to the incoming cabinet members trying to strip women of their human rights, to send a message to the bigots and misogynists who have been empowered by our new president, and to, as our outgoing president said in his farewell speech last week, “show up.” But I’m also marching for my mother, the woman who taught me the importance of feminism and fighting for what is right, as well as the power that can come from personal style. On Monday, I asked if she could FedEx me something of hers to wear to the march in D.C. She sent a small black box that contained a tarnished charm bracelet linked with trinkets from her days as a member of the high school student council, an intern on Capitol Hill, and a law student at Notre Dame (one of only several women in the class). She graduated law school the same year that Hillary Clinton did, went on to work in a cutthroat, all-male profession as a criminal prosecutor in Chicago, and later, became the first female president of the city’s Bar Association. On Saturday when I step out to protest for the first time, I’ll wear her inspiring past proudly on my wrist as we work toward a better future for all women. In the end, you may not see me in a feminist T-shirt, a limited-edition designer knit, or any shade of suffragette purple, and kudos to those who will be donning them, but I’ll be there, dressed as myself, for a momentous march toward change.   Subscribe now6 Issues for $6 Subscribe In This Story: Politics Share Tweet Add a Comment Tweet Subscribe Now6 Issues for $6 Subscribe Recommended For You __title__ __category__ __title__ __category__ Vogue Fashion Runway Beauty Culture Living Magazine City Guides Videos Subscribe VOGUE VIP Vogue App Vogue Shop Promotions Vogue Archive Vogue Podcast Log In | Register Log Out Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Sign up for Newsletter Contact Press Subscriptions Digital Editions Vogue Worldwide UK India Italy Mexico Australia Germany Korea Spain Taiwan Russia France Brazil Japan Portugal Ukraine Turkey China Reprints/Permissions Media Kits Careers Condé Nast Digital Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Magazine Customer Service Sitemap © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (Effective 1/2/2014). Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. x Okay Sign Up for Our Newsletters Vogue Daily - Celebrity style, beauty tips, culture news, and more. Vogue Runway - Daily fashion news, runway coverage, street style, and more. Will be used in accordance with our Privacy Rights. Loading...
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Amazon has outflanked Alphabet, Microsoft and even Apple Chris Versace and Lenore Hawkins, Tematica Research Jan. 20, 2017, 4:56 PM 14,583 facebook linkedin twitter email print David Becker/Getty Images Earlier this month we had CES 2017 in Las Vegas, a techie’s mecca of new whiz-bang products set to hit the market, in some cases later this year, but in others in 2018 and beyond. A person tracking the CES trade shows over the years likely remembers the changes in inputs from clunky keyboards and standalone number pads to rollerball driven mice to laser based ones, which gave way to trackpads and touchscreen technology. Among the sea of announcements this year, there were a number that focused on one aspect of our Disruptive Technology investing theme that is shaping up to be the next big change in interface technology — voice recognition technology. Over the years, there have been a number of fits and starts with voice technology dating all the way  back to 1992 when Apple’s own “Casper” voice recognition system that then CEO John Sculley debuted on “Good Morning America.”   As the years have gone by and the technology has been further refined, we’ve seen more uses for voice recognition technology in a variety of applications and environments ranging from medical offices to interacting with a car’s infotainment system. As far back as 2004, Honda Motor’s third generation Acura TL sported an Alpine-designed navigation system that accepted voice commands. No need to press the touchscreen while driving, just use voice commands, (at least that was the dream — but for those of us that tried to change the radio station and ended up switching the entire system over to Spanish, it wasn’t so useful!) More recently with Siri from Apple (AAPL), Cortana from Microsoft (MSFT), Google Assistant from Alphabet (GOOGL) and Alexa from Amazon (AMZN) we’ve seen voice recognition technology hit the tipping point. Each of those has come to the forefront in products such as the Amazon Echo and Google Home that house these virtual digital assistants (VDAs), but for now, one of the largest consumer-facing markets for voice interface technology has been the smartphone. Coming into 2016, market research and consulting firm Parks Associates found that nearly 40 percent of all smartphone owners use some sort of voice recognition software such as Siri or Google Now. In 2016, the up and comer was Amazon, as sales of its Echo devices were up 9x year over year this past holiday season and “millions of Alexa devices sold worldwide this year.” If you’re a user of Amazon Echo like we are, then you know that each week more capabilities are being added to the Alexa app such as ordering a pizza from Dominos (DPZ), calling for an Uber, checking sports scores, shopping with your Amazon Prime account, hearing the local weather forecast and getting the latest news or perhaps some new cocktail recipes. Not resting on its laurels, Amazon continues to expand Echo’s capabilities and announced that Prime members can voice-order their next meal through Amazon Restaurants on their Alexa-enabled devices including the Amazon Echo and Echo Dot. Once an order is placed, Amazon delivery partners deliver the food in one hour or less. Pretty cool so long as you have Amazon Restaurants operating in and around where you live. We’d point out that since you’re paying with your Prime account, which has a credit card on file, this also expands Amazon’s role in our Cashless Consumption investment theme as does Prime Now which lets Prime members in cities in which the service is offered get deliveries in under two hours from Amazon as well as from local participating stores. But we digress… Virtual digital assistants cut across more than just smartphones and devices like Amazon Echo and the Google Home. According to a new report from market intelligence firm Tractica, while smartphone-based consumer VDAs are currently the best-known offerings, virtual assistant technologies are also beginning to emerge within other device types including smart watches, fitness trackers, PCs, smart home systems, and automobiles - hopefully this time not switching us into Spanish. Megan Rose Dickey/Business Insider We saw just that at CES 2017 with some landscape changing announcements for VDAs such as with Alphabet that had several announcements surrounding its Google Home product, including integration into upcoming Hyundai and Chrysler models; and acquiring Limes Audio, which focuses on voice communication systems, and will likely be additive to the company’s Google Home, Hangouts and other products. Microsoft also scored a win for Cortana with Nissan. While those wins were impressive, the big VDA winner at CES was Amazon as it significantly expanded its Alexa footprint on deals with LG, Dish Network (DISH), Whirlpool (WHR), Huawei and Ford (F). In doing so Amazon has outflanked Alphabet, Microsoft and even Apple in the digital assistant market, but then who doesn’t find Siri’s utility subpar? To us, that’s another leg to the Amazon stool that offers more support to the share alongside the digital shopping/services, content, and Amazon Web Services businesses. To be fair, Apple originally did not license out its Siri technology. It was only in June 2016 that Apple announced it would open the code behind Siri to third-party developers through an API, giving outside apps the ability to activate from Siri’s voice commands, and potentially endowing Siri with a wide range of new skills and datasets, potentially making a mistake similar to the one that originally cost Apple the Operating System market to Microsoft. Amazon on the other hand has been eager to bring other offerings onto its Alexa platform. Tractica forecasts that unique active consumer VDA users will grow from 390 million in 2015 to a whopping 1.8 billion worldwide by the end of 2021 - Juaquin Phoenix’s Her is closer than you’d think!  During the same period, unique active enterprise VDA users will rise from 155 million in 2015 to 843 million by 2021.  The market intelligence firm forecasts that total VDA revenue will grow from $1.6 billion in 2015 to $15.8 billion in 2021. In the past when we’ve seen new interface technologies come to market and move past their tipping point, we tended to see slowing demand for the older input modalities. Case in point, a new report from Technavio forecasts compound annual growth of just 3.63 percent for the global computing mouse market between 2016-2020. By comparison, Global Industry Analysts (GIA) expects the global market for multi-touch screens to reach $8 billion by 2020 up from $3.5 billion in 2013, driven by a combination of mobile computing and smart computing devices. For those who are less than fond of doing time calculations, that equates to a compound annual growth rate of 11 percent. We’d also point out that’s roughly half the expected VDA market in 2021. One potential wrinkle in that forecast is the impact of VDAs. Per eMarketer, 31 percent of 14-17 year olds and 23 percent of 18-34 year olds regularly use a VDA. Putting these two together, we could see slower growth for touch-based interfaces should VDA adoption take off. Looking at the recent wins by Amazon and Google, factoring in that Apple and Comcast are favoring voice technology in Apple TV and XFINITY TV and growth in the smartphone market is stalling, there is reason to think the GIA forecast could be a tad robust, especially in the outer years. Apple Turning our investing gaze to companies that could be vulnerable should the GIA forecast prove to be somewhat aggressive, we find Synaptics (SYNA), whose tag line is “advancing the human interface,” and the “human machine interface” company that is Alps. Both of these companies compete in the smartphone, wearables, smart home, access control, automotive and healthcare markets — the very same markets that are ripe for voice technology adoption. From a strategic and thematic perspective, one could see the logic in Synaptics and Alps looking to shore up their market position and customer base by expanding their technology offering to include voice interface. Given the head start by Apple, Alphabet, Microsoft, and Facebook, while Synaptics and Alps could toil away on “made here” voice technology efforts, the time-to-market constraints would make acquiring a voice technology company far more practical. Here’s the thing, we’ve already seen Alphabet acquire Limes Audio to improve its voice recognition capabilities. As anyone who has used Apple’s Siri knows, it’s far from perfect in voice recognition and voice to text. In our view, this means larger players could be sniffing around voice technology companies in the hopes of making their VDAs even smarter. In many respects we’ve seen this before whenever a new disruptive technology takes hold alongside a new market opportunity — it pretty much resembles a game of M&A musical chairs as companies look to improve their competitive position. In our view this means companies like Nuance Communications (NUAN), VoiceBox, SoundHound, and MindMeld among other voice technology companies could be in high demand. Disclosure: Nuance Communications (NUAN) shares are on the Tematica Select List. Both Nuance Communications and Synaptics, Inc. (SYNA) reside in Tematica’s Thematic Index. Read the original article on Tematica Research. Register now to get the Monday Morning Kickoff, our weekly thematic primer for the week ahead, at Tematica Research and unlock the power of thematic investing. Copyright 2017. Follow Tematica Research on Twitter. SEE ALSO: One of the largest energy companies says American drillers are splurging again NOW WATCH: 1,500 happily-married people say the key to lasting relationships isn’t communication — it’s respect Loading video... More: Tematica Research CES 2017 Amazon Alexa Google Virtual Assistant Apple Siri facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Amazon has outflanked Alphabet, Microsoft and even Apple Amazon has outflanked Alphabet, Microsoft and even Apple Earlier this month we had CES 2017 in Las... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Markets Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Markets Select 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select Monday Scouting Report More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Facebook Ads Debut On MailChimp; Google AdWords Might Be Next By George Slefo - 16 minutes ago Array 0 Setting Aside Rivalry, Twitter Signs Up For Instagram By Garett Sloane - 23 minutes ago Array 0 Turning Billboards Into Beer Coolers: Behind Coors Light's New Environmental Push By E.J. Schultz - 1 hour ago Array 0 Arthur Sadoun Succeeds Maurice Levy as Publicis Chairman-CEO By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago Array 0 New FTC Chair Has Warned Against Stricter Privacy Rules By Kate Kaye - 1 hour ago Array 0 Arthur Sadoun Succeeds Maurice Levy as Publicis Chairman-CEO By Lindsay Stein - 1 hour ago 0 Walmart Goes Hollywood, Tapping Star Directors for Oscars Campaign By Jack Neff - 4 hours ago 0 Facebook Ads Debut On MailChimp; Google AdWords Might Be Next By George Slefo - 16 minutes ago 0 Taco Bell Trolls Itself in Naked Chicken Chalupa Advertising By Jessica Wohl - 16 hours ago 0 BET Hires IPG Media Team Amid Major Original Content Push By Lindsay Stein - 9 hours ago 0 Problem Solving: How M&Ms Took a Small Insight and Turned It Into a Big Idea By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Snickers Plans a Live Commercial During Super Bowl LI By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Skittles Releases Its Super Bowl Spot By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 The Demise of the Department Store Experience By Rance Crain - 2 days ago 0 Snapchat Offers to Bill Brands for Ads Based on TV-Style Ratings From Nielsen By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Advertisers Can Now Target YouTube Ads Based on People's Google Search Histories By Garett Sloane. Published on January 20, 2017. Credit: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg Most Popular Google is going to let advertisers target YouTube ads based on people's search histories, giving brands a whole new perspective into the consumer mindset. On Friday, Google announced updates to its YouTube offering for advertisers, including a promise of new measurement tools to help marketers understand their campaigns. But it was the introduction of search data into the targeting of YouTube video spots that most intrigued advertisers. Brands could start to consider pushing video ads to YouTube viewers who recently searched for a retail product, travel destination or movie show time. Related Stories Survival Guide 2017: Get Raw Data, Not a Raw Deal "There has been targeting on YouTube based on what videos people watch there," said one top advertising exec, speaking on condition of anonymity because of a close relationship with Google. "Now, for anyone logged in, their search history can be applied to targeting on YouTube. There's some interesting possibilities there, and it greatly expands the audience advertisers could reach." Google's search data is considered among the most powerful information for guiding advertising, but Google has kept it under tight wraps, careful when applying it toward ads outside the search experience. Google faces extra scrutiny from regulators and privacy advocates when it comes to collecting consumer data and applying it to its ad products. For years, the company kept a wall between search and other ad products, but increased competition from Facebook has made that commitment impractical. Google declined to comment for this story, but did post a blog statement on Friday. Google users can turn off ads personalization in their settings. "As more viewership on YouTube shifts to mobile, we're making it easier for advertisers to deliver more relevant, useful ads across screens," Diya Jolly, YouTube's director of product management, said in the blog post. "Now, information from activity associated with users' Google accounts (such as demographic information and past searches) may be used to influence the ads those users see on YouTube." Ms. Jolly described how someone searching for a winter coat could then see an ad in YouTube from a retailer. Google said that more than 50% of YouTube video is viewed on mobile devices. Google also revealed that it was working on a "cloud-based measurement solution" over the next year, to give advertisers more information into how their campaigns perform but balancing that with consumer privacy. The measurement development appears to be a nod to the advertising uproar over the past few months, in which brands have begun to question the accuracy of the numbers coming out of the platforms like YouTube and Facebook. "With this new solution, advertisers will have access to more detailed insights from their YouTube campaigns across devices, so they can better understand the impact of their campaigns on their highest-value customers," Ms. Jolly's blog post said. "For instance, a car manufacturer could get a rich understanding of how YouTube ads across devices influenced a specific audience (like previous SUV buyers)." ~ ~ ~ CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article incorrectly referred to Diya Jolly, YouTube's director of product management, as "Mr." on second reference instead of "Ms." In this article: Ad Tech Digital Digital Video Mobile Search Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact - - - New Instant Tethering feature is rolling out as part of Google Play Services 10.2 for Android Post your comment Comments (7) Vlad, 20 January 2017 Google Android Google is currently in the process of rolling out the latest version of Play Services, namely 10.2, to all Android devices. As usual, there's nothing you need to do - Play Services updates automatically in the background. Once you get this version, you may also receive a neat new function called Instant Tethering. Here's what it does. Say you have an Android phone and tablet, both connected to the same Google account. You're browsing the internet on the tablet at home, connected to your wireless router's Wi-Fi network. But then, all of a sudden, this becomes unavailable or gets disconnected from the internet. With Instant Tethering available and turned on, you'd then receive the following message on the tablet: If you tap Connect, your phone (which you don't have to touch for this to work) will disconnect from Wi-Fi, connect to cellular data, start up a mobile hotspot, and allow your tablet to connect to it - and the tablet will do just that automatically. So with literally one tap on your tablet you've gone from being connected to a network sans internet access, or being disconnected altogether, to browsing the internet through your smartphone's data plan. And that's without having to pick up the phone, turn off Wi-Fi, turn on cellular data, and turn on the mobile hotspot functionality. The bad news is that not a lot of people have Google Play Services 10.2 yet. As usual with Google, it's a slow rollout. And even if you do, that's just a prerequisite to see the Instant Tethering feature. Google still has to do a server-side switch in order to enable it. So it could be a while before you see this on your devices. To check for it, go to Settings > Google and look for Instant Tethering. If it is there, you can tap on it to see two options which can be toggled On or Off: Provide data connection (if the device you're on has a cellular connection and you want it to make it available to your other devices), and Get data connection (which lets that device locate others with your Google account that can provide a cellular data connection). In the example above, the phone would be the one "providing" a data connection, while the tablet is the one "getting" it. Source 1 | Source 2 | Via Related articles Google is retiring older versions of many Google mobile apps on April 3 Google Search app will automatically show results when you're back online Google Maps to introduce parking availability Google+ gets Events and photo zoom, hides low-quality comments by default Reader comments Raphi7 8n%} 21 Jan 2017 It might be useful in countrys where there is a lot of electricity cuts.... Reply A Note 4 user M3SQ 21 Jan 2017 So, how this will work, exactly? The phone will start broadcasting its presence 24/7? I hope there will be a way to disable it. Is there an option to approve/deny data request, to prevent unauthorized leaches??? Reply Topdawg thv8 21 Jan 2017 Yeah, maybe. Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 7 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (MediaTek) 203,489 2. Nokia 6 182,366 3. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 109,019 4. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 80,433 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 72,214 6. Oppo F1s 60,966 7. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 60,324 8. vivo V5 55,958 9. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 54,842 10. Samsung Galaxy J5 (2016) 51,229 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,890 2. OnePlus 3 1,595 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,561 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,513 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,398 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,371 7. HTC 10 1,347 8. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,149 9. LG G5 1,133 10. Sony Xperia Z5 891 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Sinking Millennium Tower safe to live in, city report concludes For being villains, Warriors sure are loved on road Art Rosenfeld, pioneer in energy efficiency, dies Woods’ return to PGA Tour lasts 2 days after missing cut News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Trump's immigration curbs no surprise, those affected say Mexicans begin to unite in fight against Trump's plans Sex offender out of Oregon State Hospital after decades Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Success for A’s Sonny Gray could hasten trade Steve Kerr to ‘absolutely’ play all 4 Warriors in All-Star Jed Lowrie, Josh Phegley back healthy for A’s this spring All-Star Game’s live spectacle doesn’t translate on TV Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms Kentucky bourbon trail buzzing with more than 1 million visits Google’s Pixel phone shines despite misgauging demand Business News Roundup, Jan. 26 A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘I Am Michael’: fascinating minefield about gay conversion The latest from Dear Abby Controversy unleashed over making of syrupy ‘Dog’s Purpose’ Matthew McConaughey goes grotesque in ‘Gold’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Q&A: Chef Philip Tessier reflects on Team USA’s Bocuse Halal Guys draws long lines at new O’Farrell Street My verdict on the Taco Bell Naked Chicken Chalupa: It’s a China Live set to open Feb. 24 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Retirees might want to move to 1 of these states rather than stay Bay Area hikes that are even better after the rain 11 amazing treehouse designs Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: United’s check in holding pattern Rick Steves: The ancient Tuscan towers of San Gimignano Suite Spot: Madrona Manor in Healdsburg Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Thoughtful and extensive’ remodel restores Contemporary grandeur radiates throughout Bernal Heights remodel Former San Francisco 49ers GM Trent Baalke sells San Jose mansion Mirrors, mirrors on all the walls in this 28th-floor, Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/books/article/Recommended-reading-Jan-22-10872400.php Recommended reading, Jan. 22 San Francisco Chronicle Published 1:20 pm, Friday, January 20, 2017 We recommend these recently reviewed titles: The Most Dangerous Place on Earth By Lindsey Lee Johnson (Random House; 272 pages; $27) Think back to what was probably the worst time of your life, when you felt the most outcast, the most lonely, the most gawky and misunderstood. Yep, it’s probably eighth grade to senior year, the subject of Lindsey Lee Johnson’s extraordinary first novel, “The Most Dangerous Place on Earth.” Johnson, who was born and raised in Marin County and has taught writing to teens, follows a group of kids as they struggle their way toward adulthood, but these are no ordinary kids. They’re extremely privileged, living in Mill Valley, “which Smithsonian magazine had recently declared the Fourth Best Small Town in America” and a place where “Kids didn’t have allowances, they had bank accounts.” But under the constant tourniquet pressure from parents and teachers to succeed, and the even more relentless demands from peers to fall in line or risk social banishment, life becomes a tsunami waiting to unfurl. The novel begins with a tragedy in eighth grade, starring Calista, 13 years old, a bright girl who has a crush on Ryan, who believes his handsomeness has destined him for greatness. When Tristan, a shy, soulful boy, and an odd person out, recognizes how he and Calista might save each other, she freezes. “You might not think anybody in this School sees you, but I do. I mean sees you really,” he writes in an eloquent love letter, complete with heartbreaking cross-outs. Any adult receiving a letter like that would know to grab hold of such depth, but at 13, Calista can’t risk following her feelings, she can’t become more outlier than she already is, and so, in the novel’s most tragic moment, she becomes complicit in a plot with the others to ruin the one boy who not only had real substance, but who really might have made her life richer. As Calista moves from grade to grade, we meet the other young casualties of growing up. There’s Nick, who keeps inventing dangerous versions of himself that let him believe no matter how terrible today is, the future might be brighter. There is Elisabeth, the most beautiful girl in class, who nevertheless has no friends. We meet David Chu, who yearns for an ordinary life, while his Berkeley alumnae parents want him to rigidly follow the path they’ve chosen for him. “Google this. Google everything,” he writes in notes to himself, trying to be smarter, even as he wonders why he isn’t enough for anyone but himself. And there is Abigail, Calista’s best friend, who “knew she wasn’t beautiful” but somehow winds up in the most scandalous relationship of anyone. They — and others — all come together one night at a party at someone’s mansion, another powder keg that will ignite all of their lives. But it isn’t just kids who go through horrific changes. Johnson homes in on the adults, too. Molly (Miss Nicoll), one of the teachers, isn’t much older than her junior year students. She grew up in “her father’s cramped two-bedroom ranch house on the outskirts of Fresno, in the nowhere place between beige strip mall and brown farmland.” She wants to be the cool teacher, the one all the kids like and trust. In her need to be liked, to be the kind of hip mentor she wished that she herself had had, she friends kids on Facebook, even as she is dealing with parents who tell her that her “homework is really out of line.” We meet married Doug (Mr. Ellison), the teacher all the kids love because he seems so understanding, but he leads Molly on, and then crosses a line by wooing a student. Part of the pleasure of the book is in the way it’s written, told through shifting and sometimes contradictory perspectives. Johnson sprinkles in text messages, Facebook posts (“Hmm well u don’t want to be too cling. U don’t want to be that girl.”), revealing student essays and even part of a hilariously written and extremely telling, bad novel by Doug. Everything is split into seasons and years, and chapter headings such as “The Lovers,” “The Striver,” “The Artist,” but don’t be mistaken — Johnson eschews stereotypes. Under those headings boil hidden meanings, exhuming the teenage truth about social media, sex, alcohol and drugs. Impossibly funny and achingly sad, Johnson’s novel makes you remember every humiliation you ever suffered while in school, and every terrifyingly bad decision you ever made. There’s a reason why teenage years may be our most intense, and in this wise, dangerous, and yes, occasionally cruel debut, Johnson cracks open adolescent angst with adult sensibility and sensitivity. Adolescence here is a prison term, and if you’re lucky you can find your keys and get yourself out, as unscarred as possible, clutching your scrap of hope, realizing, as Calista says, that despite all that has happened, she “is going on and trying, like everyone, to live in this beautiful world.” ‘Human Acts,’ by Han Kang Fiction The uprising By Alexis Burling Han Kang’s Man Booker International Prize-winning “The Vegetarian” was 2016’s sleeper hit. The first of the South Korean author’s works to be translated into English, the book’s lurid and haunting story describes the shocking physical and psychological deterioration of an otherwise dutiful housewife who, to the shame of her social mores-abiding family, stops eating meat in an effort to transform herself into a tree. Critics called it “ferocious,” a “mesmerizing mix of sex and violence.” Indeed, the simultaneously grotesque and bizarrely beautiful images Han evokes throughout are unlike anything you’ll find in modern literature. Han’s latest — “Human Acts” — is equally revelatory, but for different reasons. This time, she takes a turning point in her nation’s history and turns the event into an unflinching reflection on the relationship between fear, defiance, conscience and grief, and how humans either cling to second chances or fail to find the will to move forward after a tragedy. As translator Deborah Smith explains in the book’s introduction, in 1980, South Korea was “a heap of dry tinder waiting for a spark.” President Park Chung-hee, the military dictator who wrested control of the region in a coup in 1961, had been assassinated on Oct. 26, the year prior. One of Park’s proteges, Chun Doo-hwan, who shared many of Park’s ideas on how the country should be run, had taken his place. By May, martial law was in full effect. Universities were closed. All antigovernment or otherwise incendiary activities were banned. In response, the southern city of Gwangju became the nexus of mass demonstrations and political unrest as students and unionized workers joined together to oppose the oppressive regime. As often happens under similar circumstances (pick any number of genocides that have transpired in recent years), the government responded in full force. Protesters were arrested or gunned down and disposed of swiftly and without mercy. In the words of one of the book’s characters, the army “had been given the means to drive a bullet into the body of every person in the city twice over.” Death totals are still disputed. Some sources estimate that anywhere between 200 (according to the military) and 2,000 (according to foreign press reports) civilians were killed during the massacre. But “Human Acts” isn’t nonfiction. Instead, Han builds upon copious research and a return trip to her childhood home — she lived in Gwangju in the house of Dong-ho, one of her characters, until she was 9 — to reimagine the events that transpired over those hellacious days and in the years following the uprising. The result is nothing short of breathtaking. It’s also brutally honest, graphic in its depiction of death and torture (waterboarding, a wooden ruler shoved into a character’s vagina, you name it), and unrelentingly bleak. As she so poignantly connected physical deprivation with the slaying of the psychological self in “The Vegetarian,” in “Human Acts” Han demonstrates just how fragile — and, in some cases, how stubbornly resilient — the human spirit can be. The novel is divided into seven parts stretching from 1980 to 2013: six chapters that each focus on a different character and an epilogue written from the author’s perspective. In the first section, 15-year-old Dong-ho relives the immediate moments after the first rounds of shots are fired. In hopes of finding a friend whom he was with during the demonstrations, Dong-ho joins a group of bleary-eyed middle school-through-college-age volunteers in a makeshift gymnasium morgue to separate out, tag and clean heaping piles of bloated corpses before they can be identified by relatives. Subsequent chapters thrust readers headlong into others’ recollections relayed in first-, second- and third-person point of view. In a 1990 interview with a professor writing a dissertation on the topic, a survivor speaks of the unimaginable beatings he endured at the hands of the police. In 2002, a former factory girl shares her distaste for being touched and persistent inability to forge a normal life more than 20 years after being held and tortured. There’s Dong-ho’s grieving mother, who, despite ardent attempts to save him, cannot prevent her son’s death in the end. And the voice of Dong-ho’s murdered friend, looking on as his body is thrown into a truck with all the others, “that festering flesh now fused into a single mass, like the rotting carcass of some many-legged monster.” Most of the details presented in these chapters make for the heaviest sort of reading. But unlike a less confident writer, Han doesn’t overdramatize the facts when using them in her fiction. Just as she did in “The Vegetarian,” she favors a deliberate, almost clinical tone, which renders each word, each sentence, each carefully painted image all the more chilling. In the end, what Han has re-created is not just an extraordinary record of human suffering during one particularly contentious period in Korean history, but also a written testament to our willingness to risk discomfort, capture, even death in order to fight for a cause or help others in times of need. Through her words, through her characters’ stories, the memories of their lost souls — and those of countless others — can live on “away from all this. Away to where the light shines through, to where the flowers bloom.” Alexis Burling’s reviews have appeared in the New York Times, the Washington Post and the Oregonian. Email: books@sfchronicle.com Human Acts By Han Kang; translated from the Korean by Deborah Smith (Hogarth; 218 pages; $22 Difficult Women By Roxane Gay (Grove; 260 pages; $25) What binds Roxane Gay’s 21 short stories in “Difficult Women” is that they are told with direct, plainspoken intimacy — the same voice that makes her personal essays so compulsively readable. She takes a reasonable tone to convey erotic, graphic and wry observations about the ways people try to love each other. Although her stories play with form, diving into realism, magic realism, speculative, noir and experimental fiction, unimpeachable narration leaves a reader believing. As in Gay’s riveting first novel, “An Untamed State,” about a woman’s abduction in Haiti, harsh, nightmarish realities are woven into many of these narratives. Gay treats the power dynamics of gender, economics and race with a clear-eyed sobriety regardless of whether everything else in the world of the story is tinged with magic. When I first read “North Country” in Best American Short Stories 2012, I enjoyed Gay’s insightful treatment of the complicated emotions that accompany the start of a new relationship after a relationship gone wrong. The story revolves around a black structural engineer working through a stillbirth she suffered at the end of her prior relationship. She fends off the aggressive advances of a married hydrologist and falls in love with a logger. Rereading “North Country,” however, I marveled at how its placement next to more fanciful stories foregrounds its unabashed romanticism. Whether Gay’s stories are about rape or about the stealing of the sun, they are also nearly always about danger and love. This thematic tendency puts the collection into a more robust conversation with contemporary films and television shows than with most contemporary short stories. Many stories in “Difficult Women” slyly satirize elements of pop culture while also paying homage to them. Gay references the tropes of onscreen romantic comedies and dramas and wields their narrative strategies to say something more interesting about the connections between people than the source material does. William Livingston III stalks a biracial stripper who passes as white in “La Negra Blanca.” With his initially funny rap-fueled fetish of black women, he would read broadly — like a villain in a made-for-television movie — if sexual violence of every kind were not so appallingly common and underreported in our actual world. The resulting political fiction indicts white supremacy and patriarchy. In the hilarious “Baby Arm,” the narrator’s boyfriend, a merchandiser, brings her a fiberglass baby arm after she has him watch “Mannequin” for the first time. She explains her job as a record label publicist: “We have to look pretty and make people believe in false idols and hold our liquor. For that, we are handsomely rewarded.” She and her friend celebrate the good fortune of this boyfriend by having an all-girl fight club. Many characters in the collection feel like archetypes. They are often twins, literally or figuratively. The men are stone throwers, miners, strong men, “good” men or “bad” men. The women characters experience themselves as broken or exceptionally fragile or are perceived as such. In the allegory “Requiem for a Glass Heart,” a stone thrower who lives in a glass house with his glass family fears he will break his wife. The husband in “Noble Things,” a speculative story about a second Civil War, believes his wife “might shatter if he touched her.” Often, the women are tougher than they believe themselves to be. Gay’s stories sometimes rely on shorthand in lieu of actual conversations, defying a rule of contemporary literary fiction that dictates finding the universal through the particular. For example, in “Bone Density,” about a marriage in which both spouses are having affairs, a narrator says, “I’ve cooked us dinner and we’ve made the small talk married people who know each other too well make.” It works here: There is imaginative space for any reader to fill in the blanks. Protagonists read as Everywoman or Everyman. An inclination to combine fairy tales with social critique is one that the author has followed since her small-press debut story collection “Ayiti.” Like Joyce Carol Oates’ “Where Are You Going, Where Have You Been?” or Shirley Jackson’s “We Have Always Lived in the Castle,” this is fiction pressed through a sieve, leaving only the canniest truths behind. The addictive, moving and risk-taking stories of “Difficult Women” provide a release valve for our collective dark anxieties and fantasies. Sirens A Memoir By Joshua Mohr (Two Dollar Radio; 208 pages; $15.99 paperback) Odysseus wanted to hear the Sirens sing. No one had ever heard the song and lived, but Odysseus figured that if he got his men to bind him with rope to the ship’s mast, he’d be safe. When he actually hears the song, logic goes out the window. In the moment, Odysseus wants nothing but to break free from the rope and go to the thing that will destroy him. This fight is the central metaphor in Joshua Mohr’s memoir “Sirens.” Where addiction memoirs are often written from a place of safety, “Sirens” is not. The same Sirens that got Mohr into Fernet and cocaine still call out to him. They want to take his life away. They want to take his young daughter and his wife. They want to ruin the life he’s built for himself. “Siren” re-creates these calls, and with urgency. In his mind, sober or not, Mohr is still bound to the mast, fighting. Different Mohrs blur in these pages. One is blotto. He’s a chauvinistic bartender drinking Champagne from a shoe. One is sober, playing guitar with his young daughter in his lap. Ten a.m. at Vesuvio, one accepts a stranger’s bottle of unknown pills. One holds hands with his wife at a treatment center. Identity is compounded, and Mohr walks a tenuous balance. On the printed page, self-destruction and relapse are literal inches away. What’s good is that Mohr is too smart to show the journey of self as a simple before and after. “Drugs and drink and strokes and heart surgery,” he says to his wife. “You should have picked a better husband.” “Leave my husband alone,” she replies. Mohr’s self-lacerating interiority is often at odds with reality. Others have a different perception of him, and Mohr is at his best when he shows an interplay between his reality and theirs. In a restaurant, for example, when Mohr interviews another writer, he blurts out that he wants a scotch and soda. The call of the Sirens becomes incredibly shrill. Chaotic inner conflict about the drink is stylized with line-breaks and combinationsofwords. But Mohr doesn’t wind up drinking the alcohol. And when he goes back and listens to the tape, he hears no chaos. On the tape all he hears is 45 minutes of “two writers talking shop, bulls—ing about books.” Mohr has written five novels, and “Sirens” is his first work of nonfiction. Readers of Mohr’s other work will recognize similarities here. There’s a sadistic stepfather, and a mother who leaves her son at home with pizza money and boxed wine. These don’t read as recriminations, but rather as Mohr’s attempt to complicate characters. These complications often lead back to reveal more about Mohr himself. Going to pick up cocaine in Las Vegas, for example, he’s left on a couch with a stripper’s young son. He thinks about how the kid will remember him. He thinks about how the kid’s memory will likely be as weird and messed up as his own, remembering the many strange men who came through his own house as a child. Whether he wants to or not, Mohr accepts responsibility for the time spent with drugs and alcohol. His body fails him. There’s a hole in his heart (a literal hole, as thick as eight dimes). And the hole is big enough to let blood clots travel through to his brain, causing potentially fatal strokes. In the latter half of the book, Mohr meets a talking dog named Boots and hallucinates a Nobel Prize-winning Nazi, Dr. Werner Forsmann (1904-1979). These hallucinations (also familiar from Mohr’s fiction) are devices used to explore ideas. Their presence is treated with none of the disbelief of the fantastic; instead, they’re a watered-down-surrealistic manifestation of Mohr’s interiority. Forsmann, in real life, invented the cardiac procedure that would eventually plug the hole in Mohr’s heart. In “Sirens,” he’s in the kitchen, cooking eggs. He stomps into the room on Halloween and asks Mohr why he’s wearing a pink wig. Forsmann is a way for Mohr to meditate on how it’s necessary for people to own up to their past. But the treatment is quick and cartoony. Forsmann’s inclusion is a casual appropriation of a historical figure, used to complicate Mohr’s idea of self. “Sirens” gives a picture of Mohr’s life as a balancing act with real danger and consequences. In many ways the book feels incredibly alive. The prose moves fast. There’s nothing at all calcified or fossilized here, and Mohr makes himself likable and compelling and charming, with a real ear for fast-moving unsentimental language. Mohr knows addiction and has rendered an honest portrait of it here. Days spent in a bar with Fernet never feel far behind. The fight is ongoing. In “Sirens,” the fight is for Mohr’s life, and it’s real. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. BREAKING NEWS Reports: Actor John Hurt dies at age 77 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 PRESIDENT TRUMP'S FIRST WEEK Trump signs 'new vetting measures' for refugees Zuckerberg ‘concerned’ by Trump immigration moves How a 20-percent Mexico tax could affect CA US-Mexico trade war could hit Mexico economy, spur migration Morford: Week One of Go to Hell, America LATEST NEWS 2 in custody amid South Bay search for bank robber SF archbishop: Church will aid undocumented immigrants Zuckerberg to drop suits seeking to buy Hawaii land Actor Anthony Michael Hall sued for assault Climate change conference back on thanks to Al Gore Judge: Calif. can put cancer warning on Roundup SF supervisor offers Trump a room on Alcatraz Burglary suspect steals biker clothing, gets caught Melania eats jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover, public furious Mexican designers envision a Trump border wall Pena Nieto says Trump agreed not to talk about wall funding Sinking Millennium Tower safe to live in, city report concludes 20 homeowners at Millennium sue developer, SF Hacker impersonates local CEO, steals W-2 tax forms 42% of Trump voters approve of prez using private email Orwell’s ‘1984’ is a hot item at SF libraries 2017 isn't '1984' – it's stranger than Orwell imagined TODAY'S TOP PICKS Wild, unexpected consequences of the recent Calif. storms Offbeat and not, 25 'only in SF' spots to take tourists Ex-NBAer and NCAA star found dead at age 50 SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored $69 OFF: This three-day juice cleanse will reset and nourish... This Apple Mail plugin is like a personal assistant for your... Most Popular 1 Melania Trump is eating jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover,... 2 Wild unexpected consequences of the recent California storms 3 Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms 4 Poll: 42 percent of Trump voters say it's OK for Trump to use... 5 Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists 6 Ex-NC State basketball star Charles Shackleford found dead 7 CalExit Measure Gets OK to Collect State Ballot Signatures 8 Why SF Supervisor London Breed is offering Trump a room on... 9 How a 20% import tax could affect California's Mexican imports... 10 This way to the resistance: Your guide to defying the... LATEST NEWS 2 in custody amid South Bay search for bank robber SF archbishop: Church will aid undocumented immigrants Zuckerberg to drop suits seeking to buy Hawaii land Actor Anthony Michael Hall sued for assault Climate change conference back on thanks to Al Gore Judge: Calif. can put cancer warning on Roundup SF supervisor offers Trump a room on Alcatraz Burglary suspect steals biker clothing, gets caught 'Ballers' season two View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchSecurity SearchCloudSecurity SearchNetworking SearchCIO SearchConsumerization SearchEnterpriseDesktop SearchCloudComputing ComputerWeekly Topic Hacker tools and techniques Information Security Threats View All Application Attacks -Information Security Threats Denial of service Email and messaging threats Emerging threats Enterprise Vulnerability Management Identity Theft and Data Security Breaches Incident response Malware Security Awareness Training and Internal Threats Mobile device threats Web Application and Web 2.0 Threats Web server threats Application and Platform Security View All Application attacks Application Firewall Security Database Security Management Email Protection Vulnerability management Open source security Operating System Security Secure SaaS Productivity applications Social media security Software development Virtualization security Web Security Tools and Best Practices Enterprise Data Protection View All Data Analysis and Classification Data Loss Prevention Data Security and Cloud Computing Database Security Management Disk Encryption and File Encryption Enterprise Data Governance Data breaches and ID theft Enterprise Identity and Access Management View All Identity management User Authentication Services Web Authentication and Access Control Enterprise Network Security View All NAC and endpoint security IDS Network Protocols and Security Tools, Products, Software Secure VPN Setup and Configuration Wireless security Government IT security View All Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications View All CISSP Certification Information Security Jobs and Training Security Industry Certifications Information Security Management View All Business management Disaster recovery Enterprise Compliance Management Strategy Compliance software Enterprise risk management Incident response Laws, investigations and ethics Policies, procedures and guidelines Conference coverage Awareness training and insider threats Market trends and predictions Vendor management Information Security Threats View All Application Attacks -Information Security Threats Denial of service Email and messaging threats Emerging threats Enterprise Vulnerability Management Hacker tools and techniques Identity Theft and Data Security Breaches Incident response Malware Security Awareness Training and Internal Threats Mobile device threats Web Application and Web 2.0 Threats Web server threats Security Audit, Compliance and Standards View All Cloud Computing Security Standards COBIT Data Privacy and Protection FFIEC Regulations and Guidelines Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) HIPAA ISO 17799 IT Security Audits PCI Data Security Standard Sarbanes-Oxley Act Topics Archive View All IM Security Issues, Risks and Tools Security Resources Please select a category Application and Platform Security Enterprise Data Protection Enterprise Identity and Access Management Enterprise Network Security Government IT security Information Security Careers, Training and Certifications Information Security Management Information Security Threats Security Audit, Compliance and Standards Section News News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities grandeduc - Fotolia Carbanak gang using Google services for command and control by Michael Heller Senior Reporter Researchers find the Carbanak gang has evolved its attacks on financial institutions to use Google services for command and control infrastructure in malware. This Article Covers Hacker tools and techniques RELATED TOPICS Application Attacks -Information Security Threats Denial of service Email and messaging threats Emerging threats Enterprise Vulnerability Management Identity Theft and Data Security Breaches Looking for something else? Risk & Repeat: Avalanche crimeware as a service busted James Plouffe talks 'Mr. Robot' hacks and the show's technical accuracy Shadow Brokers' Cisco vulnerability exploited in the wild TECHNOLOGIES Advanced persistent attack Cloud services Malware PRODUCTS Google INDUSTRIES Finance & insurance industry + Show More Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Carbanak shows how attackers hijack legitimate tools – ComputerWeekly Carbanak bank malware attack causes nearly $1 billion... – SearchFinancialSecurity Twitter botnet has cyber security implications, say ... – ComputerWeekly Sponsored News From Legacy to Lean: The Emergence of the Analytics-Driven Security Operations ... –Splunk Top 5 Questions On Desktop Virtualization and Converged Solutions –Dell See More Vendor Resources Deciphering the Tactics of the Enemy: APT-Style Attacks –Dimension Data Spear Phishing: The Secret Weapon Behind The Worst CyberAttacks –Cloudmark The infamous Carbanak gang may have been using Google cloud services as command and control infrastructure for malware embedded in malicious Office documents. Nicholas Griffin, senior security researcher at Forcepoint Security Labs, said the company found a "trojanized RTF document" as part of a campaign using "weaponized office documents ... to distribute malware" and evade detection. "The [VBScript] script will send and receive commands to and from Google Apps Script, Google Sheets, and Google Forms services. For each infected user a unique Google Sheets spreadsheet is dynamically created in order to manage each victim," Griffin wrote in a blog post. "The use of a legitimate third-party service like this one gives the attacker the ability to hide in plain sight. It is unlikely that these hosted Google services are blocked by default in an organization, so it is more likely that the attacker will establish a [command and control] channel successfully." Brian Hussey, global director of incident response and computer forensics at Trustwave, said he has seen "significant attack activity" from a group believed to be the Carbanak gang specifically targeting the U.S., Canada and Europe. "The attacker does not have to directly connect to the victim network in order to update his malware or attack methodology. Scripts and commands can be dynamically updated on Google's Cloud servers, allowing for rapid pivoting capabilities," Hussey told SearchSecurity. "Additionally, the Google servers are always up, they use standard open ports, and they would be extremely difficult to black list. This all makes them very attractive for both issuing attacks and for exfiltration." Carl Leonard, principal security analyst at Forcepoint, told SearchSecurity this tactic was akin to "hiding in plain sight, as most admins would not consider Google traffic to be involved in a malicious campaign." Ajay Uggirala, director of product marketing at Imperva, said threat actors in general have become more likely to use "other devices and services to launch an attack campaign." "This is evident from last year's DDoS attacks, such as the Mirai attack on Dyn and Liberia. The proliferation of IoT devices and open internet services are and will be used by cybercriminals to launch their attack campaigns," Uggirala told SearchSecurity. "Think of it this way: If a thief wants to rob a bank, they may steal a car as the drive-away vehicle. Any server, application or device that is open or can be manipulated is likely to be targeted by cybercriminals as a launch vehicle for their attack campaigns mainly to hide their tracks and because it is less expensive." Forcepoint said they are working with Google to prevent the Carbanak gang and others from using its servers like this, but experts disagreed on how effective Google can be in this endeavor. Hussey said stopping this is not easy, but "Google has very smart people working on this issue."  "They need to remain accessible and open for their client base but still want to avoid any malicious usage. These dual requirements can conflict with each other," Hussey said. "Some of the other challenges are that the attackers are encoding their malicious scripts on the cloud servers using XOR and Base64. This makes it even more difficult to identify malicious scripts via automated scans." John Bambenek, threat systems manager at Fidelis Cybersecurity, said it might be possible for Google to help victims in these attacks. "The researchers in this case gave a great deal of information to Google and there are several fingerprints Google can search for in an automated fashion to prevent their system being used this way," Bambenek told SearchSecurity. "What is even more interesting is that Google could also effectively sinkhole the victims to help those organizations clean up their infections." Ultimately though, experts agreed that despite the sophistication of the malware used by the Carbanak gang, enterprises need only worry about preventing the malicious Office document from being opened. Hussey said stopping the initial attack vector is "ideal."  "The attacker uses very persuasive social engineering techniques, so employee training, social engineering penetration tests, and segmenting the reservation or customer facing network from the internal network would all be beneficial," Hussey said. "Disabling Office macros is a good short-term fix. You've got to be able to respond and remediate rapidly. Secure Email technology to block phishing attacks is also a good addition to a security program."  Bambenek agreed, and stressed the importance of security awareness. "Users should be wary of documents coming in from unknown sources and they should never allow VBE scripts to be run," he said. "The attack relied on users double-clicking on the embedded object, which would run the VBScript to start the chain of infection. Good security awareness is key and strong mail filtering to look for such objects and prevent them from being delivered to end users." Next Steps Learn more about choosing the right email security gateway. Find out how a Carbanak malware attack caused nearly $1 billion in bank losses. Get info on command and control servers and how they govern malware. Dig Deeper on Hacker Tools and Techniques: Underground Sites and Hacking Groups All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Risk & Repeat: Avalanche crimeware as a service busted Cyber Guerilla James Plouffe talks 'Mr. Robot' hacks and the show's technical accuracy Threat monitoring: Why watching the dark web is crucial Load More View All Risk & Repeat: Avalanche crimeware as a service busted James Plouffe talks 'Mr. Robot' hacks and the show's technical accuracy Shadow Brokers' Cisco vulnerability exploited in the wild Most popular exploit kits target Flash, Java and IE Load More View All News Risk & Repeat: Equation Group hack raises questions for NSA timing attack cyberextortion card-not-present fraud (card-not-present transaction) Load More View All Get started Cyber Guerilla Threat monitoring: Why watching the dark web is crucial Risk & Repeat: Equation Group hack raises questions for NSA Can credit card hacking be stopped with Chip and PIN alone? Load More View All Evaluate Risk & Repeat: Shadow Brokers' dump shakes IT industry Emerging hacking trends worry seasoned security professionals Hacking forensics: Windows command-line tools for the modern era UGNazi hacker group claims responsibility for Twitter outage Load More View All Manage Risk & Repeat: Shadow Brokers' dump shakes IT industry Can credit card hacking be stopped with Chip and PIN alone? APT-style attacks: How cybercriminals are using them How can Internet hijacking be prevented or mitigated? Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Zine Insider Edition: Attaining security for IoT, through discovery, identity and testing E-Handbook Combatting the top cybersecurity threats with intelligence E-Handbook Managed security services market: What you need to know now Michael Heller asks: How do you think Google should combat tactics like these from Carbanak? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Michael Heller - 20 Jan 2017 2:54 PM How do you think Google should combat tactics like these from Carbanak? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity Why CloudFanta malware poses an unusual threat to enterprises CloudFanta is a new kind of malware threatening enterprises. Expert Rob Shapland explains how it leverages cloud storage site ... How to effectively manage the cloud logs of security events Cloud logs of security events produce an abundance of data. Expert Dave Shackleford discusses how to filter through it and get to... How the Flip Feng Shui technique undermines cloud security The Flip Feng Shui attack against hypervisors could have both short and long-term effects on enterprises. Expert Ed Moyle ... SearchNetworking Will AppDynamics pricing stay too high for small, medium businesses? Cisco will broaden its application monitoring portfolio with the acquisition of AppDynamics. But will the vendor make AppDynamics... HPE focuses on hyper-converged infrastructure consolidation This week, bloggers assess hyper-converged infrastructure consolidation after HPE's buy, Cumulus Networks' new switch hardware ... Why OSPF isn't your best option when using DMVPN Phase 3 Cisco's DMVPN Phase 3 protocol offers many benefits, but make sure you evaluate options before using Open Shortest Path First. SearchCIO Trump's FCC pick may trim net neutrality rules -- what's a CIO to do? With Ajit Pai likely to roll back some regulations governing internet providers, IT leaders need to ponder an uncertain future. How to use artificial intelligence for business benefit AI expert Josh Sutton lays out the three main ways that companies can use artificial intelligence systems for business advantage. Selling the value of cloud computing to the C-suite Selling the value of cloud computing to business leaders requires more than the usual bromides about cost savings and ... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop Five Windows 10 security risks that are easy to overlook Sometimes the biggest security problems in Windows 10 are the ones admins forget about, including user-induced issues, poor ... IT pros applaud new Windows 10 privacy controls The Windows 10 Creators Update will provide new settings for users and IT admins to control more of the data the operating system... Prepare for the challenging move to Windows 10 Organizations can cling to past versions of Windows as long as they want. But, eventually, they will have to accept Windows 10, ... SearchCloudComputing Three cloud computing skills to make your resume stand out in 2017 As enterprises evolve their cloud strategies in 2017, expertise in vendor-specific services, containers and machine learning will... Unwrap containers-as-a-service challenges and best practices Despite the benefits of containers as a service, integration and security issues can plague a deployment. Pick the right provider... HPE-Cloud Cruiser deal shows IT need for cloud cost management tools HPE scooped up cloud cost management vendor Cloud Cruiser this week, a move that might cause some users to question whether the ... ComputerWeekly Union to fight CSC job cuts that threaten NHS services Union to fight a planned 22% cut to CSC's UK workforce, which could impact customers including the NHS GDPR highlighted on Data Protection Day Businesses dealing with EU citizens' data urged to ensure they are on track to comply with the GDPR in less than 16 months, as ... NHS Digital picks peering exchange provider for HSCN The development of the new Health and Social Care Network is moving ahead as NHS Digital signs Redcentric to provide peering ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2017, TechTarget Close
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, January 27, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Bars All Refugees, and Citizens From 7 Muslim Nations By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and HELENE COOPER 9:27 PM ET President Trump signed an order suspending the entry of refugees into the United States for 120 days, and Syrians indefinitely. He also suspended immigration from seven Muslim nations, while ordering priority be given to visas for Christians from Muslim nations. Muslims Say Visa Ban Hurts Friends and Bolsters Rivals By DECLAN WALSH 9:07 PM ET President Trump’s freeze on refugee arrivals and visa requests from seven Muslim countries was seen as a sign that he sees Islam itself as the problem. In Iran, Confusion Over Visa Crackdown 8:26 PM ET Read the Executive Order Here 8:22 PM ET U.N. Envoy Warns Those Who ‘Don’t Have Our Back’ By SOMINI SENGUPTA 5:06 PM ET The new ambassador, Nikki R. Haley, put the United Nations on notice, saying, “You’re going to see a change in the way we do business.” More in Politics Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Mexican Leader Speaks to Trump Over the Phone 7:21 PM ET People gathered at the National Mall for the annual March for Life in Washington on Friday. Credit Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Abortion Foes March on Washington A week after women protested President Trump, this year’s March for Life was a peaceful act of defiance supporting him. Abortion Opponents See Their Long-Held Goals in Reach Women’s March Raises Stakes for Abortion Foes Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America By JACK HEALY Voters who cast ballots for Mr. Trump cheered as they saw a new conservative era in government taking shape, even if they were a little leery of him.  Comments Briefing: G.O.P. Split Ahead of Trump’s Call to Putin Why Trump’s Claim of Vote Fraud Is So Dubious By MICHAEL D. SHEAR The president offered praise for a man whose claims about illegal voting have been debunked time and again. Who Is Registered to Vote in 2 States? Some in Trump’s Inner Circle Trump Sought Crowd Photos From National Park Service By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and MAGGIE HABERMAN Mr. Trump asked the acting chief why the agency had retweeted an unflattering comparison of his inauguration crowd, and asked if he could produce photographic evidence of a larger turnout. Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans By CECILIA KANG The tech company had many close links to the Obama administration. Now it’s scrambling to forge ties with President Trump and a Republican-dominated Congress. The Economy Grew 1.6% Last Year. Can Trump Get It to 4%? By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ 8:47 PM ET The economic expansion of only 1.6 percent in 2016 could bolster the case for infrastructure spending but complicate the president’s plans. Economic View Trump Can Sway Factories. For Now. By JUSTIN WOLFERS Though the president’s pressure on companies to stay in the U.S. may seem to be working, it is an illusion and might hinder manufacturing.  Comments How a Civilian Prosecution Gave the U.S. a Key Informant By ADAM GOLDMAN and BENJAMIN WEISER A Somali who pleaded guilty to supporting terrorists was not tried before a military commission. Still, he became one of the nation’s most important informants. An Audacious Plan for Rising Seas: Floating Islands By MIKE IVES A costly plan to build floating islands shows how climate change is pushing the search for innovative solutions, but some critics ask who will ultimately benefit. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Friday Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 9:48 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. California Today: What Might Happen if Obamacare Is Repealed By MIKE McPHATE Friday: Bracing for an end to Obamacare, more good news on the drought, and welcoming the Year of the Rooster. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Checkup The Banned Books Your Child Should Read By PERRI KLASS, M.D. Books that have been challenged or banned offer parents an opportunity to talk about difficult topics.  Comments Eat Why Clam-Chowder Pizza Is the Best Kind By SAM SIFTON The only thing better than a classic is two.  Comments Love and Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street A discarded photo album reveals a rich history of black lives, from the segregated South to Harlem dance halls. By ANNIE CORREAL  Comments Save this story to read later on any device. Save Nonfiction ‘The Blood of Emmett Till’: Unearthing New Evidence By JASON PARHAM In Timothy B. Tyson’s meticulous retelling, he interviews the woman whose allegations led to Till’s lynching in1955. She admits she lied in court. Australian Open Finals Primer on 2 Famous Matchups By VICTOR MATHER 6:41 PM ET The Australian Open finals begin at 3:30 a.m. Eastern. The women’s match is Saturday; the men’s final is Sunday. Here’s everything you need to know. Venus Williams the Underdog in Grand Sibling Rivalry 6:12 PM ET Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic 8:35 PM ET In the Fine Print of New York’s Budget, a Flurry of Fees By JESSE McKINLEY There are a number of proposals for new fees and other changes in tax law buried amid the thousands of pages in the new budget documents. 10 Things to Do Now in NYC More News Public Editor Mailbag: Measuring Crowds, Maligning a Region A New Opening, but Obstacles Remain for Keystone Pipeline Gambia’s New President Finally Comes Home California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Hugs and Hard Labor on an Indiana Farm With sturdy threads of work and affection, my grandmother was weaving the torn world back together for me. Big Air Is Not All About the Latest Trick Ahead of this week’s X Games and next year’s Olympics, successful quadruple flips in snowboarding have revived discussions about spinning to win versus riding with style. Couture in the Shadow of the Women’s March What does female empowerment look like in a discipline defined by fantasy and tradition? The Opinion Pages An Un-American Refugee Policy By DAVID MILIBAND 6:50 PM ET Freezing the resettlement program undermines U.S. moral leadership and national security.  Comments Trump’s Immigration Ban Is Illegal By DAVID J. BIER 8:01 PM ET Congress long ago outlawed discrimination based on national origin. Brooks: Politics of Cowardice Cohen: The Closing of America Krugman: Making the Rust Belt Rustier Is Donald Trump ‘Mr. Brexit’? By JONATHAN COE 5:52 PM ET What America has in common with Theresa May’s Britain. Who’s Afraid of Nonviolence? By MICHAEL CHABON and AYELET WALDMAN 4:54 PM ET In Israel, “We don’t do Gandhi very well.“ Editorial: Mr. Trump’s ‘Gag Rule’ Will Harm Global Health Rattner: An Extremist Holding the Purse Strings The Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Egan: Park Rangers as Heroes User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Family Why Girls Don’t Think They Are Smart Enough Opinion Does a Protest’s Size Matter? Movies In ‘The Salesman,’ a Marriage in Tehran Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Opinion The Intellectual Life of Violence Design & Interiors Swedish Prints That Are Relevant as Ever Today Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Opinion One Syrian Family’s Journey to America Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Style Confronting Race, Religion and Her Heart Opinion Egypt’s Rickety Dictatorship Books Critic’s Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a Must-Read Sections World » News Analysis: Fears That Trump’s Visa Ban Betrays Friends and Bolsters Enemies Trump and Mexican President Speak by Phone Amid Dispute Over Wall As Climate Change Accelerates, Floating Cities Look Like Less of a Pipe Dream Business Day » Ex-Volkswagen Chief Investigated by Germany in Emissions Cheating Scandal Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Energy Companies Lead US Stock Indexes Mostly Lower Opinion » Opinion: Donald Trump, the Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Editorial: Donald Trump’s Mexico Tantrum David Brooks: The Politics of Cowardice U.S. » A City Built on Refugees Looks at Trump’s Plan With Fear Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Critic's Notebook: New York City Ballet’s Very 21st-Century Steps Philip Glass Celebrates His 80th Birthday With an 11th Symphony Politics » Trump Bars Syrian Refugees Indefinitely to Keep Terrorists Out Trump’s First Week: Misfires, Crossed Wires and a Satisfied Smile In Private, Republican Lawmakers Agonize Over Health Law Repeal Fashion & Style » Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Styles Q. and A.: Cat Marnell, a Former Beauty Editor, on Her New Addiction Memoir Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Review: Matthew McConaughey Mines Profane Capitalism in ‘Gold’ Review: In ‘The Salesman,’ Scenes From a Marriage in Tehran New York » Family DNA Searches Seen as Crime-Solving Tool, and Intrusion on Rights Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street 2 Charged in Ponzi Scheme Built Around ‘Hamilton’ Tickets Sports » Grand Sibling Rivalry Leaves Venus Williams a Distinct Underdog 8 Grand Slam Finals That Pitted Rafael Nadal Against Roger Federer Pegasus World Cup Features California Chrome and a Horseless Pizza King Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Review: A Revival of ‘The Liar’ Plays Alternative Facts for Laughs Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 J.S.G. Boggs, Artist, Dies at 62; He Made Money. Literally. Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89; You’ve Seen His Album Covers Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years By ZOE GREENBERG Housing rights groups fear their agenda may suffer under a president who was sued for housing discrimination in the 1970s. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Top 5 Android Apps & Games of the Week (January 20, 2017) Joe Fedewa Jan 20th, 2017 +10,828 Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. Each week we will highlight five of the best new or overlooked apps and games. You’re sure to find some hidden gems in these recommendations. Go forth and download! Volume Notification Volume Notification is a handy little app that puts volume controls in the notification shade. This makes it really easy to change the volume for media, calls, alarms, and more, without pressing the physical volume keys. You can adjust the color to match the theme of your phone and the controls even show up on the lock screen. DOWNLOAD: Volume Notification – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: No Rating: 4.9/5 Installs: 1,000 – 5,000 Pickle Pickle is a clever take of the traditional note taking apps. Writing a note is as simple as sending a text to your friend. Just open the app and write whatever is on your mind. Pickle uses hashtags to organize the notes. You can scroll back through the conversation or organize by specific hashtags. Notes can be edited, copied, and deleted by swiping. DOWNLOAD: Pickle – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: Yes Rating: 4.8/5 Installs: 1,000 – 5,000 Posture According to scientific studies, we look at our phones up to 85 times a day. Posture is an app that makes sure you’re looking at your phone in a healthy way. Looking at your phone with the wrong posture can put a lot of stress on your neck. Posture will give you a friendly reminder to tilt your phone up when it detects poor viewing angles. DOWNLOAD: Posture – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: No Rating: 4.5/5 Installs: 5,000 – 10,000 Weather Wiz Weather Wiz is an attractive app that provides accurate weather forecasts based on your current location or any other place in the world. It looks a little bit like the Google weather webapp, but with more features. It has real-time local weather forecast as well as the hourly forecasts and 10-day weather condition forecasts. DOWNLOAD: Weather Wiz – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: Yes Rating: 4.3/5 Installs: 10,000 – 50,000 Cues Cues is a puzzle game that takes cues from chess and billiards. The object of the game is to get a ball into a pocket. To do this you use “cues” to push the ball a specific amount of spaces. A cue that is 2 spaces away can move the ball 2 spaces in the opposite direction. You get multiple cues to get the ball into the pocket DOWNLOAD: Cues – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: Yes Rating: 4.9/5 Installs: 50 – 100 More Best Apps & Games Our Download This series includes the best apps and games you should be downloading. We also have more lists for the best apps and games on Android. Check them out below! 100 Best Android Apps Best Android Apps for learning languages Best Android apps for college students Best Android Games for Killing Time Most Addictive Android Games of 2016 Reader-voted best apps local_offer    Download This   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Top Apps & Games Jan 27 Top 5 Apps/Games Jan 13 Top Android Apps 12/9/16 Best Apps/Games - Dec 2 Best Apps/Games Nov 18 videocam Top Trending Videoslaunch 1 play_circle_outline more_vertYour questions answered closePhandroid Q&A: Google iMessage, Android O nicknames, and more [VIDEO] You asked about everything from Android O nicknames to what I had for dinner last night. I compiled 15 of the best questions and answered them in the video. 2 play_circle_outline more_vertTop Apps & Games Jan 27 closeTop 5 Android Apps & Games of the Week (January 27, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 3 play_circle_outline more_vertMobile Roar 160: GS8 & Trump closeMobile Roar 160: Galaxy S8 and LG G6 leaks, Google Voice update, and Trump’s phone We had a lot to talk about this week! Andrew Myrick joined us to help talk about all the Samsung Galaxy S8 and LG G6 rumors. We also discussed Donald Trump’s ancient Android phone. 4 play_circle_outline more_vertMobile Roar 160 live closeWatch the Mobile Roar Podcast LIVE at 2PM Eastern! Do you have more phones and tablets than any one person should? Do you enjoy a good laugh? We’ve got the perfect show for you! Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
City Cityline Breakfast Television News Local Athlete of the Week National GTA Sports Sportsnet Entertainment Life Video Weather Extras News Tips News Alerts Inside CityNews Our Team About Us Contact Us Apps LISTEN LIVE LOCAL VIDEO NEWS TIPS Loading articles... What Canadians were Googling during Donald Trump's inauguration by News Staff Posted Jan 20, 2017 4:37 pm EST Last Updated Jan 20, 2017 at 4:41 pm EST National Religion, Barack Obama and former first ladies were among the trending topics on Google in Canada as Donald Trump was being sworn in as the 45th President of the United States on Friday afternoon. Google Canada looked at Canadian searches during Friday’s inauguration and found these trending topics: “What religion is Donald Trump?” and “Is Donald Trump Catholic?” were among the top five searches. According to Google, every president – except John F. Kennedy – has been Protestant and Trump is no different. Trump grew up in a Presbyterian family and attended church regularly. Kennedy is the first and only Catholic president of the United States. When Trump was asked by the Christian Broadcast Network back in 2015, “Who is God to you?”, he called him the “ultimate” before rambling on about his golf course and making great deals “How many children does Donald Trump have?” The 70-year-old has five children – Donald Jr. (38), Ivanka (34) and Eric (32) were all born during Trump’s first marriage to Ivana; Tiffany (22) is from Trump’s second marriage to Marla Maples; and Barron (10) is from his current marriage to Melania “What time does Trump get sworn into office?” According to the schedule of events that was published, the swearing in ceremony began at 11:30 a.m. The vice-president was sworn in first followed by Trump at exactly noon ET. Trump placed his hand on two bibles – the Lincoln Bible, once owned by President Abraham Lincoln, and a second bible he has owned since childhood to take the oath of office. “When is Trump officially the President of the United States?” Under the terms of the 20th Amendment, Trump’s first term begins upon his swearing-in ceremony. Obama’s second term officially ended at noon ET on inauguration day. And speaking of Obama, Canadians were also wondering about the outgoing president: “Who sang at Obama’s inauguration?” At Obama’s first inauguration, R & B legend Aretha Franklin sang “My Country, ‘Tis of Thee” and featured performances by cellist Yo-Yo Ma, violinist Itzhak Perlman, pianist Gabriela Montero and clarinetist Anthony McGill before the United States Navy Band chorus performed the U.S. national anthem. Beyonce and rapper Jay-Z also performed at one of the 10 inaugural balls that followed. Beyonce also performed at Obama’s second inauguration along with the Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir, James Taylor and Kelly Clarkson. “Where will Obama move to after the White House?” Unfortunately for Donald Trump, president Obama will be moving within a stone’s throw of the White House – 2.5 kilometres away to be exact. According to Politico, the Obama’s have leased an 8,200-square foot mansion which includes nine-bedrooms and eight-and-a-half-baths in the Kalorama neighbourhood of Washington, D.C. The family are staying in D.C. so that their youngest daughter, Sasha, can finish school. “How many people attended Obama’s inauguration in 2009?” While Donald Trump will no doubt claim his inauguration was “huge”, it’s unlikely he will top the number of people who turned out for Obama’s 2009 inauguration. It’s estimated more than 1.8-million people turned out to see the first black president take the oath of office. At his second inauguration in 2013, more than 800,000 people were said to be present. “Why is Obama going to California?” According to the Los Angeles Times, Obama is going to spend some time at the home of ambassador to Spain James Costos in Rancho Mirage, near Palm Springs following Trump’s inauguration. He told the newspaper he plans to do some writing and spend “precious time with my girls.” “How old is Barack Obama?” The 44th President of the United States is 55 years old. He doesn’t turn 56 until Aug. 4. One curious trend that was noticed was about former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. Her name began to spike after Melania Trump appeared on television wearing a sky-blue dress reminiscent of Kennedy’s inauguration outfit from 1961. While it was far from the plagiarizing she did of Michelle Obama’s speech during the Democratic National Convention, it’s easy to see some similarities. Join the conversation Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Edit Profile | Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Comment Please read our commenting policies Roni Sentot The Weeknd & Selena Gomez Just Kissed Behind a Dumpster http://artistnews.info/the-weeknd-selena-gomez-just-kissed-behind-a-dumpster/ January 20, 2017 at 9:11 pm REPLY MARK AS OFFENSIVE Listen Now 680 NEWS live --:-- Next Story "> Posted LOCAL NATIONAL GM to slash 625 jobs at assembly plant near London, Ont. Jan 27, 2017, 12:26 PM Man at centre of violent arrest caught on video ordered to have psychiatric assessment Jan 27, 2017, 12:26 PM Boketsu Boekwa guilty of conspiring to commit murder Jan 27, 2017, 11:51 AM Road tolls nixed: Tory wants Wynne to stop treating him like 'boy in short pants' Jan 27, 2017, 10:57 AM Serious crash snarls traffic on QEW, Hwy. 427 and Gardiner Jan 27, 2017, 10:25 AM Ontario nursing home at centre of murder probe to stop new admissions Jan 27, 2017, 8:34 AM Canadian universities pull ads from alt right news outlet in United States Jan 27, 2017, 12:33 PM Carbon monoxide poisoning from furnace blamed in two Halifax deaths Jan 27, 2017, 10:42 AM Wildfire's return stalls recovery plans for Fort McMurray oilsands industry May 17, 2016, 8:06 AM Canadian universities pull ads from alt-right news outlet in United States Jan 27, 2017, 10:42 AM New panel reviewing Energy East Pipeline voids past decisions, restarts process Jan 27, 2017, 9:45 AM Liberal efforts to shed light on cash-for-access bashes panned by Tories, NDP Jan 27, 2017, 9:14 AM LIFE SPORTSNET ENTERTAINMENT Boy, 9, afraid to go to school due to bullying Jan 27, 2017, 6:36 AM So long, winter blues: Winterlicious, Chinese new year celebrations this weekend Jan 26, 2017, 10:20 AM McDonald's, A&W to launch all-day breakfast across Canada due to growing demand Jan 26, 2017, 9:44 AM Only one in 20 elder abuse cases reported: Toronto police Jan 24, 2017, 5:21 PM SickKids researchers map genome of beaver for Canada's 150th birthday Jan 13, 2017, 4:28 PM Women's March this weekend, TTC work to close section of subway Jan 19, 2017, 11:30 AM West Coast Bias: The challenge of playing in a Canadian market Jan 27, 2017, 3:24 PM Blue Jays notebook: Stroman’s knee now feeling ‘a lot’ stronger Jan 27, 2017, 12:25 PM NHL All-Star Skills competition breakdown: Who’s competing in each event Jan 27, 2017, 4:04 PM Bettman: Olympics, ‘not even on the agenda’ for BOG Jan 27, 2017, 3:50 PM Raonic withdraws from Davis Cup after injury at Australian Open Jan 27, 2017, 3:15 PM '1984' publisher orders new printing as sales soar Jan 25, 2017, 12:08 PM Oscars go gaga for 'La La Land' with record-tying 14 nods Jan 24, 2017, 8:54 AM Denis Villeneuve, Ryan Gosling, NFB animated short get Oscar nominations Jan 24, 2017, 8:50 AM Cyberattack on Sundance briefly shutters box office Jan 21, 2017, 7:46 PM On Inauguration Day, 'House of Cards' announces May return Jan 20, 2017, 4:16 PM Home About Us Contact Us Download App Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario M4W 1G9 © 2002-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryGalaxy Note 7 Report Finds Batteries Were Irregularly Sized, Then Poorly Made Next StoryDon’t Miss These Android Stories: January 20, 2017 by Tim-o-tato on Jan 20, 2017 @timotato News Home Share this Story Report: LG G6 May Include Google Assistant According to Business Korea, LG is working with Google to include Google Assistant with the launch of the G6. If this move does take place, LG could be the first OEM to include Assistant on its devices, outside of the existing Pixel and Pixel XL from Google. Not only is LG reported to be looking at incorporating Google Assistant on the smartphone side, but the report also mentions work the company is doing with Amazon’s Alexa. We aren’t quite sure whether this alludes to smart fridges or washer and dryers, but it does appear that LG is working with multiple companies to broaden its usage of IoT and digital assistants. In the long run, this hopefully leads to only good things for consumers. Beyond the G6, the report also mentions the potential collaboration we will see between LG and Google to create a couple of smartwatches, none of which is new news. However, it is nice to see this info reverberating outside of the US in the market that LG is based. We are expecting to see the G6 unveiled at MWC in late February. Via: Business Korea Post navigation Previous StoryGalaxy Note 7 Report Finds Batteries Were Irregularly Sized, Then Poorly Made Next StoryDon’t Miss These Android Stories: January 20, 2017 Howard Stern ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ i’m pretty interested to see what they come out with here. I read a few months ago that LG was working directly with google, Now that makes sense. If they stick with a 3000mah battery, it will be another disaster. If they throw a 3500mah in….it might sell well. If they went Amoled, front facing speakers with a 3500mAh, i’d buy this day 1. hell, i’d probably buy 2. I love using using the assistant on my pixel xl. Gf1fanatic Very, very nasty of Google to keep Google Assistant from Nexus phones that run Nougat. Taios Exactly what is Google assistant? Is it not part of the Google now cards? Don’t all phones have the Google voice commands? I don’t understand anything. John Pixel 2017 Ben Maybe it’s just me but that kind of annoys me as a pixel user. It’s suppsed to be an exclusive to the pixel line. And something that can help keep that line growing. Although at the end of the day it’s not really a big deal Me LOL G is so ass backwards Murphy’s Magnet With Google assistant, Cortana, Alexa and Siri running all over the place it will be interesting to see how Bixby turns out. Murphy’s Magnet Let the Nexus owner rants begin! In all seriousness, I feel for you guys/gals. It really looks like Google is screwing you over. Andy I don’t see difference between assistant and google voice search. Even my 5 year was like google home is the same as my iPad google search Tyler Durden Is this supposed to be something that makes us want a G6? It’s not working unfortunately. Brandon Sobotta I want a G6. But not for the assistant. Brandon Sobotta I run with Cortana. Google has to many directions. seattle tech Google was trying to keep google assistant to themselves but freaked out when they saw Alexa all over CES YuCMi Thank goodness for competition. Saracmedina Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj94d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj94d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash114MarketBoxGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj94d:….,…… Crystaltyoung Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj171d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj171d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash171TopProGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj171d:….,…. Kawshik Ahmed I am sure I remembered Google said ot was Time Exclusive for Pixel. In Pixel event they used word ‘For Now’. Google Assitant also coming in all other Android variant like Android Wear, Android TV etc. Beside,’Google Assistant’ and ‘Google Now’ are both have the apk (It is the Google.apk) so if Goolge pushed an update of the Google app which removes the Pixel device checking then almost every phone with Google Now will have Google Assistant instantly. seattle tech It was a greedy move especially to nexus fans . I have my s7 edge running the pixel launcher with Google Assistant with just a build prop change. It thinks it is a Pixel XL Averix I think you’re right. The number of Alexa connected devices far eclipsed any Google Home compatible devices. Google should be very scared. Amazon failed with their phone, but they’re winning this battle so far. Anagstinson Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj89d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj89d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash89HomeMediaGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!mj89d:….,……. Stabby McKnifington Steps for purchasing/using anything from google. 1. Learn about it and get excited. 2. Watch the fan fare as it’s released 3. Let reality set in for 6-8 months 4. See if the product still exists or is cheaper. Then consider a purchase. Pay_once_twice_forever Pre-questions for purchasing/using anything from google. 1. do you need/value your privacy? 2. do you want to be tracked 24/7? 3. do you want to PAY to be tracked 24/7? 4. do you still want to buy that thing from an advertising company? MicroNix LOL, if you think that no other mobile OS does this then you should increase your intake of Fruit Loops and call it a day. James That makes sense – let the G6 get Assistant before Nexus 6p. Oh wait… VAVAMk_2 My 6P feels the same way yours does… dsnotgood Install this rom. Makes the nexus 6p into a exact copy of pixel software wise. Totally transformed my phone! https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/development/rom-digitalhigh6p-xposed-root-t3251308 dsnotgood And here’s a SUPER EASY video guide just sub the rom above for what he uses. http://youtu.be/9uxin9pFyFQ Duffman Came here to make the same comment. I’m so sick of Google and their poor direction! Jeff Ambrous I came to say the same thing. Posted from my 6P Good_Ole_Pinocchio Google doesn’t know what they’re doing. Changes their mind about their direction more than any company. JenningsChrist It makes total sense to me. Allow for Google Assistant exclusivity on the Pixel for x number of months and then start to build the Google Assistant brand through other devices/manufacturers. Either way, the more devices it runs on, the better the experience should be. Every day I’m getting more and more pumped for the G6! DanSan The more phones, the better they can teach the system and more information they can collect. Google makes money off ads, grow the phones using the software, grow the ads. Good_Ole_Pinocchio If they wanted to do that the Nexus phones would have Assistant….Day 1. DanSan Not from day one, they needed something to make it “stand out” from the Nexus 6P. Also needed some sort of marketing gimmick to help sell it to the general public. I see them maybe including it older Nexus phones but at this point I think they want to move away from Nexus all together. James As a longtime Nexus buyer, I’m frustrated. Google could support existing Nexus devices without any harm to Pixel sales. Assistant is supposed be about an ecosystem, not one device, so the “stand out” argument doesn’t hold up. Plus, how many everyday consumers even know what Nexus is / was? Nexus was marketed from the beginning as the bleeding edge of Android. For a long time, that meant early adopters and Google supporters had to put up with subpar hardware – which we did. I’m glad to see Google step up its hardware game with Pixel, but can’t fathom why the switch necessitated Google screwing its most loyal customers. MicroNix I think its already too late for Google. Alexa is soooo far ahead of GA in terms of support both in devices and devs that its going to be tough to do anything with the minuscule Pixel line and Google Home. No one is going to rush to support GA until they see that Google is actually going to support it more than 6 months and that its widely available. I know personally, I’d by an Echo over a Google Home device any day, hands down. Much like video chat, Google has had all the time in the world to develop GA but looks more and more like Microsoft in that it’s once again, late to the game and a dollar short. Good_Ole_Pinocchio That’s not what’s happening here. They already pushed away their OEMs. Samsung is going Bixby, Huawei is going Alexa, and only God knows what HTC is doing. This more looks like Google reacting to the sudden explosion of Alexa. JenningsChrist You could be right. The reason doesn’t matter much to me. Healthy competition between voice assistants seems like a good thing in my book. They can’t fall further behind Alexa in this race. Having said that, I’m glad LG isn’t going to create their own virtual assistant. Based on their history of proprietary software and crappy skins, it would likely be a disaster. Nicolas Finn Google won’t lose that fight. All they have to do is make it mandatory for Google Play usage, and it’ll be much harder for any other option to win out (except, maybe, Samsung) LaFave07 Which is BS and very anti competitive. Kawshik Ahmed Samsung always had a VOice Assistant, didn’t they? They had S-Voice. Bixby (based on ViV) will just replace that old one. ‘Google Assistant’ and ‘Google Now’ are both have the apk (It is the Google.apk) so if Goolge pushed an update of the Google app which removes the Pixel device checking then almost every phone with Google Now will have Google Assistant instantly. Good_Ole_Pinocchio S voice is garbage. Samsung doesn’t even promote it. But they’ll definitely be Promoting Bixby as their “Assistant” going forward. To compete directly with Alexa, Google Assistant, and SIRI KT Right. I thought the google assistant was part of their whole “google experience” pitch to consumers. If they go through with this, it’ll be interesting to see the affect it has on future Pixel sales. Chad Was anyone buying the Pixel solely because of Google Assistant? JohnW No, but anti-Pixelers will look for any way to tear it down. Murphy’s Magnet Anti-Pixelers? Keith Taylor Is that like a Sub Pixel? Rod I wonder the same. About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Facebook Twitter Internet Infographics Gaming Search Search Facebook Twitter Internet Infographics Gaming About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Google Developing Robust Mobile Analytics for YouTube Advertisement NEXT:Snapchat Debuts Selfie Lenses for 13 European Soccer Clubs PREVIOUS:Age, Gender Targeting Are Broken; Publishers’ First-Party Data Can Fix Them Google | Web Video Google Developing Robust Mobile Analytics for YouTube By David Cohen on Jan. 20, 2017 - 4:35 PMComment Google announced Friday that it is developing a cloud-based measurement solution for YouTube with an emphasis on more detailed cross-device analytics. Director of YouTube product management Diya Jolly said in a blog post that more than 50 percent of views on YouTube are now via mobile, prompting its move to focus more of its efforts on mobile and phase out desktop “legacy technologies” such as cookies. She added that Google and YouTube will continue to work with Media Rating Council-accredited vendors including comScore, DoubleVerify, Integral Ad Science, Moat and Nielsen, which currently handle the vast majority of third-party measurement on YouTube. Jolly said of the solution being developed: With this new solution, advertisers will have access to more detailed insights from their YouTube campaigns across devices, so they can better understand the impact of their campaigns on their highest-value customers. For instance, a car manufacturer could get a rich understanding of how YouTube ads across devices influenced a specific audience (like previous SUV buyers). As more viewership on YouTube shifts to mobile, we’re making it easier for advertisers to deliver more relevant, useful ads across screens. Now, information from activity associated with users’ Google accounts (such as demographic information and past searches) may be used to influence the ads those users see on YouTube. So, for example, if you’re a retailer, you could reach potential customers that have been searching for winter coat deals on Google and engage with them with your own winter clothing brand campaign at just the right moment. In addition, we’re creating new ways for advertisers to use their customer data to reach their highest-value customers on YouTube using Customer Match. For example, that same retail advertiser could reach customers that signed up to receive special offers in their stores. From the user standpoint, she stressed that users can still control the ads they see across YouTube and Google via My Account, and she detailed new controls that are on the way: In the coming weeks, we’ll enable a user control that was built with cross-screen viewing in mind: if a user mutes an advertiser on Google Search, ads from that advertiser will also be muted when they watch on YouTube. For example, if you see a gym membership ad but have already signed up for a gym as part of your New Year’s resolution, you can mute that ad in search, and you won’t see ads from that advertiser on YouTube. Finally, on de-emphasizing desktop technologies, Jolly wrote: While technologies like pixels and cookies still have a role in the broader ecosystem, most were built for a single screen—neither pixels nor anonymous cookies were designed for the ways in which users increasingly watch content on YouTube, like on the mobile app or in the living room. This can lead to inconsistent measurement and less relevant ads across screens, making it harder for people to control the ads they see or the data used to show them. By investing more in the mobile-first solutions we’re announcing today, users will have more choice and transparency over how they experience ads on Google and YouTube, and advertisers will have more opportunities to be present and relevant in the moments their audience chooses to watch. Readers: What are your thoughts on today’s announcement? < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get SocialTimes delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Audience Development Analyst WNET New York Public Media 10019, New York City SEO/Editorial Freelancer New Hope Media LLC New York City, New York Social Media Strategist Oceana Washington, D.C. Audience Development Manager LADDERS New York City, New York Associate, Naming and Verbal Identity Landor Associates Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
0% Rain 0% Fog None Snow TEL: 0345 621 4321 Home Our Story Need a Website? Need More Business? Blog Contact Us   Google Maps to add parking feature Posted on January 19, 2017   Search giant Google is currently testing yet another new feature on its Maps tool. This one will prove to be quite useful to drivers as the platform shows off the availability of car parking spaces. The mapping service, which is a hugely popular tool amongst Google users, will now begin to show information regarding car parking spaces in relation to a user’s GPS location. The information it displays is also set to be updated in real-time. This will allow drivers to have a little bit of extra control over journey times and any decisions they make over the course of their journey in relation to their arrival, and their need for parking. Not only will they know what their estimated time of arrival will be, but they will now also know where they can park without leaving it to chance. This update was noticed in the latest Google Maps v9.44 beta by AndroidPolice, a technology site dedicated to all things related to Android. The parking feature appears when the user searches for driving directions on the map. The relevant parking information will be shown next to a P icon which will be displayed alongside the estimated time for the route. Availability will be shown in three different categories – Easy, Medium and Limited. When availability is limited, the P icon will turn red as opposed to the blue icon a user will see when availability falls into one of the other two categories. All public destinations are included in the upgrade, including shopping centres, tourist attractions and airports. The feature is thought to be rolling out to all Google Maps users in the near future, with Google needing to first carry out a few more tests and make some final tweaks before making it publicly accessible. The company is looking to improve the tool to ensure that users can get the best possible experience from the platform, especially for drivers, and to do this Google has added a lot of features in recent times, including GPS journey guides similar to sat-navs, and it has started displaying speed limits. Furthermore, at the end of November 2016, another feature was added to Maps to show a user whether or not an amenity was busy. This feature used historical data to inform a user whether a bar, shop or restaurant was busy in real time. This feature came just in time for users to utilise before the Black Friday and Christmas shopping season commenced. Both new features will help a user to plan a trip with more intricate detail than ever before. What this means for the sale of satnavs isn’t quite so positive news. Mark our words, it’s only a matter of time before satnavs become obsolete, destroyed by the smartphone. About Latest Posts Alan Littler Account Executive at Engage Web Drawing from a broad pool of experience that ranges from university studies in English Language to his work as a medical receptionist in a busy GP practice, Alan fits right at home as Engage Web’s Account Executive. Latest posts by Alan Littler (see all) Masses of fake accounts uncovered by Twitter - January 25, 2017 Selfie central: where are the most selfies taken? - January 24, 2017 Brits quitting social media - January 23, 2017 Share on Facebook Share 0 Share on TwitterTweet 2 Share on Google Plus Share 0 Share on Pinterest Share 0 Share on LinkedIn Share 0 Share on Digg Share 2 Total Shares Like us on Facebook to see more posts like this Engage Web You might also be interested in: Secure password creation from Google Chrome How damaging can a Google penalty really be to you... Google purchases drone experts Titan Aerospace UK welcomes Google Map Maker No Comments » There are no comments on this yet, be the first to write a comment. RSS feed for comments on this post. TrackBack URL Have your say! Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Sign up for the Engage Web Newsletter Email Address* First Name Last Name * = required field Preferred Format HTML Text Latest News: Web design: there’s always someone who will do it cheaper January 27, 2017 How long would it take to guess your password? January 26, 2017 Masses of fake accounts uncovered by Twitter January 25, 2017 Selfie central: where are the most selfies taken? January 24, 2017 Brits quitting social media January 23, 2017 Categories Analytics (20) AOL (4) Apple (7) Artificial Intelligence (1) Augmented reality (3) Bing (36) Black Hat (28) British media (2) Company News (21) Competitions (8) Content (177) Domain Names (6) E-Commerce (8) Email Marketing (7) Facebook (360) Features (34) Flickr (1) Google (677) Hosting (4) Infographics (6) Instagram (23) International SEO (3) Internet (96) Job Vacancies (8) Link Building (60) LinkedIn (7) Local SEO (7) Maps (2) Microsoft (41) Mobile (16) Mobile Internet (21) Mobile Search (32) MySpace (6) New technology (8) News (33) Newsletters (27) Pintrest (1) PPC (16) Press (19) Reputation Management (44) Research (49) Scams (10) SEO (75) SEO Advice (268) SEO Guides (10) SEO Mistakes (105) SEO Talk (50) Snapchat (10) Social Media (65) Social Media (154) Twitter (206) Video (18) Web Design (92) Web Development (37) WhatsApp (7) Wordpress (8) Yahoo (35) YouTube (50) Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 Would you like some free advice? Thank you for visiting! You will get great marketing tips and advice for FREE by adding your name and email here. Our email is sent once every month and your details will NEVER be shared or sold to a 3rd party. Home Our Story Need a Website? Need More Business? Blog Contact Us We have worked with: TEL: 0345 621 4321 HTML SITEMAP | XML SITEMAP | RSS FEED | AUTHORS | CONTACT Copyright © 2009 - 2017 Engage Web Registered In England and Wales, registered company number: 6889568 VAT Number: 972 0942 09 e: info@engageweb.co.uk t: 0345 621 4321 f: 0845 621 4322 SEO Tools Join our team Testimonials Contact Us
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Tech Industry ​Former Google search chief now rides with Uber ​Former Google search chief now rides with Uber Amit Singhal, who led Google's search efforts for 15 years, is now the ride-hailing company's senior vice president of engineering. Tech Industry by Michelle Meyers January 20, 2017 12:31 PM PST @meymichelle Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Google's former search honcho Amit Singhal is now riding alongside Uber CEO Travis Kalanick. Twitter/Screenshot by CNET Amit Singhal, known for successfully leading Google's search efforts for 15 years, is now hailing from Uber, in an apparent coup for the young company. "Catching the next ride of my professional journey," Singhal tweeted on Friday, alongside a photo of him and Uber CEO Travis Kalanick. Singhal, who left Google in February to take on some philanthropic efforts and spend more time with his family, will be heading up Uber's maps and marketplace departments. He's also serve as an adviser on self-driving technology. In a blog post on his new job, Singhal said he's always been a fan of Uber, but the more he dug into how it works, the more he realized it offers one of the most difficult -- and therefore most fun -- computer science and engineering challenges in the world today. He added that "Uber is a geek's candy store -- and why I can't wait to get started applying computer science to the real world, for real people, to improve real lives." San Francisco-based Uber made its name by pairing passengers with drivers via a phone app. Over the past six years, it's grown from a small startup to a multinational company with operations in more than 400 cities in 72 countries. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Check it out here. Life, disrupted: In Europe, millions of refugees are still searching for a safe place to settle. Tech should be part of the solution. But is it? CNET investigates. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Tech Industry Uber Related Stories Mark Zuckerberg drops lawsuits over Hawaiian land Zuckerberg criticizes Trump's executive orders on immigration PayPal on Amazon? It might happen yet Panasonic puts its robots to hard labor at Japanese airport Close   Discuss: ​Former Google search chief now rides with... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Scientists create human-pig hybrid Researchers at the Salk Institute have created something that could lead to human tissue production one day. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:19 Doomsday Clock adjusts, Ford issues two recalls Today's biggest tech headlines include a chilling move on the Doomsday Clock, a Samsung Galaxy S8 release date rumor and recalls for two of Ford's more popular vehicles. by Ashley Esqueda Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Editor's Pick/Gallery Mobile Where the hell is Google’s Pixel XL? By Brandon Russell | January 20, 2017 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Last year, our pick for the best smartphone of 2016 was a no-brainer. Sadly, Samsung’s Galaxy was a ticking time bomb—possibly due to ill-fitting batteries—so we went with the runner-up: Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL. The Pixel was a surprise in many ways. In spite of its average design and fairly boring features, it won us over with its excellent camera and emphasis on simplicity. You’d be hard pressed to find a cleaner, more enjoyable Android experience. Unfortunately, as other outlets have noted, Google is doing a pretty terrible job of keeping the Pixel in stock, which is ridiculous considering the device launched back in October. Did the company not account for demand? It sure seems that way. The Pixel is Google’s first crack at the smartphone market, so you’d expect there to be supply issues. But finding a Pixel XL at a reasonable price is next to impossible. It’s not in stock from Google, and Verizon lists an estimated shipping time of March depending on what color you choose. You can procure the handset through other means, such as Amazon or eBay, but you’ll likely have to pay over retail price. If you search for the 128GB Pixel XL on Amazon, prices range from $1,400 to $1,800 from third-party sellers. It proves the lack of supply is driving up the price. And that’s bad for consumers. You’d expect this from a smaller company. OnePlus, for example, has struggled to keep up with demand in the past. But even the diminutive Chinese startup has mostly ironed out its manufacturing issues. If you want a Pixel XL, the best Google can offer is to send you an email when the device becomes available. The search giant hasn’t provided a timeframe for when that will be. At a time when the shadow of bigger flagships loom, Google’s lack of Pixel XL stock couldn’t be worse. This is the device that’s supposed to pry consumers away from the iPhones and Galaxies of the world. But if these consumers can’t get their hands on one, then Google is failing. Supply issues are common in the world of mobile, especially right after launch. And, to be fair, the 5-inch model is in stock through Google’s website, though only in specific variants. But it has been over three months since the Pixel and Pixel XL launched, and supply is still an issue. Google hasn’t revealed how many Pixel phones have been sold, nor has the company said when certain models will be back in stock. Hopeful buyers might not have any other choice but to take their business elsewhere. With Mobile World Congress on the horizon, the Pixel will soon be up against tougher competition, and no amount of stock may be able to account for that. Topics #Google #Google Pixel Brandon Russell Follow Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Recent Posts Comcast is going to launch a wireless network this year Hideo Kojima’s new studio is as stylish and futuristic as you would expect Sniper Ghost Warrior 3’s tactics gameplay trailer is wonderfully technical Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery/Rumor Mobile LG G6 said to pack Google Assistant, Amazon Alexa By Todd Haselton | January 20, 2017 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo The LG G6 may be packed to the gills with hardware and software features. While no phone outside of the Google Pixel or Google Pixel XL has received support for Google Assistant, that may change with the LG G6. The phone may even adopt Amazon Alexa. Talk about chock-full of brains. The rumor comes from Business Korea, which said on Friday that “LG Electronics is strengthening cooperation with global companies, such as Google and Amazon, as part of its efforts to promote its sluggish smartphone business.” Smart move, but is there enough evidence that a voice assistant (or two) can sell a smartphone? The Google Pixel XL has been out of stock for a while, though I highly doubt because of the AI. Amazon, too, has started working with smartphone partners to bring Alexa into our palms. The Huawei Mate 9 bound for the US, for example, will soon feature Alexa. LG’s partnership may be deeper than it appears on the surface, though. Business Korea notes that LG has been tapped to build new Android Wear smartwatches, which other reports have corroborated recently. Perhaps this is more about extending that experience from the wrist to the phone, since that’s a natural fit. Either way, we can’t wait to see what LG has in store for the LG G6. It’s expected to make its debut during the company’s press conference at Mobile World Congress next month. Source Business Korea Via CNET Topics #LG #Alexa #Amazon #G6 #Google Assistant #LG G6 Todd Haselton Follow Follow Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Recent Posts Comcast is going to launch a wireless network this year Hideo Kojima’s new studio is as stylish and futuristic as you would expect Sniper Ghost Warrior 3’s tactics gameplay trailer is wonderfully technical Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK meet the new boss — Head of US Patent Office Michelle Lee will remain under President Trump Ex-Google lawyer who supported Obama-era patent reform proposals will stay. Joe Mullin - Jan 20, 2017 8:50 pm UTC Enlarge / USPTO Deputy Director Michelle K. Lee, left, tours the Denver satellite office of the US Patent and Trademark Office in 2014. US Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado is on the right. Kathryn Scott Osler/The Denver Post via Getty Images reader comments 42 Share this story With President Donald Trump having taken office today, many government offices are in the midst of a major transition. In one office that's closely watched by technology and internet companies, however, the leadership looks to remain the same—the US Patent and Trademark Office. There's been no official announcement about USPTO leadership from Trump's team, with the new president having been inaugurated earlier today. But The Hill reported yesterday that Michelle Lee, a former top lawyer at Google, will remain as USPTO director under President Trump. Politico reported the same news, sourcing it to statements by Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) and confirming it with other unnamed sources. Lee's remaining at USPTO is a a surprise victory for the technology sector, which offered scant support for President Trump while he was campaigning for office. She supported President Barack Obama's patent reform agenda, and Trump's views on patents are a cipher. Further ReadingClinton v. Trump on copyrights and patents: Reading the platform and the tea leavesSpeculation about who might get the top patent job focused on two candidates with very different backgrounds from Lee's: Philip Johnson, the top IP lawyer at Johnson & Johnson, and Randall Rader, former chief judge for the US Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. Johnson was nearly chosen in 2014 but was set aside after outcry from the tech sector, which was concerned about a top pharmaceutical lawyer and opponent of patent reform heading up the US patent system. Early responses from tech sector advocates on the choice to keep Lee have been positive. 'Michelle Lee has started a number of programs to enhance patent quality, and it’s important that those programs be allowed to continue," said Matt Levy, chief patent counsel for the Computer and Communications Industry Association. "With Director Lee continuing on, those programs will have the chance to produce real improvements in the patents the USPTO issues." "Abusive, meritless litigation brought by patent trolls has been a job killer for literally thousands of American businesses over the last decade," Beth Provenzano, co-chair of the United for Patent Reform coalition, said in an e-mailed statement. "Director Lee has worked to improve the tools that allow innovative business to defend themselves against truly frivolous litigation." Joe Mullin Joe has covered the intersection of law and technology, including the world's biggest copyright and patent battles, since 2007. Email joe.mullin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @joemullin reader comments 42 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Marketing Land Super Bowl LI Here are the advertisers gearing up for game day Hey Alexa... Sales of Amazon Echo skyrocket in Q4, analysts say Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Video Sign up to receive weekly insights on video advertising and trends. SUBSCRIBE YouTube gains access to Google account data for ad targeting, teases new measurement solution YouTube also says it is working on new measurement solution to improve cross-screen measurement. Ginny Marvin on January 20, 2017 at 3:58 pm More Bloomicon / Shutterstock.com Google-owned YouTube made several announcements on Friday. The most immediate update is that Google account data can now be used for ad targeting and measurement across search and YouTube. The changes come as over 50 percent of YouTube views now happen on mobile. Google user account data now used for YouTube targeting A little over a year ago, Google folded the YouTube advertising interface into AdWords. Now it’s taking further steps to integrate targeting and measurement across search and video campaigns. Ads on YouTube will now be able to use data such as demographic and search behavior information from users signed into Google. As an example, a retailer could show a user who searches for a winter coat an ad on Google and then target that same user with ads when they are on YouTube. Additionally, Google says it is expanding ways that Customer Match targeting can be used on YouTube: “For example, that same retail advertiser could reach customers that signed up to receive special offers in their stores.” We’ll bring you more details when we have them on that. With the ad targeting getting fused, when a user opts to mute ads from an advertiser in Google search, the ads will also be muted in YouTube. That change will roll out in the coming weeks. Moving away from cookies: Teasing a new cloud-based measurement solution With desktop use now trailing mobile, Google says it will “be limiting the use of cookies and pixels in YouTube starting this year.” Instead, like Facebook, Twitter and others, Google will be relying more on signed-in user IDs and mobile identifiers. Google is aiming to streamline YouTube measurement across screens, including televisions. Google announced it will be working on a cloud-based measurement solution over the next year in collaboration with third-party vendors including comScore, DoubleVerify, IAS, MOAT and Nielsen. “With this new solution, advertisers will have access to more detailed insights from their YouTube campaigns across devices, so they can better understand the impact of their campaigns on their highest-value customers. For instance, a car manufacturer could get a rich understanding of how YouTube ads across devices influenced a specific audience (like previous SUV buyers).” About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Related Topics Channel: VideoGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: Display AdvertisingGoogle: YouTubeVideo Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. WATCH #SB51 TEASER ADS Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers Data for Retailers The Ultimate App Personalization Playbook I have 50,000+ email subscribers…now what? The Facebook Playbook for Call Conversions Google AdWords and the Conversion Blind Spot See More Whitepapers Webcasts Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Tech Entertainment Business Social Deals Podcast About Mobile Image Source: Eric Risberg/AP/REX/Shutterstock You won’t believe how much Amazon is charging for Google’s Pixel XL Chris Smith @chris_writes January 20th, 2017 at 9:16 AM Share Tweet The Pixel phone series seems like a big success for Google, which still can’t seem to make enough of them to go around. Both the Pixel and Pixel XL are sold out in the Google Store, though Verizon has them — and the carrier has been selling plenty of them, according to recent estimates. Amazon has the Pixels in stock too, but the online retail giant is selling the phone at quite a markup. The 128GB Pixel XL, sold and shipped by Amazon, can cost you more than $1,500… and that doesn’t even include sales tax. Don't Miss: Security researcher finds the DDoS mastermind who took down the internet last fall Apparently, that’s not a mistake — or if is an error from Amazon, it hasn’t been fixed yet. Other retailers are also selling the phone for quite a markup, with prices ranging from $1,387 to $1,799.99. But these are third-party retailers looking to make a quick buck. But it’s pretty strange to see Amazon’s official Pixel XL page listing a $1,500 price. The same Google Pixel XL version costs $869 plus tax if you can find it at Google or Verizon. Google Pixel XL Phone 128GB - 5.5 inch display ( Factory Unlocked US Version ) (Very Silver) Sale price withheld at the manufacturer’s request. Visit Amazon for pricing. BGR may receive a commission Buy Now If you still haven’t purchased a Google Pixel or Pixel XL, you’d be better off waiting at this point. The phone might be the hottest Android smartphone in town right now, but not for long. All the other major Android device makers out there are preparing to launch hot new smartphones this year, with Samsung and LG leading the pack. The Galaxy S8 and LG G6 are due in mid-April and early March, respectively, according to recent reports. By then, Pixel prices might drop and stock at Google will likely improve. Not to mention that Amazon might drop the price back to what Google is charging for the phone. Image Source: Amazon Tags: amazon, google, pixel, Pixel XL View Comments Trending 1 Mobile The iPhone 8 might take a revolutionary approach to sensors 2 Mobile Apple’s iPhone 8 might look a lot like this 3 Mobile The Honor 8 has the same specs as the Galaxy S7, but it’s on sale for $340 unlocked 4 Mobile Two Galaxy S8 features that will seriously annoy you 5 Mobile The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother Picked For You The iPhone 7 might be losing a fight with its older brother By Mike Wehner January 26th at 8:00 PM Netflix for Android just got a new feature iPhone owners will never see By Chris Smith January 25th at 7:18 PM Amazon sale drops Fire Essentials Bundle to its lowest price ever By Maren Estrada January 26th at 8:20 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
CNET Products Photos Videos Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out LG's G6 phone may get Google Assistant -- and maybe Alexa, too LG reportedly in talks with Google about putting a smart assistant on its upcoming phone for February. An existing partnership with Amazon makes us wonder if its Alexa assistant could also hitch a ride. Stephen Shankland/CNET Phones by Gordon Gottsegen January 20, 2017 11:46 AM PST Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) The rumored LG G6 may get beefier brains than Google Now alone. LG is reportedly bringing the Google Assistant to its flagship phone for spring, according to Business Korea. Enlarge Image Right now, the Google Pixel and Pixel XL are the only phones to have Google Assistant. Josh Miller/CNET So far, the Google Pixel and Pixel XL are the only phones to use Google's AI assistant, which it unveiled on October 4. If LG were to bring Google Assistant to the G6, it would make LG the first phone brand outside of Google to use the Assistant, ahead of competitors like Samsung and its forthcoming Galaxy S8. LG would also be second up to bat if it includes Amazon's Alexa assistant in the G6, behind Huawei's Mate 9 for the US. The South Korean company has already integrated Alexa into some of its devices, like the SmartThinQ Hub and Instaview refrigerator, so this wouldn't be the first time the two have collaborated. Google and Amazon may soon fight a battle over assistants on phones, together with Apple's Siri. While Amazon's Alexa won't make its smartphone debut until February, its hands-free voice activation pushes into the territory currently occupied by Google Now and Siri, especially as more and more devices work with Alexa in your home. Phones like the LG G6 may become ripe battlegrounds, especially if the handset sells well. LG is also rumored to use Google's AI to power its next line of Android Wear smartwatches, which it could unveil next month, too. The LG G6 is expected to be announced next month at the Mobile World Congress show, so if the phone does get Google Assistant, you'll likely hear it there. LG did not respond to CNET's request for comment. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Mobile World Congress 2017 Phones Artificial intelligence Amazon Google LG Siri CNET First Take LG G6 With the G6 expected at MWC, LG will likely do away with modular accessories and embrace water resistance. See it Mobile World Congress 2017 Mobile World Congress 2017 Jan 26 LG G6 ditches removable battery for water-resistant body Jan 26 LG G6: Everything we know about LG's upcoming flagship (launching February 26) Jan 24 BlackBerry 'Mercury' comeback phone confirmed for late February Jan 20 LG's G6 phone may get Google Assistant -- and maybe Alexa, too All Mobile World Congress 2017 Stories Related Stories Apple: You share iCloud data, and we'll make iPhones smarter Sprint announces $50 all-you-can-eat mobile deal Google Pixel: The best tips, tricks and hidden features 7 of the Best Phones for 2017 Close   Discuss: LG's G6 phone may get Google Assistant --... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Scientists create human-pig hybrid Researchers at the Salk Institute have created something that could lead to human tissue production one day. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:19 Doomsday Clock adjusts, Ford issues two recalls Today's biggest tech headlines include a chilling move on the Doomsday Clock, a Samsung Galaxy S8 release date rumor and recalls for two of Ford's more popular vehicles. by Ashley Esqueda Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Uber hires Google search veteran Singhal for senior engineering post By Reuters Published: 15:52 EST, 20 January 2017 | Updated: 15:52 EST, 20 January 2017 e-mail By Heather Somerville SAN FRANCISCO, Jan 20 (Reuters) - Ride-hailing company Uber Technologies Inc has hired the man behind Google search to work closely with Chief Executive Travis Kalanick and help grow the company's self-driving car program. Amit Singhal announced on his personal blog on Friday that he will join Uber after 15 years at Alphabet Inc, where he led Google's search division. Singhal will take the post of senior vice president of engineering, an Uber spokesman said, a role which oversees the company's marketplace and mapping efforts - the core of Uber's business. He will also act as an adviser to both Kalanick and Anthony Levandowski, who heads Uber's self-driving program. In his blog post, Singhal said he was excited for the engineering challenges Uber is tackling, and called the company "a geek's candy store." "And don't even get me started on how interesting and exciting self-driving is for a computer scientist," he wrote. Uber debuted its self-driving car pilot in Pittsburgh, in September. It launched a second fleet in San Francisco last month, but a feud with California regulators over Uber's failure to obtain proper permitting compelled the company to take its autonomous testing cars off the streets. Uber then packed up its cars and brought them to Arizona, where there are no special regulations for autonomous testing. Singhal announced his departure from Google nearly a year ago, and said his next career move would involve philanthropy. He founded the Singhal Foundation, which aims to provide education to underprivileged children in India. (Reporting by Heather Somerville; Editing by Alan Crosby and Jonathan Oatis) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Trending: How to customize your Alexa Flash Briefing Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Nasuni CEO: ‘We’re going to liberate you from the bottleneck around your files’ Self-protection is key to Linux kernel security Face-off: Oracle vs. CA for identity management 5 top IoT security nightmares More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Security News Google pushed developers to fix security flaws in 275K Android apps Over 90,000 developers acted based on alerts issued through the Google Play App Security Improvement program By Lucian Constantin | Follow Romania Correspondent, IDG News Service | Jan 20, 2017 7:51 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: James Niccolai More like this Access tokens and keys found in hundreds of Android apps 12 hardware and software vulnerabilities you should address now Holiday shopping by mobile phone? Beware fake apps and bad Wi-Fi hotspots Video IT security: 3 things you need to know now Over the past two years, Google has pressured developers to patch security issues in more than 275,000 Android apps hosted on its official app store. In many cases this was done under the threat of blocking future updates to the insecure apps. Since 2014, Google has been scanning apps published on Google Play for known vulnerabilities as part of its App Security Improvement (ASI) program. Whenever a known security issue is found in an application, the developer receives an alert via email and through the Google Play Developer Console. [To comment on this story, visit Computerworld's Facebook page.] When it started, the program only scanned apps for embedded Amazon Web Services (AWS) credentials, which was a common problem at the time. The exposure of AWS credentials can lead to serious compromises of the cloud servers used by apps to store user data and content. Later that year, Google also started scanning for embedded Keystore files. These files typically contain cryptographic keys, both public and private, that are used to encrypt data or secure connections. In the early days of the ASI program, developers only received notifications, but were under no pressure to do anything. That changed in 2015 when Google expanded the types of issues it scanned for and also started enforcing deadlines for fixing many of them. The company provides detailed information on the flaws it detects along with guidance on how to fix them. However, developers who fail to resolve the problems within the timeframes provided by Google can lose the ability to release future updates for the affected apps through Google Play. Google added checks for six new vulnerabilities in 2015, all of them with a patching deadline, and 17 in 2016, 12 of which had a time limit for fixes. These issues ranged from security flaws in third-party libraries, development frameworks and advertising SDKs to insecure implementations of Android Java classes and interfaces. For example, developers who used the Supersonic SDK in their applications have until January 26 to upgrade the SDK to version 6.3.5 or newer. Older versions of this SDK expose sensitive functions through Javascript that are vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks. Until April 2016, the Google Play App Security Improvement program helped developers patch 100,000 applications. Since then the number almost tripled, around 90,000 developers patching security issues in over 275,000 apps, said Rahul Mishra, Android security program manager in a blog post Thursday. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Security Android Mobile & Wireless Mobile Apps Lucian Constantin is an IDG News Service correspondent. He writes about information security, privacy, and data protection. Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources 3 Ways Text Messaging Exposes Government Organizations to Massive Risk Digital Record Management for Government eGuide: 2017 Security Best Practice Tips Get a Virtual Hacker on Your Squad Getting Faster Insights from App Data with Cloudant and Spark Go Top Stories Intel pursues Moore's Law with plan to make 7-nm chips this year Intel's trying to hang on to Moore's Law as a way to push its chip technology forward, though many... Face-to-face without frustration: The HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms The new HP Elite Slice for Meeting Rooms is a modular, compact Windows system that has been specially... At the start: Pat McGovern and the birth of Computerworld What began as a small IT newspaper in 1967 grew into a worldwide publishing empire that has covered the... 50, and proud of it We've come up with a uniquely Computerworld way to celebrate the magazine's golden anniversary, one... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! LG’s G6 phone may get Google Assistant — and maybe Alexa, too – CNET Posted on January 20, 2017 by CNET The rumored LG G6 may get beefier brains than Google Now alone. LG is reportedly bringing the Google Assistant to its flagship phone for spring, according to Business Korea. google-pixel-both-9234-009.jpg. Enlarge Image. Right now, the Google Pixel and … You won’t believe how much Amazon is charging for Google’s Pixel XLBGR Google May Be Favoring Its Own Search Ads Over Competitors, Report SaysFortune Google Pixel not so great: There are plenty of better business phonesZDNet Android Headlines -Tech Times -BBC News -Wireless Week all 144 news articles …read more wrote 25636 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines – Business Insider 4 best iOS.3 features coming soon – CNET Alexa Is Causing Some Users Problems Because Of Its Name – Android Headlines Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week – TechCrunch Apple CEO Tim Cook Talks Tech and Economy With Utah Senator Orrin Hatch – Mac Rumors Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Movies & TV Science & Tech Big on the Internet Store Videos Comics Space Gaming Contributors About TMS Merch Search Menu Support The Mary Sue's Independent Journalism by Subscribing VP Mike Pence Delivers Speech to Anti-Abortion March for Life Rally Comic: Don't Say These Three Things to the Only Black Woman in the Office White House, Inc. Allows Us to Call 'Satellite White House(s)'...Trump's Properties So, is Riverdale's Version of Jughead Asexual, Or Not? According to Google, Americans Were More Interested In Protesting the Inauguration Than Attending Small comforts. by Vivian Kane | 3:06 pm, January 20th, 2017   Donald Trump has been saying for a while now that today’s inauguration would have “unbelievable, perhaps record-setting turnout“—we’re talking runs on local “dress shop” numbers—and while that was far from the reality, America’s Google search history does show that there was unusually large interest in the event. The thing is, the vast majority of that interest is focused on protesting the event. According to numbers released to Vox, the number of people searching for “protest inauguration” is far higher than those searching for “attend inauguration.” And that disparity extends to states that Trump carried in the election. 13 states that voted for Trump in November searched far more for “protest inauguration” this week than for “attend inauguration.” pic.twitter.com/1qCgNtRfyv — Vox (@voxdotcom) January 20, 2017 Of course, we don’t know the meaning behind all of these searches. Just because a person searches for inauguration protests, doesn’t mean they’re participating or even supportive. But a major point of protest is visibility. The 200,000 expected to turn out in Washington tomorrow (along with the sister marches, which are now taking place not just in every state, but on all seven continents) aren’t showing up because they think their presence will automatically remove Trump from office. A lot of people simply want the world, and those in power, to know that there is opposition, that not everyone supports a Trump presidency. And according to those Google searches, that fact is well-known. (via Vox, image via Shutterstock) Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site! —The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.— Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+. Follow The Mary Sue Follow @TheMarySue Like us on Facebook filed under donald trump, Inauguration, protest, Trump, Women's March What's Popular At Today’s White House Press Conference, the First Question Came From an Actual Fake News Site Women Are Statistically Better Physicians, So Why Do They Get Paid Less Than Their Male Counterparts? Here Are Your Netflix Additions and Losses for February 2017 Internet Having a Field Day With Donald & Melania Trump and Awkward Inauguration Imagery NM City Councilor Responds to Women’s March With Domestic Violence Joke, Is Example of How Trump Has Normalized Misogyny Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2017 The Mary Sue, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Subscription FAQ | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact |  RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Survey Says Most voice users want more answers, fewer search results Adios Link: Google has officially killed off the link command Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE Former Google search chief Amit Singhal joins Uber Singhal will become a senior vice president of engineering, overseeing Uber's Maps & Marketplace departments. Danny Sullivan on January 20, 2017 at 1:48 pm More What do you do after running Google search for 15 years? For Amit Singhal, it was going to be time off and a focus on his foundation. But now, Google’s former search chief is joining Uber as a senior vice president of engineering overseeing the Map and Marketplace departments. TechCrunch has a long interview with Singhal and the news. He left Google about a year ago and has been spending time on his foundation to help get promising kids to top schools in India. But with that apparently humming along, it sounds as if Singhal was ready for a new challenge — one that came up after meeting Uber CEO Travis Kalanick. Singhal said he found the computer science challenge of Uber too interesting to pass up. From what he told TechCrunch: “This company is not only doing things that are amazing, this company also has some of the toughest computer science challenges that I have seen in my career of 25 years,” Singhal told me. “Those computer science challenges for a computer science geek are just intriguing — you give a geek a puzzle, they can’t drop it; they need to solve the puzzle. That’s how it felt to me.” Amazingly, he puts the challenge at Uber on par with the challenge of creating a search engine: “At Uber, this team is actually hiding so much deep science behind a very simple interface of pushing a button and having a car show up,” Singhal explained. “The science that goes on behind that is equally as complex as what we had to do at Google.” Perhaps the science is deep, and no doubt there are challenges with it, but as complicated as coming up with the right answers to billions of different questions asked and answered each day by Google? TechCrunch also separately reports that Uber has picked up another former Googler, Kevin Thompson, who was VP of engineering on ads for YouTube. He’ll be the vice president, marketplace engineering, for Uber. About The Author Danny Sullivan Danny Sullivan is a Founding Editor of Search Engine Land. He’s a widely cited authority on search engines and search marketing issues who has covered the space since 1996. Danny also serves as Chief Content Officer for Third Door Media, which publishes Search Engine Land and produces the SMX: Search Marketing Expo conference series. He has a personal blog called Daggle (and keeps his disclosures page there). He can be found on Facebook, Google + and microblogs on Twitter as @dannysullivan. Related Topics Channel: IndustryGoogle: EmployeesSearch Engine Land on Instagram Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Facebook Playbook for Call Conversions Google AdWords and the Conversion Blind Spot Customer Success and Marketing Alignment: The Key to Unlocking Customer Advocacy Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together See More Whitepapers Webcasts Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Myce.com Latest Updates Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 0 0 0 Go Register Log In Samsung 960 EVO 250GB M.2 NVMe SSD Review Lexar C20c 64GB flash drive review – The three in one solution Crucial MX300 2TB SSD Review ADATA Ultimate SU800 256GB SSD review HyperX Predator 480GB PCIe SSD OakGate Expandable Desktop Storage Test Platform Review and Demonstration Crucial Ballistix Sport DDR4 16GB Memory Review Netac N580 m.2 SSD review Toshiba HK4E SATA 1600GB Enterprise SSD Review Samsung 960 Pro M.2 NVMe 1TB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio Connect II 3TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Toshiba OCZ VX500 512GB SSD Review Home News Adobe’s silently installed Chrome extension has security issue – but gained Adobe 20M users Posted 20 January 2017 18:53 CET by Jan Willem Aldershoff A Chrome extension, that Adobe silently installed with a security update, contains a security leak. The vulnerability was discovered by a Google security researcher and allows an attacker to execute malicious code on the victim’s computer. Adobe silently installed an Acrobat extension for Chrome together with a security update for Adobe Reader and Acrobat. The extension, which can be used to save web pages in PDF,  was installed by more than 30 million internet users. Because the extension was installed together with an Adobe security update, Chrome users are asked whether they want to enable the extension when they start the browser. This is a security measure Google added to prevent automatic activation of malcious extensions and toolbars. Also for enabling the Adobe extension permission is requested, but many novice internet users likely automatically clicked enable, as the extension gained 20 million users since Adobe silently installed it. Users who enabled the plugin gave permissions to Adobe to read and change all data on the websites they visit, manage their downloads and to communicate with cooperating applications outside the browser. The Acrobat extension also has anonymous usage data collection enabled by default. Google security researcher, Tavis Ormandy, discovered a vulnerability in the extension that allows an attacker to execute Javascript. This also allows an attacker to execute malicious code and even change privacy settings. Ormandy warned Adobe about the issue and the company fixed the issue within a day. Reviews of the Adobe Acrobat extension show that users are pretty upset with Adobe adding the extension with a security update, an user writes, “How DARE Adobe install this extension automatically and silently as part of a “security” update for Acrobat. DISGUSTING!!! Not only am I removing the extension from the browser, I am permanently removing Acrobat from ALL systems on my network and blocking any further installations. My school district will be Acrobat free AS SOON AS HUMANLY POSSIBLE. Further, I will recommend to the Department of Education a different solution for PDF viewing and editing. I will push and fight to get as many people as I can to stop using this disgusting trash”. Another user wrote, “It automatically installed itself onto my Google browser. I’ll be uninstalling all adobe products from my computer now.” The rating of the extension also considerably dropped with many 1 star reviews. Currently it has 3 out of 5. Related Forum: Latest News Headlines Related Tags: adobe security TSJnachos117 MyCE Resident Posted on: 25 Jan 17 23:01 I'm glad to hear that people are moving away from Adobe's malicious reader. For the record, Sumatra is a good reader for Windows, xReader (part of the Linux Mint team's "XApps" initiative) is good for GNU/Linux, Document Viewer is good for Android, and MuPDF is good for all of the above (and a few other Unix-like systems, including MacOS X, I believe), although it is quite bare bones. Also, Firefox, Chrome/Chromium, Brave, and most likely several other browsers have built-in PDF viewers, and can be used as a substitute for a standalone viewer. However, browsers that use PDF.js (Brave, Firefox) generally aren't the best when it comes to PDF viewing (the process is slow, and the results poorly rendered, and thus making documents hard to read). However, the viewer built into Chrome/Chromium is quite fast and renders quite nicely. 0 Agree Register Login Register to Myce.com Register in 10 seconds, pick a username, enter your mail address and proof you're human, that's all! Username required An username is required and can only contain letters and numbers E-mail required Email is required, we'll send the password there Create account Welcome back Sign in with your Myce account. Not a member yet? Create an account Username A username is required and can only contain letters and numbers Password A password is required Login Post your comment Your message: Post comment Hot Threads Plextor PX-891SAF PLUSjadburner, last post: jadburner 105 ‘Stubborn Windows 7 users could cause next XP-style support crisis’DoMiN8ToR, last post: coolcolors 10 Post your Plextor 716 DVD Quality scans herecrossg, last post: Two Degrees 884 DVD-Ranger makes SoundTouch 2 free and adds support for LPCM in MKV files – posts snarky post on FacebookDoMiN8ToR, last post: backup44 16 Toshiba to separate its NAND manufacturing businessDoMiN8ToR, last post: Albert 3 You've got to read this! Lexar C20c 64GB flash drive review - The three in one solution Sun 22 Jan 01:01 by Vroom Review: Lexar C20c USB3.1 Type A / Type C Reviewed by: Antonis Sapanidis Provi... Philips will start to show video ads in smartTV menu - advertisements based on TV usage planned as well Wed 25 Jan 09:01 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Owners of Philips smart TVs will start to see advertisement videos in the menu of their sm... Samsung 960 EVO 250GB M.2 NVMe SSD Review Thu 26 Jan 11:01 by Wendy Robertson &nbsp; Review: Samsung 960 EVO M.2 NVMe 250B SSD Reviewed... Samsung Galaxy 7 Edge users complain en masse about a vertical pink line on their display Mon 23 Jan 02:01 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge owners complain en masse on online forums and social media about a ... 'Stubborn Windows 7 users could cause next XP-style support crisis' Thu 26 Jan 06:01 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Stubborn Windows 7 users who don't want to upgrade to Windows 10 could cause the next &quo... Latest Comments How do I make more than one (1) copy on DVDFAB ( want to make another... Quote: Originally Posted by... Great response , hey what kind of beer i'll buy next round. Quote: Consumers more and more move from HDDs to SSDs,... Win 10, more holes than the ozone layer over Donald Trump. /me grabbing a beer and a sack of chips to watch this soap.... Cinex HD... When the both of you other vendors can put back Cinavia on a Title... Corrected; thanks! What's going on? Two Degrees added a forum post to Post your Plextor 755 DVD quality scans here terminalvelocd added a forum post to The rarest/most obscure recordable medium backup44 added a forum post to DVD-Ranger makes SoundTouch 2 free and adds support for LPCM in MKV files – posts snarky post on Facebook coolcolors added a forum post to ‘Stubborn Windows 7 users could cause next XP-style support crisis’ DVDRangerForum added a forum post to DVD-Ranger makes SoundTouch 2 free and adds support for LPCM in MKV files – posts snarky post on Facebook Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Wetboeken.online Follow us
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Google search icon Amit Singhal drives into Uber Google search icon Amit Singhal drives into Uber Amit Singhal expressed excitement at joining Uber as senior Vice President of engineering. By: Express Web Desk | New Delhi | Updated: January 21, 2017 1:15 am Amit Singhal with Travis Kalanick. (Twitter.com/@theamitsinghal) Almost a year after he retired as head of Google Search, Amit Singhal has joined Uber as senior Vice President of engineering. Singhal was earlier a senior vice president and software engineer at Google Inc., a Google Fellow, and was the head of Google’s core ranking team. In a blog post on his personal website, Singhal described the opportunity as “exciting or potentially world-changing.” He also stated that he was a huge fan of Uber product and couldn’t remember a time when he didn’t have a button to press and have a car immediately. “Like many people, I can’t remember life before you could push a button and have a car show up in minutes. But what’s most exciting to me is the real-world impact this simple idea—push a button, get a ride—is having in cities around the world,” he wrote. Catching the next ride of my professional journey with @travisk at @Uber pic.twitter.com/EGQn7VQTDJ — Amit Singhal (@theamitsinghal) January 20, 2017 He further elaborated on how the technology of Uber has empowered his children, his parents, and the people who are unable to afford a car, or get a house near a public transport system. He applauded Uber’s engineers on being hard at work with the most difficult algorithmic problems. “I hope by now you have a sense of why the computer scientist in me feels that Uber is a geek’s candy store—and why I can’t wait to get started applying computer science to the real world, for real people, to improve real lives,” he wrote. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Budget 2017 BusinessArun Jaitley should focus on job creation in Budget: Rating agency Crisil Budget must be presented after assembly elections: Akhilesh Yadav writes to PM Modi OpinionLook at budget algebra, not math Best of Express ElectionsPM Narendra Modi raises poll heat: Congress an opportunist, will have any tie-up to survive EntertainmentRaees box office collection day 3: Shah Rukh Khan film crosses Rs 50-cr mark EntertainmentKaabil box office collection day 3: Hrithik Roshan film maintains steady pace EntertainmentAmitabh Bachchan watched Raees, Kaabil. Here are his honest reviews EntertainmentHappy Birthday Shruti Haasan: As she turns 31, meet Shruti the singer. Watch videos  Must Read SportsInd vs Eng: Hosts move back the boundary rope SportsMixing up the rippers with slower ones SportsNadal beats Dimitrov to reach Australian Open final TechnologyOppo A57 'selfie-centric' smartphone launching on February 3 in India TechnologyApple shipped a record 2.5 million units in India during 2016 TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 coming with 4GB RAM, force touch: Full list of leaks LifestyleChinese New Year 2017: Lovers of Chinese food, celebrate good times with these delicious recipes Jan 28: Latest News Indian-origin magician faces fraud charges in Singapore Demonetisation was a ‘hoax’, it will not kill black money, says Chidambaram I am heartbroken by Donald Trump’s order: Malala Yousafzai Anti-abortion movement in US is winning: Vice-President Mike Pence Trump signs order promising ‘great rebuilding’ of military                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Transportation Google's former head of search joins Uber to lead its maps division Latest ex-Googler to migrate to Kalanick & Co. by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Jan 20, 2017, 2:25pm EST share tweet Linkedin Amit Singhal, the former Google engineer who helped perfect the search engine’s ranking algorithm, is joining Uber as senior vice president of engineering, the ride-hail company announced today. Catching the next ride of my professional journey with @travisk at @Uber pic.twitter.com/EGQn7VQTDJ— Amit Singhal (@theamitsinghal) January 20, 2017 Singhal will report directly to Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, and will work alongside Anthony Levandowski, vice president of engineering and head of Uber’s self-driving car division. He will head up the ride-hailing startup’s Maps and Marketplace division, and will work to scale up Uber’s self-driving engineering unit. Singhal becomes the latest ex-Google wiz to migrate to the fast-growing ride-hailing company. He joins Manik Gupta, the former head of Google Maps product division, and Brian McClendon, who once ran Google’s entire mapping division. It comes at the same time that Uber is pumping $500 million into building a map of the entire world, a crucial step toward using autonomous vehicles. On his personal blog, Singhal said he was looking forward to tackling the challenge of helping Uber build maps for autonomous vehicles. “It’s hard enough to connect millions of drivers to millions of riders in real time while creating optimal routes for drivers,” he said. “Add to that the twist of predicting real-time traffic, pooling multiple riders and making the system economically attractive for everyone — and now you have one of the most challenging computer science problems I’ve encountered in my thirty-year career.” Kalanick praised Singhal’s hiring on Facebook. Some great news: Amit Singhal is joining Uber as Senior Vice President of Engineering. I love Amit’s excitement for...Posted by Travis Kalanick on Friday, January 20, 2017 Next Up In Transportation TSA Precheck signs 11 more airlines, and if you fly you should have it The original hoverboard maker is back with another weird self-balancing scooter Tesla sues former Autopilot head for theft of secrets and employee poaching American Airlines ditching in-seat video screens in new 737 aircraft Elon Musk: 'Without tunnels, we will all be in traffic hell forever' You can now use pretax dollars to pay for Lyft carpooling Now Trending We now have the genetic recipe for making tomatoes taste like tomatoes again This is the first image of the Samsung Galaxy S8 Why Hollywood is turning to books for its biggest productions This Article has a component height of 11. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest US & World Tech Facebook Zuckerberg to Trump: ‘Keep our doors open to refugees’ by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton Mark Zuckerberg pushed back on President Donald Trump’s immigration initiatives today, protesting his call for local law enforcement to enforce immigration laws and his produced reduction in the number of refugees. “Like many of you, I’m concerned... Science US & World Energy UK to leave European nuclear energy treaty when it Brexits by Rachel Becker Brexit could be a big setback for nuclear energy in the United Kingdom. When the UK officially leaves the European Union, it might also be leaving the agency that oversees nuclear safety in EU member states, called Euratom, the Financial Times r... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Tech Gadgets This device, called Yo, will show you live video of your sperm by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman A new at-home male fertility product called Yo could make testing semen way less awkward. Yo turns a user’s phone camera into a microscope that’s able to zoom in on a semen sample and determine how many sperm exist and are moving, aka the motile... New, 11 comments Circuit Breaker Tech LG LG’s stunningly thin OLED TVs will start at $8,000 by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton The price you pay for thinness New, 3 comments Gaming Entertainment Tech The Founder is a surreal startup simulator that strikes at the heart of Silicon Valley by Nick Statt@nickstatt A dark and powerful take on The Sims New, 3 comments Science Space NASA NASA unveils tribute exhibit to honor the astronauts of the Apollo 1 tragedy by Loren Grush@lorengrush Today is a somber day for NASA. The space agency marks the 50th anniversary of the Apollo 1 disaster, which claimed the lives of three astronauts who were slated to test out technologies needed to eventually land on the Moon. During a launch... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
JFP Boom JFPMenus BestofJackson Classifieds JFPDaily Advertise Contact Sign in Jackson Free Press Jump to content News Home Justice Education Politics Business People Media Jackblog Covers Opinion Home Weblogs Arts Home Film Books Art Theater Dance Music Home Music Listings Music Venues Local Bands Music Blog Calendar Happening Today Best Bets Ongoing Exhibits Galleries Other Ongoing Events Life+Style Home Body+Soul GOOD Ideas Faith Home & Garden Hitched Fly! Style Girl About Town Running & Recreation Travel Food+Drink Home Restaurants Food Blog Sports Home Slate - Schedule Bryan's Rant Sports Blog House Again Tries to Curb Dem Attorney General's Powers Attorney General Jim Hood's ability to initiate lawsuits exceeding a cost of $250,000 could be subject to oversight if Rep. Mark Baker's bill becomes law. Photo by Imani Khayyam. By Arielle Dreher Friday, January 20, 2017 1:06 p.m. CST Upvote 0 JACKSON  The Mississippi attorney general, who is elected, could be subject to oversight from the governor, lieutenant governor and the secretary of state if Rep. Mark Baker, R-Brandon, gets his way. The move continues a long Republican tradition in Mississippi of trying to limit the State's ability to sue corporations that dates back to the State's role in suing the tobacco industry and could include suits such as the Google lawsuit Attorney General Jim Hood announced this week. The Rankin County attorney presented House Bill 55 on the floor after it passed through the Judiciary A Committee, which he chairs. The bill would require Hood, the only statewide-elected Democrat, to seek approval from the Outside Counsel Oversight Commission before he initiates legal actions with a potential price tag of at least $250,000 in attorneys' fees and costs to the state. The commission is made up of three Republicans: Gov. Phil Bryant, Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves and Secretary of State Delbert Hosemann. Baker told the House that the attorney general's office needed the oversight, reading off a part of the list of companies currently involved in litigation with Mississippi. "I think we've got to add Google to that list," Baker said on Wednesday. Document House Bill 555 (Rep. Baker) Download .PDF On Jan. 17, Attorney General Jim Hood announced $26 million for the State's coffers from a settlement with Moody's Corporation. That same day, Hood also announced he was filing a lawsuit against Google for mishandling data of Mississippi public-school students. He accuses Google of collecting personal information and search history obtained from its users in order to advance its own business interests and increase its profit, in violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act. "By failing to disclose its secret acts of data mining to Mississippi's K-12 schools, publishing deceptive marketing and advertising materials, and making false public statements and assurances, Google unfairly and deceptively secured or was able to maintain contracts with Mississippi's K-12 schools, amassed student, faculty, and staff ... user accounts; data mined those accounts and, created unfair advantage over its competitors," the lawsuit says. Rep. Baker argued that for amounts over $250,000, litigation becomes a of policy issue—something that should not be left to one person, he said. "Shouldn't there be some communication back and forth, right hand and left hand, so we know that when there's a problem or issue that we need to resolve?" he told the House. "I've got to say that at this point, it's beyond a proven fact that there needs to be oversight." Democrats questioned Baker, pointing to the numerous lawsuits their legislation has created that the attorney general is forced to defend, like the Olivia Y lawsuit, which led to 10 years of litigation and millions of dollars in attorneys fees, before the State began to reform its foster-care system. Document Mississippi v. Google Lawsuit (1-13-17) Download .PDF "The point is, we spend a lot of money on attorneys' fees for things that a lot of us get up and ask the people presenting the bill at the podium, 'Don't you understand that we are going to be in court over this ,and we're going to have to defend this?'" Rep. David Baria, D-Bay St. Louis, told Baker. "Do you know how much we've spent defending anti-abortion bills and House Bill 1523, and (lawsuits saying) we don't want gay people to adopt? .... Close to half a million dollars and at the attorney general's rate, which as you know is about a third of what private attorneys would charge for those cases." The debate barely lasted 20 minutes on Wednesday before Rep. Baker yielded the floor. The bill did not pass, failing by a vote of 58-60. Some Republicans voted against the bill, and four lawmakers did not vote—three Republicans and one Democrat. Baker and Rep. Corey Wilson, R-Madison, held the bill on a motion to reconsider, however, so the bill is not entirely dead. Rep. Baker has introduced this bill before, and each year it has gotten closer to clearing the House. In 2014, the bill died in committee, but the past two legislative sessions the bill made it to a vote. Last year, the legislation actually passed but then died on the House calendar after it was held on a motion to reconsider. Email state reporter Arielle Dreher at arielle@jacksonfreepress.com and follow her on Twitter for #msleg updates @arielle_amara. More like this story Legislature Status: Bills We're Watching Legislators Working Late Bill to Limit Attorney General's Powers Falters, for Now Secret Execution Team, Firing Squads, Restricted Media Included in House Bill Mississippi Sues Google, Saying it Violates Student Privacy More stories by this author Early Voting, Online Registration, Felon Voting Back on Table in Legislature 'Blue, Red and Med Lives Matter' Act Passes Mississippi Senate EdBuild Plan A Path to Expanding ‘School Choice’? Hundreds Protest for Women's Rights in Jackson in Sister March to D.C. Gov. Bryant: 'Blue Lives Matter' and 'Sacred Cows' Need to Go Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Special Section Sponsors JFP Tweets Tweets by @JxnFreePress Recent Comments see recent 25 » Sections News, Opinion, Arts, Music, Events, Life+Style, Food+Drink, Sports Events Events Calendar, Submit an Event Media Photos, Galleries, Videos, Audio, Documents Advertise In the JFP, Classifieds, Email the Publisher Jobs At the JFP © Jackson Free Press, Inc. User agreement and privacy statement. phone: 601-362-6121 (ext 11 sales, ext 16 editorial, ext 17 publisher) fax: 601-510-9019 125 S. Congress St. #1324 * Jackson, MS * 39201
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login The Chevy Bolt makes green driving fun The Public Access Weekly: Feel the pain Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 nearly lives up to the original NVIDIA's new Shield TV is more of the same, with a better gamepad Don’t expect any performance improvements -- it’s exactly the same as the original Shield. Devindra Hardawar, @devindra 01.20.17 in Gadgetry Comments 562 Shares Share Tweet Share Save We expected NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang to introduce a revamped Shield TV at CES; what we didn't expect was for the new device to be practically a carbon copy of the original. Sure, it's a lot smaller, but inside, it's running all of the same hardware we saw in 2015. And yet NVIDIA claims it's still much more powerful than any other set-top box. That's a testament to how robust the company's X1 chip is, but it's a disappointment for anyone who was hoping for something fresh. On the bright side, the new $200 Shield comes with a new controller that's light-years ahead of the last one. It's not revolutionary, but you can think of it as a refined spin on NVIDIA's original set-top box concept. Engadget Score Poor Uninspiring Good Excellent Key NVIDIA Shield TV (2017) 84 Pros A better deal than before New controller actually feels good Remote is bundled in the box Decent game streaming performance Cons GeForce Now streaming requires a subscription and additional purchases Not so great for heavy-duty Android games No big internal hardware changes Not that much cheaper than a game console Summary It’s mostly the same as before, but the new Shield TV is still a better overall package than the original 2015 version. It has a better controller and actually includes a remote in the box. But only NVIDIA fans need apply. Hardware It's a smaller Shield TV -- that's pretty much it! Of course, there are some advantages to a more compact footprint. Now you can easily hide the set-top box in your entertainment center; it doesn't need to take up any prime territory. Stylewise, the new Shield keeps the sharp, angular design from the original, which is still pretty fetching. It certainly has character, which feels refreshing when set-top boxes otherwise tend to look boring. On the back of the box, you have two USB 3.0 ports, an Ethernet jack and the usual HDMI and power connections. There's no microSD card slot this time around, but you can expand the Shield's paltry 16GB of storage with USB flash drives. Under the hood, there's the aforementioned X1 chip, along with 3GB of RAM. One nice bonus: The Shield's slim remote is now included in the box; previously, you had to buy it separately for an extra $50. The new one drops the rechargeable batteries and headphone jack as well, and sports a matte finish instead of brushed metal, but otherwise it still looks like an enlarged Apple TV remote. Gallery: NVIDIA Shield TV review (2017) | 9 Photos 9 +5 If you're looking for sweeping, dramatic changes, you'll find them in the new Shield controller. It's slimmer, sleeker and far easier to hold than its bulky predecessor, which was simply a first-gen mess. Honestly, it would have been hard for NVIDIA to make things worse. The new controller sports an attractive polygonal design, which makes it look like it actually belongs with the Shield. Remember that the original model was repurposed from the Shield tablet, and it had all the ergonomics of a cheap third-party PC gamepad. Most important, everything about the new controller feels good: Every button is more responsive, and the analog sticks are much more fluid. The directional pad is a bit stiff, but even that still feels improved. Current Shield TV owners can also pick up the new controller for $60 on its own. And, to the company's credit, the older device will also get access to all of the big software upgrades coming to Shield this year. (More on those below.) Software Gallery: NVIDIA Shield TV software | 6 Photos 6 +2 The new Shield runs Android 7.0 Nougat, but it doesn't look any different than the Android TV interface that the last model launched with. On the home page, there's a row of highlighted content up top, along with apps you can hop into below. The overall interface is pretty basic, but it still feels more modern than what we've seen from Roku's recent streamers. One useful upgrade: You can finally switch between your recent apps easily by double-tapping the play button. (A command Apple TV owners already know well.) NVIDIA also laid out an ambitious smart-home strategy for the Shield by adding extensive integration with the Google Assistant. Unfortunately, I couldn't test out that feature during my review, and it won't be available until later this year. It certainly looks promising, especially when used together with NVIDIA's Spot, which will let you shout commands at the Google Assistant from any room in your house. I can't imagine many people would actually make the Shield the centerpiece of their connected home, but it's an intriguing strategy nonetheless. For now, the new Shield offers all the same basic voice commands as the last model. You can tap the microphone button to ask simple questions about the weather or recent sports games, and the Shield will respond quickly with a Google Now–esque card on your TV screen. And of course, you can also use the microphone button to perform voice searches for apps and things to watch. As a streaming media player You can watch Netflix, Hulu and most of the major streaming video services on the Shield TV. No surprises there. What's unique, at least among Android TV devices, is that Shield actually features an Amazon Video app. Remember that Amazon is still at war with both Google and Apple; its apps don't work with the Chromecast, and, for whatever reason, there's still no way to stream Amazon's videos on the Apple TV. The app itself is nothing special, but its mere existence is noteworthy. The new Shield had no trouble streaming 4K and HDR content from both Netflix and Amazon, not that I expected it to struggle. That's something Roku's far less powerful devices can do these days, so something as powerful as the Shield shouldn't break a sweat. As a gaming device One big change this year for all of NVIDIA's Shield devices is its revamped GeForce Now service. It's now powered by GeForce 10-series GPUs, which should be able to handle high-end games easily. NVIDIA says it's also made various upgrades to the service that should help it run more smoothly and with less latency than before. That's pretty important when you're trying to play games that are being rendered remotely and streamed to you over the internet. I was able to load up The Witcher 3 in about the same time it takes to launch on my gaming rig. At 1080p/60 fps and "ultra" graphic settings (the highest GeForce Now can current support), it simply looked great. I had to look very hard to find compression artifacts, and the only truly noticeable issue I encountered was some occasional audio dropout. Most important, I didn't feel any lag while running and jumping, and I had no trouble getting into the rhythm of the game's combat. Similarly, I had a blast with Shadow Warrior 2, a fast-paced shooter where you'd really notice input lag. It suffered from more compression artifacts than The Witcher 3, but it was still impressive. My brain had a lot of trouble reconciling the fact that a modern PC game was being rendered on a server somewhere and piped to my TV through a tiny box. Naturally, the quality of your GeForce Now experience will come down to your networking internet setup. It was fine when connected wirelessly on my 802.11AC network on a Netgear Nighthawk router, which is backed by a fairly reliable 100Mbps cable connection. But if any part of your internet connection is flaky, you can expect to encounter plenty of issues. I'm sure it would perform even better when connected over Ethernet, but personally, that's something I'm trying to avoid in 2017. (Though I'd recommend it if you want the best overall experience.) The streaming service will also cost you: It's $7.99 a month for access to a select library of games, and you'll have to buy new titles at full price. If you just want to stream games from your PC, there's NVIDIA's Gamestream feature. It basically renders games on your computer and pipes that over to your TV -- much like GeForce Now, but on your home network. It's only available to GeForce video card owners, but given that they're the primary audience for the Shield, that's not a very harsh restriction. It was a cinch using Gamestream to stream Gears of War 4 on my TV with a 1440p (2K) resolution, ultra quality settings and 5.1 surround sound. There wasn't any lag or compression artifacts; it looked like I had just strung a long HDMI cable to my TV from my computer. And I would know: That's how I usually play PC games in my living room. Of course, Gamestream's performance is dependent on both your network setup and the hardware in your computer. (I have a decent gaming rig powered by an NVIDIA GTX 1080 GPU, so I didn't really need more power.) Some titles, like Forza Horizon 3 and Dishonored 2, exhibited some strange texture issues when played over Gamestream, but those also look like problems that some driver and software updates could fix. When it worked properly, though, it was hard not to be impressed by the feature. Being an Android TV device and all, the Shield can also play actual Android games. And I'm not just talking crummy little mobile games; there are older, big-name titles available, like Resident Evil 5 and Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance. But while it was nice to have the option to play those games, they were mostly disappointing. Resident Evil 5, for example, was a stuttering mess that crashed almost every time I loaded it. To be honest, I'd rather spend time playing GeForce Now and Gamestream titles, as opposed to suffering through bad versions of older games. The competition There are countless cheaper video streaming options out there, like the $150 Apple TV and all of Roku's devices (which can also handle 4K/HDR videos starting at $100). Even in the gaming arena, the Shield is going up against Valve's $50 Steam Link, which can also bring PC games to any TV in your home. That device also works with a variety of controllers, like the Xbox One's and the PlayStation 4's, as well as Valve's $50 Steam controller. If you're intrigued by the Shield and need more built-in storage, there's also the $300 Shield Pro. That's basically the older Shield box with a 500GB hard drive. On top of that, you'll also get the microSD card slot and micro-USB port (for a direct PC connection) that were left off of the smaller box. If you're considering shelling out $200 for the Shield, it's also hard not to consider an actual gaming console. Both the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One S start at around $300 today, and you can often find deals and bundles that drop the price significantly. If all you care about is games, it makes a lot more sense to invest in boxes that can actually power them all without the need for a streaming subscription. Wrap-up The new Shield is a lot like the old Shield: a niche streaming device for gamers with money to burn. While it would have been nice to see some major upgrades this time around, the fact that it can still perform fairly well with aging hardware is a sign that it's conceptually sound. And, at the very least, it proves that NVIDIA finally learned how to make a decent game controller. Still photos by Shivani Khattar. In this article: AndroidTV, av, entertainment, gadgetry, gadgets, GameStream, gaming, gear, GeForceNow, nvidia, review, ShieldTV, video By Devindra Hardawar @devindra Devindra has been obsessed with technology for as long as he can remember -- starting with the first time he ever glimpsed an NES. He spent several years fixing other people's computers before he started down the treacherous path of writing about technology. Mission accomplished? 562 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 13m 13m ago in Medicine Researchers figure out trick to a fruit fly's acrobatic flight The tiny insects are surprisingly buff. By A. Tarantola,  13m ago save Save share View 45m 45m ago in Personal Computing Windows 10 finally displays download progress for purchased apps A smarter name for night mode and a number of accessibility features are in tow, too. By T. Seppala,  45m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Transportation Study shows Uber created some new taxi jobs, but hurt wages The arrival of ridesharing services doesn't necessarily kill off a city's taxi industry. By A. Dalton,  1h ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Space NASA will use Apollo 1 hatch to honor fallen crew A sobering memorial is going on display at the Kennedy Space Center. By T. Seppala,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Politics Mark Zuckerberg lightly criticizes Trump order on immigration He follows Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg's post yesterday also criticizing an executive order. By R. Lawler,  2h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Uber hires Google search veteran Singhal for senior engineering post By Reuters Published: 14:21 EST, 20 January 2017 | Updated: 14:21 EST, 20 January 2017 e-mail By Heather Somerville SAN FRANCISCO, Jan 20 (Reuters) - Ride-hailing company Uber Technologies Inc. has hired the man behind Google search to work closely with Chief Executive Travis Kalanick and help grow the company's self-driving car program. Amit Singhal announced on his personal blog on Friday that he will join Uber after 15 years at Alphabet Inc., where he led Google's search division. Singhal will take the post of senior vice president of engineering, and will act as an adviser to both Kalanick and Anthony Levandowski, who heads the Uber's self-driving efforts. In his blog post, Singhal said he was excited for the engineering challenges Uber is tackling, and called the company "a geek's candy store." "And don't even get me started on how interesting and exciting self-driving is for a computer scientist," he wrote. Uber debuted its self-driving car pilot in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in September. It launched a second fleet in San Francisco last month, but a feud with California regulators over Uber's failure to obtain proper permitting compelled the company to take its autonomous testing cars off the streets. Uber then packed up its cars and brought them to Arizona, where there are no special regulations for autonomous testing. Singhal announced his departure from Google nearly a year ago, and said his next career move would involve philanthropy. He founded the Singhal Foundation, which aims to provide education to under-privileged children in India. (Reporting by Heather Somerville; Editing by Alan Crosby) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Start-Ups Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Is There A Massive Conflict With Google Advertising Its Own Products On Google Searches? Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 20, 2017 2:06pm   Comments Share: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s Google is the world's most used search engine. It also happens that Google and its sister companies sell a plethora of devices from smart phones, computers and many other products. It is obvious how a conflict can present itself. When a user searches for "smartphone," they are more likely to be bombarded with an ad for Alphabet's own products as opposed to competing products that may even pay for the ad space in a search. A Peek At The Numbers According to an investigation conducted by the Wall Street Journal, 91 percent of 25,000 searches related to items Alphabet sells showed an ad for the Alphabet product. In 43 percent of the searches, the top two ads happened to be for Alphabet's products. For example, every search for "laptops" showed an ad for Google's Chromebook, 98 percent of the time a search for "watches" displayed an ad for an Android smartwatch and virtually every search for "phones" began with three consecutive ads for Google's new Pixel phone. Alphabet Commentary Alphabet told WSJ that when it competes for ad space against a competitor to one of its products, advertisers are charged as if the Alphabet unit wasn't actually bidding. The company also explained that its ads appear at the top of a search because of the ad's quality and the price it is willing to pay. House ads are also subject to internal marketing budgets which is also designed to minimize conflicts. "It's definitely problematic," AJ Kohn, head of a small search-marketing firm called Blind Five Year Old told WSJ. "You have to take Google's word for it." WSJ did note that once it shared its findings with Google on December 15, many of the ads happened to disappear. In fact, a second analysis which was conducted on December 22 showed Google ads in the top spot on just 19 percent. Google did not comment on the wide gap with WSJ. Posted-In: Google Google Conflict Google Search Pixel Wall Street JournalTech Media General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (GOOG + GOOGL) Alphabet Falls After Missing Q4 Estimates What Will Alibaba Do With MoneyGram? Is Mattel's Q4 Miss The End Of This Toy Story? Facebook Has A New Virtual Reality Chief Technical Alert: Google Makes New All-Time High And Retreats Ahead Of Q4 Report Alphabet Earnings Cheat Sheet: What Role Will Hardware Play In Future Growth Plans? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Trending Recent 1 EAT, NEWR: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 QCOM, STM: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 3 CVS, MYL: Could Pharmacy Benefit Managers Be Trump's Next T... 4 AA, STX: Keep an Eye on These 15 Stocks for January 25, 2017 5 COF, ANET: The Market In 5 Minutes: Big Earnings... 6 TWTR, FB: The Fulfillment Of Orwellian P... 7 DRYS: Why Is DryShips Allowed To... 1 SPY, VXX: Tim Biggam's SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust Trade 2 AMJ: Pete Najarian Sees Unusual Options Activity In JPMorgan Alerian MLP ETN 3 WEN, SQ: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From January 26 4 MSFT: Microsoft Beats Q2 Estimates 5 GOOGL, GOOG: Alphabet Falls After Missing Q4 Estimates 6 CVS, MYL: Short Sellers Bet Against Generic EpiPen 7 GCI, TIME: Is Silicon Valley The New Fron... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Will Skyworks Guidance Quell Fears Around Apple's iPhone Build Slowdown? USDA Daily Cattle Slaughter, Live Cattle Futures Lower
Share 95 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-27 Super Bowl 51 Commercials: Coen Brothers Pay Homage To ‘Easy Rider’ In Mercedes-Benz Ad [Video] Entertainment 2017-01-26 ‘Fairy Tail – Dragon Cry’ Movie Artwork And Script Page Reveal Plot? Hand-Drawn Illustrations Suggests Japanese Animated Film May Explore Natsu’s Origin Story Entertainment 2017-01-25 Trailer For Selena Gomez’s Netflix Series ’13 Reasons Why,’ Plus The Netflix Series You’re Missing Entertainment 2017-01-25 Aaron Sorkin’s Embarrassment At ‘Man-Boy’ Donald Trump ‘Exacting Twitter Vengeance’ News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-01-27 Pence Speaks At March For Life: ‘Life Is Winning’ [Opinion] News 2017-01-27 Insane Clown Posse Set Date For Official Juggalo March On Washington Protesting FBI Gang Designation Opinion 2017-01-27 ‘Torturer And Murderer’ Donna Hylton Women’s March Speech Infuriates Conservatives Over So-Called Liberal Hypocrisy News 2017-01-27 Trump Twitter: Gmail Account Linked Posed Social Media Security Threat To POTUS Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Basketball 2017-01-27 Duke Coach Mike Krzyzewski Criticized As He Bans Players From Locker Room, Is Duke’s Program Imploding? Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE Rumors: ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Results Spoilers For Championship Match Winners Revealed By Sportsbook? Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Triple H Says That He Is ‘Not Happy’ With Where NXT Currently Is And He Knows What The Problem Is Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Bill Goldberg Calls AJ Styles, Sasha Banks Bright Stars For Future Of WWE Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Lifestyle 2017-01-16 Kate Middleton’s Ring Becomes More Popular Than Ever! Foreign Buyers Queue To Get Replicas Of The Sapphire Diamond Jewelry Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-26 Planned Parenthood: IUD Insertions Up 900 Percent After Trump’s Election Health 2017-01-22 Heartburn Or Heart Attack — Do You Know When To Seek Help? Health 2017-01-22 2016-2017 Flu Season: Health Experts Expect More Severe Influenza Cases Than Last Year Health 2017-01-22 The One Birth Control Method That’s Cost-Effective And Over The Counter Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-01-27 Facebook And Google Join Fight Against Fake News Sites Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Avengers’ Game Release Date Nearing, ‘The Avengers Project’ To Be Published By Square Enix Science 2017-01-27 Organ Transplant Breakthrough: Scientists Create First Human-Animal Chimera Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Destiny’: Xur’s Exotic Goods For Jan. 27, Near Perfect Graviton Forfeit BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Migos To Replace Lady Gaga At Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show? ‘Culture’ Rappers Have Petition Backing The Cause BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Author George RR Martin To Release New Writing In 2017 ‘Book Of Swords’ BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Eddie Redmayne Set To Narrate ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Audiobook BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 ‘Star Wars’ Edits: Mark Hamill Says He Begged George Lucas To Remove Dialogue From ‘A New Hope’ SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Flying Saucer UFO Revealed In Melting Antarctica Ice, According To Alien Hunters [Video] Aliens & UFOs 95 0 0 January 20, 2017 Flying Saucer UFO Revealed In Melting Antarctica Ice, According To Alien Hunters [Video] JohnThomas Didymus One of the consequences of melting of polar ice caps due to ongoing climate change is the uncovering of ancient alien structures and technological artifacts that have been buried under ice sheets for thousands of years, according to UFO and alien enthusiasts. Recently, UFO hunters claimed to have spotted an alien flying saucer UFO parked below the surface of melted ice in the Antarctic region. The UFO, revealed on Google Maps as a result of melting polar ice, is the latest of a series of alien structures and technological artifacts revealed as polar ice sheets melt due to ongoing climate change, according to alien hunters. The alleged flying saucer UFO was found on Google Maps coordinates 61°33’34.79″S 122 °54’49.76″E. UFO Found On North Pole Region On Google Earth Map, Jan 2017, Video, UFO Sighting News. https://t.co/CDMoZcJ7So @POTUS @Secgen #starwars pic.twitter.com/V0VRCY2aup — Scott  (@SCWBooks) January 20, 2017 The latest alleged technological artifact, presumed to be of extraterrestrial origin, was reportedly found in an area of water surrounded by polar ice. The fact that that the structure was perfectly circular proved it was not a natural object but an artificial object. But some alien hunters claimed that the mysterious anomaly on Google Maps was not a flying saucer UFO, but an ancient underground UFO base revealed for the first time due to the melting of polar ice sheets. “This amazing structure is not something natural but an underwater base created by an alien race or a secret society who use the base for their secret ‘UFO’ operations.” However, an enthusiast commenting on UFO Sightings Hotspot argued that the structure was not an underwater base but a UFO disk parked on a mountain peak in Antarctica. Melting Antarctica Ice Reveals UFO Underwater Base – https://t.co/8PeIwboqMa https://t.co/whEhav11C8 — Maclio Hidalgo (@Makito8) January 20, 2017 “The photo was taken on Nov. 5th, 2009,” the enthusiast said. “There is another photo taken about 10 weeks later, on Jan. 18th, 2010, that clearly shows that it’s a peak with shadow, rather than water. However, the disc has moved to a different location atop the peak, in the latter pic. This object is only 50 meters wide therefore I rule out [an underwater base] and lean more toward vessel or craft!” In a post to his UFO Sightings Daily blog, blogger Scott C. Waring also insisted that the object was a flying saucer UFO and not an alien base. He argued that the discovery of a saucer-shaped UFO on Google Maps in a polar region was not surprising. According to conspiracy theorists, extraterrestrial visitors to Earth deliberately locate major underground bases and other structures in remote, isolated, and inaccessible places, such as on mountains, on the ocean floor and even inside active volcanoes. The polar regions are also favorite sites for the location of massive surface and underground structures, according to UFO hunters. Recent melting of polar ice caps due to ongoing climate change is revealing the secret ancient treasures of the polar regions. Melting polar ice is revealing ancient alien structures and artifacts, according to conspiracy theorists. [Image by Durk Talsma/Shutterstock] But in his analysis of the latest alleged UFO evidence obtained from Google Maps, Waring disagreed with the suggestion that the structure was an alien base or a UFO uncovered recently due to melting ice. He argued that the Google Map anomaly was a flying saucer UFO that recently entered the Earth’s atmosphere from space and landed at a location close to a major underground base on the floor of the ocean. “Notice that the outer edge of the alien disk is extremely thin, and then it suddenly becomes much thicker with a odd shaped dome over the top, “he commented on his blog. “Google ruler says the UFO has a diameter of 40 meters,” he continued. “When a craft lands for an extended amount of time, it means there is an alien base nearby. Probably on the floor of the ocean, or maybe in the shallows of the area.” According to UFO enthusiasts, the discovery of a large UFO parked just below the melting ice on Google Maps demonstrates the cause of the interest that the major powers have shown in the polar regions recently. Recent visits to Antarctica by prominent individuals, such as the outgoing U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and former NASA astronaut Buzz Aldrin, were due to expectations that the melting ice would reveal a stunning wealth of ancient artifacts that have remained hidden under thick ice sheets for thousands of years. Melting polar ice is revealing long-buried massive alien civilization structures, according to conspiracy theorists. [Image by Flaviya/Shutterstock] UFO conspiracy theorists claim that what U.S. authorities meant when they said that Kerry visited Antarctica to observe the effects of global warming was what he went to see the ancient civilization structures and technological artifacts emerging from under recently melted Antarctica ice. Similarly, the former U.S. astronaut Buzz Aldrin, 86, visited Antarctica despite advanced old age because of excitement after learning that melting ice was revealing hidden treasures of alien technology long buried under thick ice sheets, according to conspiracy theorists. The Russian Patriarch Kirill of Moscow also visited a Russian Antarctica outpost on February 18, not to see the penguins as claimed officially, but to see the remains of ancient alien civilization exposed by melting ice sheets, ET chasers claimed. [Featured Image by Carlos Romeros/Shutterstock] Now Read This: UFO News: Sightings Of Mysterious Lights Over Austin Reported By Multiple Witnesses Share 95 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author JohnThomas Didymus Tags: alien, Alien civilization, aliens, Antarctic January 27, 2017 A Dog’s Purpose Review Roundup: Did Controversy Mar Critics’ Opinions? January 26, 2017 ‘Donnie Darko 3’ Release Date Being Planned With Original Director, Could Be Years Away Comments LATEST HEADLINES Duke Coach Mike Krzyzewski Criticized As He Bans Players From Locker Room, Is Duke’s Program Imploding? WWE Rumors: ‘Royal Rumble’ 2017 Results Spoilers For Championship Match Winners Revealed By Sportsbook? WWE News: Triple H Says That He Is ‘Not Happy’ With Where NXT Currently Is And He Knows What The Problem Is Drew Barrymore Admits She’s Still ‘Not Open’ To Dating Vicki Gunvalson And Kelly Dodd Will Reportedly Return To ‘RHOC’ For Season 12 NBA Trade Rumors: DeMarcus Cousins And Paul George To Lakers, D’Angelo Russell And Julius Randle To Kings, Brandon Ingram, Jordan Clarkson, And Nick Young To Pacers Celine Dion Is Coming To ‘The Voice’ As A Mentor For Returning Judge Gwen Stefani [Video] WWE News: Bill Goldberg Calls AJ Styles, Sasha Banks Bright Stars For Future Of WWE No, Mariah Carey Is Not Engaged To Backup Dancer Bryan Tanaka [Debunked] ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Director Rian Johnson Reveals Episode VIII’s Unusual Influences Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE News: The Reason Goldberg’s Head Was Bleeding — What Happened With Goldberg, The Undertaker, And Brock Lesnar After ‘Raw’ Went Off The Air? 0 0 0 Justice Democrats: Cenk Uygur, The Young Turks, Progressives Launch Party Takeover 0 0 0 Jon Voight Accuses Miley Cyrus, Shia LaBeouf Of Treason For Opposing Trump, Calls Women’s March ‘Destructive’ 0 0 0 Six Journalists Face Felony Charges After Covering Inauguration Riots 0 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 0 0 0 NFL Rumors: Could The Green Bay Packers Target Alshon Jeffery In Free Agency? 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 79 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Google search veteran now hails from Uber Former Google exec Amit Singhal has joined the ride-hailing company as SVP of engineering. Post to Facebook Google search veteran now hails from Uber Former Google exec Amit Singhal has joined the ride-hailing company as SVP of engineering.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jHJGWm {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Google search veteran now hails from Uber Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY 1:51 p.m. ET Jan. 20, 2017 Former Google executive Amit Singhal is joining Uber as senior vice president of engineering. (Photo: Jeff Chiu, Associated Press) SAN FRANCISCO — Former Google executive Amit Singhal is joining Uber as senior vice president of engineering, a major score for the ride-hailing company. "Catching the next ride of my professional journey," Singhal tweeted on Friday. Employee no. 176, Singhal worked for 15 years at Google where he was the Internet giant's head search honcho. He left Google last year and now will lead the maps and marketplace departments at Uber as well as advise Uber CEO Travis Kalanick and vice president of engineering and Otto co-founder Anthony Levandowski on self-driving technology, according to a report in technology news outlet TechCrunch. Catching the next ride of my professional journey with @travisk at @Uberpic.twitter.com/EGQn7VQTDJ— Amit Singhal (@theamitsinghal) January 20, 2017 The engineering hurdles and the potential effect of Uber on society convinced Singhal to make the move, he told TechCrunch. At $68 billion, Uber is the world's most richly valued private technology company. "This company is not only doing things that are amazing, this company also has some of the toughest computer science challenges that I have seen in my career of 25 years," he said. Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jHJGWm NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Just 5 Days Get Yours Today Advertising Tech Facebook Messenger begins testing ads…and they’re big Google took down 1.7 billion dodgy ads in 2016, over twice as many as in 2015 Verizon fourth quarter earnings fall short of analyst expectations Browse more... YouTube Uber hires former YouTube exec Kevin Thompson as VP of Marketplace Engineering Sony brings support for 360-degree YouTube video to PlayStation VR Here’s how to stream Donald Trump’s inauguration Browse more... Google Twitter releases national security letters A Google Maps error has turned Bangkok into a gigantic park Google’s Sundar Pichai says it’s ‘very early days’ in the battle against Amazon Echo Browse more... advertising MailChimp goes beyond email marketing and launches support for Facebook ad campaigns Facebook Messenger begins testing ads…and they’re big Google took down 1.7 billion dodgy ads in 2016, over twice as many as in 2015 Browse more... Google wants to make YouTube a better place for advertisers Posted Jan 20, 2017 by Frederic Lardinois (@fredericl) 0 SHARES Next Story The Edge Desk goes beyond the ball with a portable ergonomic desk system Despite its massive success with viewers, Google always had a hard time convincing advertisers that its video platform was the best place for them to reach their target audiences. Now, Google promises to give advertisers and agencies better tools to measure their reach and target specific audiences — all with a focus on mobile. As Google notes in today’s announcement, 50 percent of YouTube views now happen on mobile. For advertisers, this means that many of the old tracking technologies that worked well on the desktop don’t work all that well on mobile (though if you’re a user who would prefer not to be tracked, that may actually be a good thing). Starting this year, Google plans to limit the use of cookies and pixels on YouTube. “While technologies like pixels and cookies still have a role in the broader ecosystem, most were built for a single screen—neither pixels nor anonymous cookies were designed for the ways in which users increasingly watch content on YouTube, like on the mobile app or in the living room,” YouTube director of product management Diya Jolly writes today. “This can lead to inconsistent measurement and less relevant ads across screens, making it harder for people to control the ads they see or the data used to show them.” Google also says that it is developing a new measurement solution “that will be at the cutting edge both in generating advertiser insights and in protecting privacy and security across Google and YouTube.” This solution, too, focuses on giving advertisers a better look at which users see their campaigns across devices and — maybe more importantly — what impact those campaigns have. Google says it’ll work with the likes of comScore, DoubleVerify, IAS, MOAT and Nielsen as it develops this new solution. The company also says that it will make it easier for advertisers to reach the right audience because “information from activity associated with users’ Google accounts (such as demographic information and past searches) may be used to influence the ads those users see on YouTube.” If you’re an advertiser, that’s great news, especially because Google will also soon allow retailers to use their own customer data to target their high-value shoppers on YouTube. While Google says that these new services will protect its users’ privacy, this is likely a feature that privacy advocates will home in on very quickly. Google will allow its users to have some control over this cross-platform ad experience, though. It will allow you to mute an advertiser across platforms, for example (which is great to avoid those ads that follow you around the web after you’ve already bought a product, for example — especially if you those haven’t driven you to use an ad blocker already). Chances are, most users will never know about this option, of course. Personally, I just subscribe to YouTube Red to avoid ads on the service (and not because of the forgettable bonus content you get with it). Featured Image: Rego Korosi/Flickr UNDER A CC BY-SA 2.0 LICENSE 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase YouTube Founded 2005 Overview YouTube is a video-sharing website created in February 2005 by three former [PayPal](/company/paypal) employees: [Chad Hurley](/person/chad-hurley), [Steve Chen](/person/steve-chen) and [Jawed Karim](/person/jawed-karim). YouTube enables users to upload, view and share videos. It uses [Adobe Flash](/product/adobe-flash) video and HTML5 technology to display a wide variety of user-generated video … Location San Bruno, CA Categories Internet, Video, Music Website http://www.youtube.com/ Full profile for YouTube Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report AppDynamics CEO Talks Cisco Acquisition | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes advertising Google YouTube Advertising Tech Popular Posts Featured Stories Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:45 | Crunch Report Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 6 hours ago | Anna Escher Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 11 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Trump’s manufacturing council includes Elon Musk, Michael Dell and Mark Fields 11 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Alphabet’s bets beyond search are starting to pay off yesterday | Matthew Lynley Latest From TechCrunch Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 2 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 3 hours ago | Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 4 hours ago | Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 5 hours ago | Sarah Perez Up Next The Edge Desk goes beyond the ball with a portable ergonomic desk system Posted Jan 20, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 2 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 3 hours ago by Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 4 hours ago by Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 5 hours ago by Sarah Perez Leapfrogging in higher ed 5 hours ago by Hunt Lambert, Pete Wheelan Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 6 hours ago by Anna Escher Silicon Valley’s false feminist idol finally makes a peep 6 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Netgear’s Orbi might be the best Wi-Fi router I’ve ever used 7 hours ago by John Biggs Alexa scores some Super Bowl skills for next week’s big game 7 hours ago by Brian Heater Oculus/ZeniMax case goes to jury as damages sought increases to $4 billion 8 hours ago by Lucas Matney
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Legacy versions of Google Drive apps are being shut down +7,891 Quentyn Kennemer Jan 20th, 2017 It looks like Google wants to get more people up on their updated versions of Google Drive. The company has started notifying users of legacy versions of their office suite apps — including Drive, Docs, Sheets, and Slides through the G Suite — that they will be prompting them to move over to the latest versions of the app. Google says these versions of the app will be shuttered: Google Drive for Android (prior to version 2.4.311) Google Docs for Android (prior to version 1.6.292) Google Sheets for Android (prior to version 1.6.292) Google Slides for Android (prior to version 1.6.292) Google Drive for iOS (prior to version 4.16) Google Docs for iOS (prior to version 1.2016.12204) Google Sheets for iOS (prior to version 1.2016.12208) Google Slides for iOS (prior to version 1.2016.12203) Google also says that a subset of very old versions will also be shut down March 1st. If, for whatever reason, you haven’t been able to pull yourself away from these old versions, it’s a good idea to pull away now and get acclimated with something newer as it’s become inevitable. [via Google] local_offer    Google   Google Docs   Google Drive   Google Sheets   Google Slides   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (2) stars Further Reading Google fixes contacts with latest Hangouts update Alphabet posts its Q4 2016 results Allo's newest bot will serve up GIFs when you ask for them New rumors emerge regarding the Pixel 2 lineup HTC's lead Vive designer leaves to work on Daydream stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGalaxy S7 Edge owners reporting pink lines in display closePink lines showing up on some Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge displays Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge owners are reporting pink lines appearing in their displays. There’s no official response from Samsung about the issue yet, either. 2 more_vertCase renders for the Moto G5 Plus have leaked closeNew case renders leaked for the Moto G5 Plus New case renders for the Moto G5 Plus give us a closer look at Motorola’s newest device. Expect to see it unveiled at MWC 2017 this year in Barcelona. 3 more_vertT-Mobile's new ONE plans are now live closeT-Mobile ONE is now available for everyone The new T-Mobile ONE plan is now available for everyone and ensures that you will no longer pay any extra taxes or fees once your bill is due. 4 more_vertHere's our first look at the Samsung Galaxy S8 closeHere’s our first look at the upcoming Samsung Galaxy S8 New information has been revealed about the Galaxy S8 lineup, including our first look at the upcoming devices. The Galaxy S8 lineup is said to launch on March 29th. 5 more_vertNext Pixel devices will likely feature waterproofing closeRumor suggests the next Pixel phone will “definitely” be waterproof A new rumor suggests Google wanted to waterproof the Pixel devices, but favored a better camera over it. Next generation of Pixel devices will “definitely” feature waterproofing, says source. 6 more_vertHere's everything that was removed in the Google Voice update closeHere’s everything that was removed in the Google Voice update Despite updating Google Voice for the first time in years, which brought a redesign and added new features, Google also removed different features which can only be accessed on the web. 7 more_vertNew details emerge surrounding the Galaxy S8 closeNew details emerge surrounding the Galaxy S8 According to new sources at The Guardian, a slew of new details regarding the Galaxy S8 lineup have emerged, including some features that were present on the Galaxy Note 7. 8 more_vertLG G6 leaked in high resolution press render closeLG G6 gets leaked in high resolution ahead of MWC 2017 Before the LG G6 could formally be unveiled at this year’s Mobile World Congress, the phone has conveniently been leaked in half of its glory. Additional details provided in the post. 9 more_vertLG's Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches leaked closeGoogle’s upcoming Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches by LG revealed in leaked renders Today we’re getting a first look at Google’s upcoming Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches made by LG. The LG Watch Sport and Style have just turned up in a pair of low-resolution press renders. Hey, it’s better than nothing. 10 more_vertA new render shows off the front of the Galaxy S8 closeA new render shows off the front of the Galaxy S8 A new render shows off the front of the Samsung Galaxy S8 which will be unveiled sometime after Mobile World Congress. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google's former king of search is joining Uber to lead the engineering team Biz Carson Jan. 20, 2017, 1:41 PM 5,258 facebook linkedin twitter email print Uber CEO Travis Kalanick with its new SVP of Engineering, Amit Singhal Uber Google's former search chief, Amit Singhal, is back out of retirement after a year and joining Uber as its new SVP of engineering. In the role, the engineer who spent 15 years at Google leading its search teams will be directly advising Uber CEO Travis Kalanick and Anthony Levandowski, the head of Uber's self-driving divisions. Singhal had been at Google for 15 years before he seemingly retired in February 2016 to spend more time doing philanthropic work. He set up an education foundation in India in the last year, but realized in the process just how hard transportation is to solve. He had to create a special bus route to make sure kids got to school. That lead to discussions with Kalanick, and Uber's engineering problems proved too enticing for Singhal to remain in retirement and away from tech companies: "In fact as I dug deeper into how Uber works, it became pretty clear that this is one of the hardest—and therefore most fun—computer science and engineering challenges in the world today. It’s hard enough to connect millions of drivers to millions of riders in real time while creating optimal routes for drivers," Singhal said in a blog post. "Add to that the twist of predicting real-time traffic, pooling multiple riders and making the system economically attractive for everyone—and now you have one of the most challenging computer science problems I’ve encountered in my thirty-year career." Singhal will report directly to Kalanick in his role, which oversees Uber's core functions of mapping and marketplaces.  "I love Amit’s excitement for solving complex computer science problems and his passion for helping improve people’s lives through technology," Kalanick said in a statement. "The team at Uber, myself included, will learn a lot from him, and I can't wait for him to get started." SEE ALSO: Protesters blocked Uber headquarters because of its ties to Trump NOW WATCH: Uber is shutting down its self-driving cars in San Francisco — here’s what it was like to ride in one Loading video... More: Uber Amit Singhal Google facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google's former king of search is joining Uber to lead the engineering team Google's former king of search is joining Uber to lead the engineering team Google's former search chief, Amit Singhal, is... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Why is Google News still running fake news sources like CNN and WaPo while banning REAL news from the new media? Friday, January 20, 2017 by: JD Heyes Tags: Facebook, fake news, false narrative, Google, hacking, journo-terrorism, Russia (Natural News) In the wake of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton’s second loss in seeking the presidency, the ‘mainstream media’ blamed it not on her poor candidacy but instead on a rash of “fake news” published by independent alternative media sites that were being fed “Russian propaganda,” including our site. Even though the original perpetrator of that hoax, The Washington Post, later published a sort of-kind of retraction, social media and major news aggregator Google, along with Facebook, announced they would no longer publish ‘fake news’—that is, news that their editors simply don’t like because they are opposed ideologically to the news site and/or media company publishing the story. So, Google is against fake news—but you can still find plenty of fake news stories in Google News feeds, so what gives? [RELATED: Keep up with all the Google- and Facebook-censored news at Censored.news] For instance, a recent search of Google News using the phrase “Russian hacking U.S. election” turned up hundreds of stories from so-called ‘mainstream media’ sources reporting as fact that the Russian government hacked the November elections, via stealing data from the Democratic National Committee and handing it to WikiLeaks to influence the election in favor of President-elect Donald J. Trump. Two problems with those claims, which have also been made by the Obama administration using the “assessment” of careerist bureaucrats in the intelligence community: 1) They are completely unproven and unsubstantiated, and; 2) Even today the intelligence community, Democrats and the White House admit there is no way to tell if the leaked damaging information (which no one has denied is true) had any effect whatsoever on the election outcome. But you find stories like this all over Google News feeds, and on news feeds picked up and distributed by Facebook. (RELATED: See more examples of fake news from the left-wing media at MediaFactWatch.com) There are other examples, including the recent fake news involving bogus, fabricated charges that Russia backed Trump because Moscow has ‘incriminating evidence’ against him, including of a perverted sexual nature—again, completely unproven. In fact, these charges—contained in a 35-page ‘dossier’—have been floating around media newsrooms for months, and no one would touch them until CNN did, followed quickly by Buzzfeed, which published the entire dossier. The Washington Post has become nothing more than a fake news operation, shilling for and protecting Left-wing Democrats, as Mark Dice notes in his own special way in this video: The hack establishment media is not interested in fairness. It’s not interested in informing. It’s not interested in unbiased reporting. And, until Republicans came to power again in the White House, was not interested in holding the administration to account. But there are solutions for those who crave honesty, truth in reporting, freedom from censorship and news information they can trust. Censored.news is a news aggregation site listing alternative media sources that are quickly becoming the new ‘mainstream’ media. The news sites listed here are likely to be among those soon to be targeted by Google, Facebook and other Left-wing aggregators not because they produce “fake news,” but because the regularly publish truths and facts the Left finds inconvenient. Rather than debate on the merit of ideas, Google and Facebook would rather censor and ban facts they don’t like. As for sharing news, information and ideas without having to worry about the heavy hand of censorship, Share.NaturalNews.com is a growing Internet social community of like-minded individuals who cherish freedom, liberty, and above all, real freedom of speech and expression. Join today by clicking here [Full disclosure: I’ve already joined!] Finally, to complete the freedom of expression and speech circle, search for your information via independent, non-corporate owned alternative media at GoodGopher.com, which protects your privacy and refuses to allow any links to the establishment media, the real purveyors of fake news. [RELATED: Stay up to date on all the fake news revelations at NewsFakes.com] J.D. Heyes is a senior writer for Natural News and News Target, as well as editor of The National Sentinel. Sources: NaturalNews.com Freedom.news TheNationalSentinel.com Previous :Trump to take on Big Pharma and get the healthcare industry back to treatment rather than profiteering Next : The 10 biggest purveyors of fake news in 2016: CNN, Washington Post, MSNBC, Forbes and more 100% authentic hemp extract with CBD Authentic, honest and scientifically validated using breakthrough science.  IN STOCK, SHIPPING TODAY Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Facebook Why is Google News still running fake news sources like CNN and WaPo while banning REAL news from the new media? Breitbart, Natural News and InfoWars surpass 6 million likes on Facebook, the social media network that censors all three sites Facebook’s “fact checkers” funded by same international terrorist behind radical cop-killing groups in the USA: George Soros Two of the world’s most evil people – Bill Gates and George Soros – behind Facebook’s news censorship agenda Prostitutes for the Presstitutes: SNOPES fact-checkers revealed to be actual whores, fraudsters and deviant left-wing fetish bloggers Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news Facebook to roll out “journalism cartel” that controls and suppresses “news” much like Communist China Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-20-why-is-google-news-still-running-fake-news-sources-like-cnn-while-banning-real-news-from-the-indie-media.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-01-20-why-is-google-news-still-running-fake-news-sources-like-cnn-while-banning-real-news-from-the-indie-media.html">Why is Google News still running fake news sources like CNN and WaPo while banning REAL news from the new media?</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Natural homemade toothpaste heals cavities while whitening teeth - NaturalNews.com Trump crushes the TPP, taking a hatchet to the international profits of Big Pharma - NaturalNews.com Autoimmune disease solutions revealed - NaturalNews.com Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding - NaturalNews.com Goodbye, Obama, you “sleeper cell” traitor and enemy of America… (you won’t be missed) - NaturalNews.com Political Darwinism explains why Leftist ideology is rapidly going extinct… failed ideas are weeded out while natural competition produces winners (and losers) - NaturalNews.com Heavy metals scientist challenges vaccine promoters to drink mercury to prove it’s safe to inject into children - NaturalNews.com How antidepressants ruin your natural serotonin so you can never be happy again ... without your pills One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com TIME Magazine runs vile hit piece against RFK Jr. for daring to tell the truth about mercury in vaccines - NaturalNews.com President Trump silences EPA climate change propaganda ... real scientists rejoice - NaturalNews.com Five ingredients that poison your brain Republican traitor Paul Ryan now trying to protect Big Pharma from Trump’s monopoly-dismantling reforms - NaturalNews.com 1984 is here: Samsung admits its TVs might spy on you, warns against carrying out sensitive conversations George Soros: the self-proclaimed ‘God’ who should be in prison - NaturalNews.com Measles outbreak in L.A. proves vaccine mandates don’t work (but they do create a medical police state) - NaturalNews.com The Nobel Prize has become meaningless; it’s nothing more than a fake award handed out to those who conspire with globalists - NaturalNews.com Study links aluminum from geoengineering to accelerating decline in bee populations - NaturalNews.com Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com One big, fat, ugly bubble is about to burst… and Donald Trump will be wrongly blamed for it - NaturalNews.com Goodbye, Obama, you “sleeper cell” traitor and enemy of America… (you won’t be missed) - NaturalNews.com The ten false fears of the unhinged left that have transformed once-productive citizens into quivering mounds of Trump-a-noia - NaturalNews.com President Trump just banned federal funding of abortions - NaturalNews.com Scientists shocked to learn that shingles vaccines can transform vaccinated people into “carriers” who spread infectious disease - NaturalNews.com China dumping U.S. Treasury debt in record volume… is this a prelude to the globalist assault on Trump’s economy? - NaturalNews.com Donald Trump the first President in decades to finally take aim at Big Pharma’s monopolistic drug cartel - NaturalNews.com Beware: US salmon may be crawling with Japanese tapeworm, say scientists - NaturalNews.com WINNING: Ten highly effective ways President Trump and Kellyanne Conway can win the war against the dishonest, America-hating left-wing news cartels - NaturalNews.com 3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects Why President Trump should issue an Interpol arrest warrant for George Soros - NaturalNews.com Fake news: Mainstream media already caught reporting 3 lies on President Trump’s first day - NaturalNews.com CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Republican traitor Paul Ryan now trying to protect Big Pharma from Trump’s monopoly-dismantling reforms - NaturalNews.com A NEW HOPE: Ten of the best and boldest ideas for President Trump to MAGA while prosecuting the real enemies of this great nation - NaturalNews.com TIME Magazine runs vile hit piece against RFK Jr. for daring to tell the truth about mercury in vaccines - NaturalNews.com Panic attacks, anxiety linked to low vitamin B and iron levels: Study Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Forbes.com hit piece on Natural News backfires: Health Ranger confirmed as world’s most powerful foe of corporate science fraud - NaturalNews.com The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Trump’s attack on Big Pharma’s cartel profiteering lost the drug industry about $25 billion in 20 minutes - NaturalNews.com Walking your children home from school and driving while caffeinated are now felony crimes in police state America - NaturalNews.com Two of the world’s most evil people – Bill Gates and George Soros – behind Facebook’s news censorship agenda - NaturalNews.com Electoral voter death threats backfire: Hillary Clinton loses four, Donald Trump wins in an electoral landslide - NaturalNews.com Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients How the mainstream media’s “fake news” undermines democracy and protects the corrupt establishment: new mini-documentary by the Health Ranger - NaturalNews.com Obama trying to start WWIII before Jan. 20; feds “probe” Drudge Report with DDoS attack; NaturalNews and InfoWars targeted for cyber attack take downs - NaturalNews.com TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication - NaturalNews.com Californian Senator Richard Pan pushing to outlaw parental rights in all medical decisions - NaturalNews.com Draining the Pharma swamp: Donald Trump announces plan to hammer Big Pharma’s monopoly profits by requiring competitive bidding for government drug purchase contracts - NaturalNews.com Citizen video DESTROYS “fake news” narrative of mainstream media: Must-see commentary - NaturalNews.com 10 brands of baby wipes recalled due to pneumonia-causing bacteria contamination The only prediction that really matters for 2017: The global debt collapse begins, followed by the rise of fascist, totalitarian government - NaturalNews.com The top 10 most outrageous science hoaxes of 2016 - NaturalNews.com Kanye West had a breakdown because he altered his mind-altering medications - NaturalNews.com Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs 10 health benefits of cucumbers Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Five ingredients that poison your brain Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Globalist war against humanity shifts into high gear: Cars, cash, literature and independent news all targeted for elimination 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night Health News 25 Powerful Anti-Inflammatory Herbs and Spices (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 9 Hours Ago From Anxiety to Addiction: The Top 10 Uses of CBD Oil (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 9 Hours Ago Garlic and Raw Milk Treat Pneumonia, Asthma, Insomnia, Cough, Arthritis, and Cardiac Problems (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 9 Hours Ago 5 Food Ingredients That Damage Your Brain (Blogs.naturalnews.com) De-Stress Your Life (Blogs.naturalnews.com) 10 Magnesium Oil Benefits (How to make your own magnesium oil) (Blogs.naturalnews.com) AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: The Huawei Mate 9 is the best Android alternative to Google’s Pixel XL Trending in Google Corporate Source: Google’s Pixel 2 to feature improved camera, CPU, higher price, but ‘budget’ Pixel also in works Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Nvidia Shield TV is essentially the perfect set top box, and it’s only going to get better [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with 5 Android apps you should download in January 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Report reiterates that 2nd gen. Huawei Watch will bring cellular model Trending in Google Corporate Just got the new Nvidia Shield TV? Here are the first few things you need to do January 20 GOOG: 805.02 2.85 Former Google Search SVP Amit Singhal heads to Uber as SVP of Engineering Stephen Hall - Jan. 20th 2017 10:41 am PT @hallstephenj Amit Singhal View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Amit Singhal, the former longtime SVP of Search at Google, is now headed to ride hailing company Uber as SVP of Engineering (via TechCrunch). Singhal was employee number 176 at Google, and departed the Mountain View company in February of last year with a letter on Google+ suggesting a plan to retire. Now, he finds himself back near the top of a Silicon Valley giant… Singhal definitely did “make time for my family” and “give back to others” as he described in his departure letter; he started the Singhal Foundation with his wife, and, in Singhal’s own words, “drove [his] son to school every morning and [picked] him up.” After 6 months of hard work, things were going well for his new foundation, as he described: The first six months were very intense for me – very intense for me. After that we got into a rhythm of running the foundation, we took 50 children who are going to school, and are growing that to about 400 children next year, and going on to thousands of children in the coming year. What happened in parallel was that i found a great, great partner to run the foundation in India. But apparently, it wasn’t long before he met Travis Kalanick, co-founder and CEO of Uber, through a mutual friend. It was reportedly the mountains of technical challenges the company faces, which Singhal came to understand through conversations with Kalanick, that drew him in. “This company is not only doing things that are amazing, this company also has some of the toughest computer science challenges that I have seen in my career of 25 years,” Singhal told TechCrunch in an interview. “Those computer science challenges for a computer science geek are just intriguing – you give a geek a puzzle, they can’t drop it; they need to solve the puzzle. That’s how it felt to me.” The full story is worth a read. (Image via Search Engine Land) Update: A previous version of this article read that Singhal was employee 146 at Google, but he was actually employee 176. Guides Amit Singhal View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: Benchmarking Intel Kaby Lake-Y With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Overclocking Intel Kaby Lake Core i3-7350K Intel Core i7-7700K And Z270 Chipset Review: Kaby Lake Hits The Desktop Processors Recent additions: Benchmarking Intel Kaby Lake-Y With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Overclocking Intel Kaby Lake Core i3-7350K Intel Core i7-7700K And Z270 Chipset Review: Kaby Lake Hits The Desktop Graphics/Sound Recent additions: EVGA GeForce GTX 1060 Gaming Review: Mini But Mighty Pascal AMD Vega GPU Architecture Details Revealed AMD Unveils FreeSync 2 Technology With HDR And LFC Support Motherboards Recent additions: AMD Announces X300 And X370 AM4 Motherboards For Ryzen Processors, All Chips Ulocked Gigabyte Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review: Affordable, High-Tech, Great Performance Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested Storage Recent additions: WD Blue SSD Review: Aggressively-Priced Solid State Storage Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe Enterprise Solid State Drive Review Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review: Ultra Fast, Affordable Storage Misc Recent additions: Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review The Best Of CES 2017 Streacom BC1 Open Benchtable Review: Open-Source Open-Air PC Building Done Right SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: The Best Of CES 2017 Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound Cybertron CLX Ra System Review: A Luxury Dual GTX 1080 Killer Gaming Rig Desktops Recent additions: Dell XPS 27 (7760) All-In-One Desktop Review: 4K Touch And Wired For Sound Lenovo IdeaCentre Y900 RE Gaming Desktop And IdeaPad Y900 Gaming Notebook Preview Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Intel Compute Stick Core m3 Review: Skylake On A Thumbstick Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe Enterprise Solid State Drive Review Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review Micron's Massive Capacity 8TB 5100 Series Enterprise Solid State Drive Can Save Datacenters Big Bucks Workstation Recent additions: Quadro P6000 And P5000 Review: NVIDIA's Most Powerful Pascal Graphics Cards AMD Radeon Pro WX Series Workstation Graphics Review: Polaris Goes Pro [WX 7100 Update] AMD To Attack Performance Desktop Market With RYZEN, More Zen Architecture Details Revealed Data Center/SMB Recent additions: Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe Enterprise Solid State Drive Review Netgear Nighthawk X10 Wireless AD7200 Router Review Micron's Massive Capacity 8TB 5100 Series Enterprise Solid State Drive Can Save Datacenters Big Bucks Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft Says Windows 7 No Longer Fit For Active Duty, Customers Should Embrace Windows 10 Windows 10 Anniversary Update Blocks Zero-Day Exploits Before Patches Are Even Deployed Microsoft Patents Big Brother AI To Monitor Everything You Do In Windows And Feed It To Bing For Search Results MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Benchmarking Intel Kaby Lake-Y With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Google Pixel XL Vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge: 6 Weeks With Android Nougat Purity The Best Of CES 2017 Notebooks Recent additions: Benchmarking Intel Kaby Lake-Y With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Hands-On With The Dell Inspiron 15 Gaming Notebook at CES 2017 Hands On With Dell's XPS 13 2-in-1 Convertible At CES 2017 Smartphones Recent additions: Google Pixel XL Vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge: 6 Weeks With Android Nougat Purity Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Review: The First Tango Augmented Reality Smartphone ASUS ZenFone 3 Deluxe Review: Unlocked Android With 6GB RAM And 64GB Storage Tablets Recent additions: Lenovo Yoga Book Review: A 2-In-1 With A Trick Hot Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Tablets, Smartphones, Laptops, and Systems HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Gadgets Recent additions: Building Your Own Classic Game Console, A DIY RetroPi Project With Raspberry Pi HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: NVIDIA Reboots Shield TV As Powerful 4K HDR Video Streamer And The Best Set Top Box For Gamers Nintendo Chief Says Switch Won’t Repeat NES Classic Shortage With 2 Million Units At Launch Microsoft Confirms Windows 10 Game Mode Performance Gains, Xbox One Beam Streaming How-To Entertainment Recent additions: Building Your Own Classic Game Console, A DIY RetroPi Project With Raspberry Pi NVIDIA Reboots Shield TV As Powerful 4K HDR Video Streamer And The Best Set Top Box For Gamers Experiencing NVIDIA's SHIELD With Plex Media Server Streaming Prowess Gaming Recent additions: Xbox One Creators Update Arrives For Windows Insiders With Revamped Home And Copilot Building Your Own Classic Game Console, A DIY RetroPi Project With Raspberry Pi Nintendo Chief Says Switch Won’t Repeat NES Classic Shortage With 2 Million Units At Launch Social Recent additions: Facebook Tweaks Trending Topics Algorithms To Stomp Out Rampant Fake News YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Microsoft Reportedly Abandoned $8 Billion Slack Bid To Double Down On Skype VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: AMD RYZEN Asus Tinker Board Vega RYZEN Dell XPS 27 Kaby Lake GeForce GTX 1080 Ti home Mobile Smartphones by Dave Altavilla — Friday, January 20, 2017 Google Pixel XL Vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge: 6 Weeks With Android Nougat Purity Article Index:    Living On Google's Pixel XL, Coming From A Different Galaxy Pixel XL vs GS7 Edge Industrial Design – Beauty Is In The Eye Operating System, Software And Camera – Google Victory And A Draw Google Pixel XL And Daydream View Performance And Final Analysis – Google Pixel XL Vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Living On Google's Pixel XL, Coming From A Different Galaxy When Google set out to develop and market its first Phone by Google branded device - not co-branded with a partner - and spiritual successors to its legacy Nexus brand, the company drew a line in the sand. Not only was the target to develop smartphones that demonstrated best of breed functionality and performance for the Android platform, but these devices would have features and capabilities not found in other Android devices on the market. To date, very few other smartphones, save for the LG V20 for example, are running Android 7 Nougat and there are only a handful of phones on the market currently that support Google’s Daydream VR headset technology. Google Daydream VR is a compelling answer to smartphone VR solutions like Samsung Gear VR, but what’s really interesting to many consumers is how Google’s latest flagship handset compares experientially versus other hot-selling Android devices, like Samsung’s Galaxy S7 series. As a perennial Samsung Galaxy S series user, I decided it was high time, beyond just the sterile confines of a product review, to live with Google’s latest Android purist device for an extended period of time. I’ve spent quality time with Nexus devices in the past, but the Google Pixel XL, with its 5.5-inch AMOLED display, felt like a possible successor as a daily driver for me. So, here are my high level take-aways of a Galaxy S7 Edge to Pixel XL migration, from hardware to software, and creature comforts. Our hands-on video walk-around of the Google Pixel XL with Daydream View Pixel XL vs Galaxy S7 Edge – The Display Goes To Samsung I’m going to get this one out of the way early. If your primary focus is on the display in a handset, there is just no comparison to Samsung’s Super AMOLED displays currently, especially the curved glass of the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. Google’s Pixel XL AMOLED display does a reasonably good job of reproducing the saturation, contrast and pop of the Galaxy S7 Edge, but it’s not quite as bright, nor does it have quite the viewing angle capability.  There’s also no substitution for the effect of the curved, edge-to-edge display on the Galaxy S7 Edge. The Pixel XL (seen here above) is flanked with more bezel and the display itself is not quite as close to the glass as the GS7 Edge. So oddly enough, if you’re a pixel snob, the Galaxy S7 Edge actually wins over Google's namesake Pixel XL. That's not to say the Pixel XL is hampered in any way from an image quality standpoint; it's just once you've seen what Samsung's curved 5.5-inch display can do, there's nothing quite like it currently. Although, admittedly, close seconds are indeed the Google Pixel XL as well as the Moto Z.  Power Efficiency And Battery - A Landslide Win For The Pixel XL Here’s where the always-on benchmark numbers, versus real world anecdotal use case, vary greatly.  The Galaxy S7 Edge has a larger 3600 mAh battery versus the Pixel XL’s 3450 mAh power plant, but that doesn’t always equate to longer mixed-usage uptime; at least with the current setup of Android 6 Marshmallow on an AT&T GS7 Edge, versus the Pixel XL with Nougat and the same carrier. Android 7 Nougat’s advanced Doze capabilities make an appreciable difference in mainstream usage battery life. If you’re not the type to be on your phone constantly, the Pixel XL offers a significant battery life advantage versus the Galaxy S7 Edge. This could change as Samsung rolls out Android 7 to its Galaxy line, but it’s up to carriers to push via OTA updates as well – which of course AT&T is late to the party with, as usual it seems. That said, I've noticed the Pixel XL survives for nearly two days of mixed use (calls, web browsing, emails, text), in my specific use case. I would consider myself a moderate, but not heavy user. For reference, I generally consume about 3 - 4 Gigs of data per month, though I am on WiFi quite a bit. Also, though I don't use Google Maps a lot, I did leave the High Accuracy location services function on as the Pixel XL noticed my every move from office to restaurants and back home. In short, versus the Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge in the same exact use case with my personal usage patterns, the Pixel XL generally survives, again mostly due to Android Nougat Doze features when idle, hours longer on average than what I was realizing on the Galaxy S7 Edge. I wish Google delivered wireless charging with the Pixel XL, but regardless, its battery life prowess offers a significant, tangible gain. NEXT PAGE Article Index:    Living On Google's Pixel XL, Coming From A Different Galaxy Pixel XL vs GS7 Edge Industrial Design – Beauty Is In The Eye Operating System, Software And Camera – Google Victory And A Draw Google Pixel XL And Daydream View Performance And Final Analysis – Google Pixel XL Vs. Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Tags:  smartphone, Google, review, (nasdaq:goog), nougat, pixel xl, google pixel Image gallery Related content The Best Of CES 2017 Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With Teardown And Rebuild Action Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Review: The First Tango Augmented Reality Smartphone Acer Swift 7 Review: A Thin, Sleek, Kaby Lake Powered Ultrabook Streacom BC1 Open Benchtable Review: Open-Source Open-Air PC Building Done Right Comments Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 27K CONVERSATIONS Canadian Man Gets Sweet Revenge Against...19 NVIDIA 12nm FinFET Volta GPU...16 ASUS Unveils Tinker Board, Rockchip...16 Facebook’s Zuckerberg Sues Hundreds Of...16 Windows 10 Insider Preview Gains Slick...15 FTC Busts Two Major Robocall...12 Overclocking Intel Kaby Lake Core...12 FEATURED Benchmarking Intel Kaby Lake-Y With... EVGA GeForce GTX 1060 Gaming Review:... Overclocking Intel Kaby Lake Core... Google Pixel XL Vs. Samsung Galaxy S7... Building Your Own Classic Game Console,... WD Blue SSD Review: Aggressively-Priced... Intel SSD DC P3520 Series NVMe PCIe... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...764k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...621k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...568k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...546k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...503k Know Your Type: Five Mechanical Gaming...438k Alienware Area 51: Triad, Tri-SLI GTX...390k THREADS off topic - why are facebook videos so...9 My Review Of My Asus C90s Desktop...6 I wonder how advanced the technology...4 Your favorite thing about social media...3 Fast Mobile Charging Motherboard2 Connecting NFR8001 to a Renesas...2 How about this new invention?2 Your Next Graphics Card GF GTX 1080 Radeon RX 480 GF GTX 1070 GF GTX 1060 Other AMD Other NVIDIA More Results MORE HOT STUFF IN MOBILE The Best Of CES 2017 Gigabyte BRIX Gaming UHD Review With... Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Review: The First... Acer Swift 7 Review: A Thin, Sleek, Kaby... Streacom BC1 Open Benchtable Review:... Dell XPS 13 Review: Kaby Lake Makes A... ASUS ZenFone 3 Deluxe Review: Unlocked... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2017 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsTicket Prices For The Crunchies Increase In Just 5 Days Get Yours Today Google Twitter releases national security letters A Google Maps error has turned Bangkok into a gigantic park Google’s Sundar Pichai says it’s ‘very early days’ in the battle against Amazon Echo Browse more... business Elon Musk could soon share more on his plan to help humans keep up with AI Elon Musk actually believes Rex Tillerson could be an “excellent” Secretary of State Court won’t reconsider DOJ argument in Microsoft customer data case Browse more... amit singhal Mobile Searches Surpass Desktop Searches At Google For The First Time Browse more... Startup company economy Shopify’s new R&D office in Toronto points to huge expansion ambitions Panasonic wants to expand Tesla partnership to sensors for self-driving Tech employees protest in front of Palantir HQ over fears it will build Trump’s Muslim registry Browse more... Uber hires former YouTube exec Kevin Thompson as VP of Marketplace Engineering Posted Jan 20, 2017 by Darrell Etherington (@etherington) 0 SHARES Next Story The official White House website has dropped any mention of climate change Uber is picking up a lot of ex-Googlers lately – earlier on Thursday, I reported that ex-Google SVP of Engineering Amit Singhal was headed to the ride-hailing startup, and former Google VP of Engineering on YouTube’s ads team Kevin Thompson is also joining the company as VP of Marketplace Engineering. That means Thompson will report into his former colleague Singhal, Uber confirms, whose new role puts him in charge of engineering on both the Maps and the Marketplace team. Marketplace, for those who might not be as familiar with Uber’s internal divisions, focuses on things like dispatching drivers to specific riders, calculating price and forecasting demand, among other fundamentals core to Uber’s business model. Thompson spent over 12 years at Google – almost as much as Singhal, who was at the search giant for over 15. His most recent gig was overseeing Google’s engineering team for YouTube Ads, maximizing revenue while also keeping ads tolerable for end users. A large percentage of Google’s YouTube advertising platform is automated, with similar problems to solve in terms of figuring out what ad to serve to what viewer, calculating demand and allocating available inventory, and more. Uber’s clearly looking to bring some world-class engineering talent with proven track records in at the top of the org to help foster a community ready to tackle some of the toughest computer science challenges in the world. Featured Image: ERIC PIERMONT/Getty Images 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Amit Singhal Bio Amit Singhal is a senior vice president and software engineer at Google Inc., a Google Fellow, and the head of Google’s core ranking team. He has worked in the field of search for over fifteen years, first as an academic researcher and now as a Google engineer. His research interests include information retrieval, its application to web search, web graph analysis, and user interfaces for search. … Full profile for Amit Singhal Uber Founded 2009 Overview Uber, a [San Francisco](/location/san-francisco/528f5e3c90d111115d1c2e4ff979d58e)-based technology startup, is innovating at the intersection of lifestyle and logistics. Uber connects riders with safe, reliable, convenient transportation providers at a variety of price-points in cities around the world. Location San Francisco, CA Categories Public Transportation, Mobile Apps, Transportation Website http://www.uber.com Full profile for Uber YouTube Founded 2005 Overview YouTube is a video-sharing website created in February 2005 by three former [PayPal](/company/paypal) employees: [Chad Hurley](/person/chad-hurley), [Steve Chen](/person/steve-chen) and [Jawed Karim](/person/jawed-karim). YouTube enables users to upload, view and share videos. It uses [Adobe Flash](/product/adobe-flash) video and HTML5 technology to display a wide variety of user-generated video … Location San Bruno, CA Categories Internet, Video, Music Website http://www.youtube.com/ Full profile for YouTube Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report AppDynamics CEO Talks Cisco Acquisition | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes business Google amit singhal Startup company economy Popular Posts Featured Stories Galaxy S8 Coming in March | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:45 | Crunch Report Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 6 hours ago | Anna Escher Apple aims to up its AI smarts with iCloud user data in iOS 10.3 11 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Trump’s manufacturing council includes Elon Musk, Michael Dell and Mark Fields 11 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Alphabet’s bets beyond search are starting to pay off yesterday | Matthew Lynley Latest From TechCrunch Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 2 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 3 hours ago | Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 4 hours ago | Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 5 hours ago | Sarah Perez Comment moderation powered by Up Next The official White House website has dropped any mention of climate change Posted Jan 20, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Developer - 41399BR at Harvard University - Faculty of Arts and Sciences (Cambridge, MA, United States) Engineer: Client Support Center at Target (Brooklyn Park, MN, United States) Product Manager at Calldorado (Kongens Lyngby (Copenhagen), Denmark) IT Infrastructure Manager (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland; Berlin, Deutschland) Digital Strategies Manager at Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices Carolinas Realty (Charlotte, NC, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week 2 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Twitter releases national security letters 3 hours ago by Kate Conger Zuckerberg defends immigrants threatened by Trump 4 hours ago by Josh Constine Rogue National Park Service Twitter account says it’s no longer run by government employees…but maybe it never was 5 hours ago by Sarah Perez Leapfrogging in higher ed 5 hours ago by Hunt Lambert, Pete Wheelan Weekly Roundup: AppDynamics sells to Cisco ahead of IPO, CZI buys Meta 6 hours ago by Anna Escher Silicon Valley’s false feminist idol finally makes a peep 6 hours ago by Taylor Hatmaker Netgear’s Orbi might be the best Wi-Fi router I’ve ever used 7 hours ago by John Biggs Alexa scores some Super Bowl skills for next week’s big game 7 hours ago by Brian Heater Oculus/ZeniMax case goes to jury as damages sought increases to $4 billion 8 hours ago by Lucas Matney
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: DEV Opinion ProBeat: Google is buying Fabric, but Twitter is still up for grabs Emil Protalinski@EPro January 20, 2017 10:30 AM Tags: Alphabet, fabric, Google, ProBeat, top-stories, Twitter Covering tech is wonderful. Often we get a breaking story that nobody saw coming. Last year, rumor after rumor suggested Twitter was going to be acquired, with one of the likely suitors being Google. Then, one by one, all the deals apparently fell through, and 2016 ended with Twitter grudgingly trudging on. Now, not even three weeks into 2017, Google is acquiring Twitter’s mobile developer platform Fabric. Google gets to boost its developer offerings with another cheap acquisition, while Twitter presumably gets a slight revenue bump and looks leaner for another auction attempt. How did we get here? To be frank, we may never know. Twitter being up for sale last year is still technically rumor and speculation, though multiple sources reported the social network was desperately considering all its options. It’s almost as if during the courting process, something about Twitter seriously turned Google off (and supposedly everyone else). But Google got to peek at Twitter’s books. While the numbers didn’t quite add up for all of Twitter, they did for a part of it. But this story is likely far from over. Twitter has failed time and time again to please users, developers, and stockholders. Meanwhile, the calls for Google to buy Twitter have been steadily grown louder. And there’s plenty of good reason for it. Google has included tweets in its search results since May 2015. This is one of those partnerships that benefits everyone. The two are perfect complements. Twitter still hasn’t figured out how to be a successful business. Google still hasn’t figured out how to be a successful social network. Google is constantly under pressure to get you information as quickly as possible, and while Twitter has a growth problem, the social network’s immediacy means its role in breaking news can’t be matched. There are only two groups that could monetize Twitter very effectively: Google’s ad team, and Facebook. Google may have considered the Twitter purchase simply so none of its major rivals get the social network. Facebook already owns Instagram, and even Microsoft has LinkedIn. Google has Google+. Alternatively, instead of Google buying Twitter, its parent firm Alphabet could do it. Even though Google encompasses all of Alphabet’s internet properties, that doesn’t mean it has to stay that way. Alphabet consists of various subsidiaries, including Calico, CapitalG, DeepMind, GV, Google, Google Fiber, Nest Labs, Jigsaw, Sidewalk Labs, Verily, Waymo, and X. Many of these don’t have much business sense. Twitter would fit right in. If Twitter were to be given access to Alphabet’s deep pockets for a few years, the social network just might figure out how to grow again. It’s a long shot, but just imagine what the company could do if it didn’t have to constantly worry about pleasing investors and could instead focus on users (developers are a lost cause at this point). And anyway, Alphabet is missing a T. ProBeat is a column in which Emil Protalinski rants about whatever crosses him that week. His main concern is having enough content to maintain a regular schedule. Then again, a deranged puppet just became president of the United States. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.

Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ASML Holding NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ASML Holding NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. ASML Holding NV (ASML) Given Hold Rating at RBC Capital Markets January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet RBC Capital Markets restated their hold rating on shares of ASML Holding NV (NASDAQ:ASML) in a report published on Thursday. “In a blog post, Twitter’s Fabric announced it would be joining Google’s Developer Products Group working with the Firebase team. Terms of the deal were not disclosed, but the sale comes during a period of transition as @Jack continues to streamline product teams and focuses on improving the core Twitter experience. Following the completion of the acquisition, Google will begin to offer Fabric, Crashlytics, and Answers among other products. Fabric to be acquired from Twitter by Google. Terms of the deal were not disclosed, but employees of Fabric will be joining Google as a part of the transaction. The deal highlights the importance that Twitter is putting on improving the core Twitter experience and focus resources on achieving a better experience within the Twitter app itself. Fabric was first announced at Twitter’s developer conference Flight in 2014. Fabric was created as a module mobile platform to help developers build apps utilizing some of Twitter’s functionality. Fabric provides developer tools around stability, distribution, revenue and identity.”,” RBC Capital Markets’ analyst commented. Several other research firms have also commented on ASML. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of ASML Holding NV from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $122.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, October 4th. Morgan Stanley reissued a buy rating on shares of ASML Holding NV in a report on Monday, October 10th. B. Riley reissued a neutral rating and issued a $113.00 target price on shares of ASML Holding NV in a report on Thursday, October 20th. BNP Paribas reissued a sell rating on shares of ASML Holding NV in a report on Sunday, October 23rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reissued a buy rating on shares of ASML Holding NV in a report on Sunday, October 23rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $96.10. ASML Holding NV (NASDAQ:ASML) traded up 0.01% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $121.87. 589,426 shares of the company were exchanged. ASML Holding NV has a one year low of $80.24 and a one year high of $125.88. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $109.26 and its 200-day moving average price is $106.15. The stock has a market capitalization of $53525.31 billion, a PE ratio of 30.95 and a beta of 1.20. ASML Holding NV (NASDAQ:ASML) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, October 19th. The company reported $1.04 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.05 by $0.01. ASML Holding NV had a return on equity of 17.48% and a net margin of 21.62%. The business had revenue of $1.82 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.73 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.75 earnings per share. ASML Holding NV’s revenue was up 17.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that ASML Holding NV will post $4.52 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/20/asml-holding-nv-asml-given-hold-rating-at-rbc-capital-markets.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of ASML Holding NV by 2,705.1% in the third quarter. Cornerstone Advisors Inc. now owns 1,094 shares of the company’s stock worth $120,000 after buying an additional 1,055 shares during the period. Assetmark Inc. increased its position in shares of ASML Holding NV by 10.2% in the third quarter. Assetmark Inc. now owns 1,841 shares of the company’s stock worth $202,000 after buying an additional 170 shares during the period. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC increased its position in shares of ASML Holding NV by 7.5% in the second quarter. Checchi Capital Advisers LLC now owns 2,369 shares of the company’s stock worth $235,000 after buying an additional 165 shares during the period. Homrich & Berg purchased a new position in shares of ASML Holding NV during the second quarter worth about $241,000. Finally, Brown Advisory Inc. purchased a new position in shares of ASML Holding NV during the second quarter worth about $244,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 8.72% of the company’s stock. ASML Holding NV Company Profile ASML Holding N.V. is a holding company. The Company is a manufacturer of chip-making equipment. The Company is engaged in the development, production, marketing, selling and servicing of advanced semiconductor equipment systems, exclusively consisting of lithography systems. The Company’s products include systems and system related products. Receive News & Ratings for ASML Holding NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ASML Holding NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google May Be Favoring Its Own Search Ads Over Competitors, Report Says – Fortune Posted on January 20, 2017 by Fortune Alphabet’s Google (googl) has been pushing advertisements for the company’s own products into prime online real estate, potentially in conflict with other advertisers, according to a new investigation by The Wall Street Journal. In 25,000 searches … Google Pixel not so great: There are plenty of better business phonesZDNet You won’t believe how much Amazon is charging for Google’s Pixel XLBGR Google placed its own ads first, study claimsBBC News Recode -Tech Times -Android Central -Phandroid.com all 128 news articles …read more wrote 25636 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines – Business Insider 4 best iOS.3 features coming soon – CNET Alexa Is Causing Some Users Problems Because Of Its Name – Android Headlines Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week – TechCrunch Apple CEO Tim Cook Talks Tech and Economy With Utah Senator Orrin Hatch – Mac Rumors Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Difference between revisions of "Security/Sandbox" From MozillaWiki < Security Jump to: navigation, search Revision as of 12:00, 19 January 2017 (view source) Bobowen (Talk | contribs) (→‎Bug Lists: Updated Windows milestones) ← Older edit Revision as of 09:57, 20 January 2017 (view source) Jmathies (Talk | contribs) (blurb about pref) Newer edit → Line 120: Line 120:   |}   |}     − DXR search for the current [https://dxr.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/search?q=security.sandbox+path%3Abrowser%2Fapp&redirect=true&case=true sandbox preferences]. + Sandbox security levels are stored in the [https://dxr.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/search?q=security.sandbox+path%3Abrowser%2Fapp&redirect=true&case=true security.sandbox .content.level] preference. A preference value of '0' disables the security sandbox.   +     == Windows ==   == Windows ==     Revision as of 09:57, 20 January 2017 Contents 1 Overview 2 Current Status 2.1 Windows 2.1.1 Content / Compositor Levels 2.1.2 Gecko Media Plugin 2.1.3 64-bit Plugin 2.2 OSX 2.2.1 Content Levels 2.2.2 Gecko Media Plugins 2.3 Linux 2.3.1 Content 2.3.2 Gecko Media Plugin 3 Testing 4 Debugging Features 4.1 Activity Logging 4.1.1 OSX 4.1.2 Windows 4.1.3 Linux 4.2 Local Build Options 4.3 Misc. Environment variables 5 Platform Specifics 5.1 Windows 5.1.1 Source Code Overview 5.1.2 Processes Overview 5.1.3 Key source code locations 5.2 OSX 5.3 Linux 6 Bug Lists 6.1 Triage Lists 7 Communication 8 People 9 Repo Module Ownership 10 Links 10.1 Research 10.2 B2G Archive 10.3 Older Overview Security Sandboxing makes use of child processes as a security boundary. The process model, i.e. how Firefox is split into various processes and how these processes interact between each other is common to all platforms. For more information see the Electrolysis wiki page. The security aspects of a sandboxed child process are implemented on a per-platform basis. See the Platform Specifics section below for more information. Current Status Sandbox Trunk Aurora Beta Release Next Target Level Level Version Level Version Level Version Level Version Windows (content) Level 2 Level 1 Fx50 Level 1 Fx50 Level 1 Fx50 Level 2 Fx54 Windows (compositor) Level 0 Windows (GMP) enabled enabled enabled enabled Windows 64bit (NPAPI Plugin) enabled enabled enabled enabled OSX (content) Level 2 Level 1 Fx52 Level 2 Fx54 OSX (GMP) enabled enabled enabled enabled Linux (content) Level 2 Level 1 Fx53 Linux (GMP) enabled enabled enabled enabled Sandbox security levels are stored in the security.sandbox.content.level preference. A preference value of '0' disables the security sandbox. Windows Content / Compositor Levels Sandbox security related setting are grouped together and associated with a security level. Lower level values indicate a less restrictive sandbox. Sandbox Feature Level 0 Level 1 Level 2 Job Level JOB_NONE JOB_NONE JOB_INTERACTIVE Access Token Level USER_NON_ADMIN USER_NON_ADMIN USER_INTERACTIVE Alternate Desktop no no no Alternate Windows Station no no no Initial Integrity Level INTEGRITY_LEVEL_MEDIUM INTEGRITY_LEVEL_LOW INTEGRITY_LEVEL_LOW Delayed Integrity Level INTEGRITY_LEVEL_MEDIUM INTEGRITY_LEVEL_LOW INTEGRITY_LEVEL_LOW Mitigations None MITIGATION_BOTTOM_UP_ASLR MITIGATION_HEAP_TERMINATE MITIGATION_SEHOP MITIGATION_DEP_NO_ATL_THUNK MITIGATION_DEP MITIGATION_BOTTOM_UP_ASLR MITIGATION_HEAP_TERMINATE MITIGATION_SEHOP MITIGATION_DEP_NO_ATL_THUNK MITIGATION_DEP Delayed Mitigations None MITIGATION_STRICT_HANDLE_CHECKS MITIGATION_DLL_SEARCH_ORDER MITIGATION_STRICT_HANDLE_CHECKS MITIGATION_DLL_SEARCH_ORDER Sandbox Feature Level 3* Level 10 Level 20 Job Level JOB_RESTRICTED JOB_RESTRICTED JOB_LOCKDOWN Access Token Level USER_LIMITED USER_LIMITED USER_LOCKDOWN Alternate Desktop yes** yes yes Alternate Windows Station no yes yes Initial Integrity Level INTEGRITY_LEVEL_LOW INTEGRITY_LEVEL_LOW INTEGRITY_LEVEL_LOW Delayed Integrity Level INTEGRITY_LEVEL_LOW INTEGRITY_LEVEL_LOW INTEGRITY_LEVEL_UNTRUSTED Mitigations MITIGATION_BOTTOM_UP_ASLR MITIGATION_HEAP_TERMINATE MITIGATION_SEHOP MITIGATION_DEP_NO_ATL_THUNK MITIGATION_DEP MITIGATION_BOTTOM_UP_ASLR MITIGATION_HEAP_TERMINATE MITIGATION_SEHOP MITIGATION_DEP_NO_ATL_THUNK MITIGATION_DEP MITIGATION_BOTTOM_UP_ASLR MITIGATION_HEAP_TERMINATE MITIGATION_SEHOP MITIGATION_DEP_NO_ATL_THUNK MITIGATION_DEP Delayed Mitigations MITIGATION_STRICT_HANDLE_CHECKS MITIGATION_DLL_SEARCH_ORDER MITIGATION_STRICT_HANDLE_CHECKS MITIGATION_DLL_SEARCH_ORDER MITIGATION_STRICT_HANDLE_CHECKS MITIGATION_DLL_SEARCH_ORDER * Not implemented yet. ** Might be dropped. Windows Feature Header Gecko Media Plugin Sandbox Feature Level Job Level JOB_LOCKDOWN Access Token Level USER_LOCKDOWN, USER_RESTRICTED[1] Initial Integrity Level INTEGRITY_LEVEL_LOW Delayed Integrity Level INTEGRITY_LEVEL_UNTRUSTED Alternate desktop yes Mitigations MITIGATION_BOTTOM_UP_ASLR MITIGATION_HEAP_TERMINATE MITIGATION_SEHOP MITIGATION_DEP_NO_ATL_THUNK MITIGATION_DEP Delayed Mitigations MITIGATION_STRICT_HANDLE_CHECKS MITIGATION_DLL_SEARCH_ORDER [1] depends on the media plugin 64-bit Plugin Sandbox Feature Level Job Level JOB_UNPROTECTED Access Token Level USER_INTERACTIVE Initial Integrity Level INTEGRITY_LEVEL_LOW Delayed Integrity Level INTEGRITY_LEVEL_LOW Alternate desktop no Mitigations MITIGATION_BOTTOM_UP_ASLR MITIGATION_HEAP_TERMINATE MITIGATION_SEHOP MITIGATION_DEP_NO_ATL_THUNK MITIGATION_DEP Delayed Mitigations Firefox/win64 Wiki Page Release Announcement Windows 64-bit builds OSX Content Levels Job Level Detail Level 1 [1] write access to most of the filesystem inbound/outbound network I/O exec, fork printing Level 2 write access to most of the filesystem inbound/outbound network I/O exec, fork printing read ~/Library and the profile directory (apart from the weave and extensions subdirectories). Level 3 TBD [1] Level 1 restrictions are a subset of level 2. See How security.sandbox.content.level Affects File Access and Filter rules for more details. Gecko Media Plugins Filter rules Linux Content Filter ruleset Filesystem access policy Gecko Media Plugin Filter ruleset Testing TBD Debugging Features Activity Logging OSX Sandbox violation logging is on by default when the sandbox is enabled. Use the Console.app application to view the logs. TBD: bug 1306239 - Add pref to toggle OS X sandbox violation debugging, default off Windows The following prefs control sandbox logging on Windows: security.sandbox.windows.log (boolean) security.sandbox.windows.log.stackTraceDepth (integer) The following environment variables also control logging on Windows: MOZ_WIN_SANDBOX_LOGGING Linux The following environment variables control logging on Linux: MOZ_SANDBOX_VERBOSE Local Build Options To disable building the sandbox completely build with this in your mozconfig: ac_add_options --disable-sandbox To disable just the content sandbox parts: ac_add_options --disable-content-sandbox Misc. Environment variables ENVIRONMENT VARIABLE DESCRIPTION PLATFORM MOZ_DISABLE_CONTENT_SANDBOX Disables content process sandboxing for debugging purposes. All MOZ_DISABLE_GMP_SANDBOX Disable media plugin sandbox for debugging purposes, all platforms. All MOZ_DISABLE_NPAPI_SANDBOX Disable 64-bit NPAPI process sandbox, Windows specific. Windows MOZ_ALLOW_WEAKER_SANDBOX Specific to 64-bit Plugin sandbox, allows 64-bit NPAPI sandbox level to drop below 2. Windows Platform Specifics Windows Source Code Overview The core of the Windows sandbox is Google's chromium sandbox. Relative to the root of mozilla-central, the sandbox exists at: security/sandbox The chromium sandbox is based on the chromium base libraries (Google's code) which are located at: security/sandbox/chromium/base There is also partial/shim code to get the base code compiling with our SDK build settings or to limit the base code by reducing dependencies at: security/sandbox/chromium-shim/base The chromium Windows sandbox itself (Google's code) is located at: security/sandbox/chromium/sandbox/win Processes Overview There are 2 processes when dealing with a sandboxed application: The broker: The parent process that starts sandboxed children The target: The child process that is sandboxed Both processes make use of the chromium sandbox library, but they make use of it indirectly through 2 libraries (Mozilla code). This indirect use of the library is due to header conflicts with the ipc layer where it has a different, much older, non compatible, copy of the chromium base library (bug 925471): For the broker, ./security/sandbox/win/src/sandboxbroker For the target, ./security/sandbox/win/src/sandboxtarget Key source code locations The sandboxed target process lowers its own privileges after initialization via these calls: Content process GMP process NPAPI process Level descriptions header: http://mxr.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/source/security/sandbox/chromium/sandbox/win/src/security_level.h The call that starts the sandboxed process in Firefox is: https://dxr.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/rev/918df3a0bc1c/ipc/glue/GeckoChildProcessHost.cpp#1030 All of the code that sets policies can be found here: http://dxr.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/source/security/sandbox/win/src/sandboxbroker/sandboxBroker.cpp OSX The OSX sandbox is based on the TrustedBSD MAC Framework. It is undocumented and considered private by Apple. Mozilla OSX Sandbox Ruleset wiki page OSX Sandbox OSX sandbox policy language Linux Seccomp stands for secure computing mode. It's a simple sandboxing tool in the Linux kernel, available since Linux version 2.6.12. When enabling seccomp, the process enters a "secure mode" where a very small number of system calls are available (exit(), read(), write(), sigreturn()). Writing code to work in this environment is difficult; for example, dynamic memory allocation (using brk() or mmap(), either directly or to implement malloc()) is not possible. Seccomp-BPF is a more recent extension to seccomp, which allows filtering system calls with BPF (Berkeley Packet Filter) programs. Most of our Linux user base have systems that support seccomp-bpf. These filters can be used to allow or deny an arbitrary set of system calls, as well as filter on system call arguments (numeric values only; pointer arguments can't be dereferenced). Additionally, instead of simply terminating the process, the filter can raise a signal, which allows the signal handler to simulate the effect of a disallowed system call (or simply gather more information on the failure for debugging purposes). Seccomp-bpf is available since Linux version 3.5 and is usable on the ARM architecture since Linux version 3.10. Several backports are available for earlier kernel versions. For limitations that apply to the semantics of system calls (e.g., “can this process access the filesystem”, not “can this process use system call #83”) we require unprivileged user namespaces, which a large majority of desktop users don't support. Specifically: chroot()ing into a deleted directory to revoke FS access, and namespace unsharing for networking, SysV IPC if possible, and process IDs. seccomp-bpf filtering rules for various processes Bug Lists Windows Content Process sbwc1 low integrity sandbox support Roll out level 1 sandbox policy to release. (completed, fx50) sbwc2 file:/// isolation User token removal, to limit User directory file access use JOB_RESTRICTED to apply further global restrictions printing tests roll out level 3 to release (target: fx54) Need to scope out future milestones including: using an alternate desktop using an alternate winstation and desktop general file system (and registry) read access restrictions (USER_RESTRICTED / UESR_LOCKDOWN) JOB_LOCKDOWN reducing exposure to system APIs running at untrusted integrity level use of lowbox token / AppContainers OSX Content Process sbmc1 Roll out level 1 OSX security sandbox access ruleset. (completed, fx52) Prevent file system write access sbmc2 Home directory read access restrictions file:/// isolation roll out level2 OSX sandbox to release (target: fx54) sbmc3 TBD: Triage existing sandbox rules and define set to remove in milestone 3 File access: system /tmp and /var/folders/ and any other individual directories Limit User directory file access Linux Content Process sblc1 enable (heavily perforated) seccomp-bpf filter by default in Nightly sblc2 land basic file system broker remove/restrict file system write access roll out entry level file broker to release (target: fx53) sblc3 remove/restrict file system read access file:/// isolation? remote pulseaudio work (BLOCKED on media work, TBD) sblc4 remove/restrict socket access/modification and solve X11 problem sblc5 make use of chroot and user namespaces Windows 64-bit NPAPI sbwn1 (completed, fx52) Triage Lists Triage list: http://is.gd/Mfb8L9 Lists any bug with sb? Lists sandboxing component bugs that are not tracked by a milestone Ignores sb+, sb-, and sb? bugs with needinfos meta bugs sb? Triage List: http://is.gd/B3KscF does not include needinfo bugs sb? needinfos: http://is.gd/dnSyBs webrtc specific sandboxing bugs: https://is.gd/c5bAe6 sb tracking + 'webrtc' Communication Weekly Team Meeting Thursday at 8:00am PT Vidyo: "PlatInt" room Invitation: Contact Jim Mathies to get added to the meeting invite list. Meeting Notes Archive IRC Server: irc.mozilla.org Channel: #boxing Newsgroup/Mailing List boxing@lists.mozilla.org People Engineering Management Jim Mathies (jimm) Project Management TBD QA Tracy Walker (Quality Assurance Lead) Development Team Haik Aftandilian (haik) Julian Hector (tedd) Jim Mathies (jimm) Bob Owen (bobowen) David Parks (handyman) Gian-Carlo Pascutto (gcp) Other Teams kang, Security/OpSec Security Engineering SecurityEngineering Repo Module Ownership Cross platform Windows OSX Linux/B2G Links Electrolysis Wiki Page (lot of additional resource links) Chromium Sandbox Apple's Sandbox guide "Introducing Chrome's next-generation Linux sandbox" (seccomp-bpf related) Native Client on Wikipedia (Links to papers on Native Client's design and use of SFI, as well as papers on SFI itself.) Features of Protected Mode in Internet Explorer Research Ian's Internal Research page (2012) B2G Archive Firefox OS System Security page on MDN Sandboxing on b2g overview seccomp b2g filter perf data B2G has always been “sandboxed” to some extent; every app/tab gets its own content process, which uses the Android security model: a separate uid per process, no group memberships, and kernel patches that require group membership for things like network access. But privilege escalation via kernel vulnerabilities is relatively common, so we also use the seccomp-bpf system call filter to reduce the attack surface that a compromised content process can directly access. Older Old Meeting Notes Retrieved from "https://wiki.mozilla.org/index.php?title=Security/Sandbox&oldid=1160209" Navigation menu Personal tools Log in Request account Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history Actions Search Navigation Main page Product releases New pages Recent changes Recent uploads Popular pages Random page Help How to Contribute All-hands meeting Other meetings Contribute to Mozilla Mozilla Reps Student Ambassadors MozillaWiki News About Team Policies Releases @MozillaWiki Report a wiki bug Around Mozilla Mozilla Support Mozilla Developer Network Planet Mozilla Mozilla Blog Webmaker Research Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Import an Etherpad Browse properties Privacy policy About MozillaWiki Mobile view
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Society is 'on a collision course' with driverless cars, Davos leaders warned Technology threatens millions of jobs and raises a slew of ethical dilemmas Leading researcher said 'reality is we can't just keep our head in the sand like an ostrich In the US alone, four million people work as truckers, taxi drivers and drivers By Afp Published: 13:05 EST, 20 January 2017 | Updated: 13:05 EST, 20 January 2017 e-mail 23 shares 22 View comments One of the world's leading autonomous vehicle researchers has warned that the world is 'on a collision course' with self driving vehicles. The new technology threatens millions of jobs and raises a slew of ethical dilemmas—prospects that were on the minds of business chiefs and politicians meeting at the World Economic Forum this week. 'Companies are going to have to start thinking about it, governments are going to have to start thinking about it,' said Missy Cummings, the director of the Humans and Autonomy Lab at Duke University in North Carolina. Scroll down for video  Waymo's long-range lidar can see a football helmet two football fields away and uses a single integrated system 'The reality is we can't just keep our head in the sand like an ostrich,' she told AFP in Davos, singling out the coming impact on employment. In the United States alone, an estimated four million people work as truckers, taxi drivers and in other jobs that are under threat when the driverless vehicles come into widespread use—a matter of years, experts predict. In October, delivery drivers got an uncomfortable glimpse of the future when a self-driving truck built by Uber's Otto unit successfully delivered a beer shipment.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Why UPS drivers never turn left - and how it could help cut... Privacy warning over hit photo app Meitu: Researchers warn... Could we have LIMITLESS energy in just 10 years? World's... Samsung's Siri competitor will be able to SEE: Bixby will... Share this article Share 23 shares Cars with some autonomous functions—such as the ability to adjust the speed—are already on our roads, and more than a dozen automakers including BMW, Kia, Volkswagen and General Motors are racing to get fully self-driving cars to market by 2020. Champions of the technology point to its potential to reduce the 1.3 million road deaths worldwide each year—too many of them at the hands of a tired or distracted driver, or one who simply did not react fast enough. The auto industry is already changing fast thanks to the advent of services like Uber and electric vehicles, and carmakers are eyeing both the threats and opportunities. Renault-Nissan chief Carlos Ghosn summed up the transformations as a 'reshuffling of the cards' for the industry. THE GROUNDBREAKING DRIVE THAT CONVINCED GOOGLE  A trip taken by Steve Mahan, former director of the Santa Clara Valley Blind Center, was an 'inflection point' in the development of self-driving cars.  Steve Mahan, who is blind, gestures for a steering wheel that doesn't exist inside a Waymo driverless car during a Google event, Tuesday, Dec. 13, 2016, in San Francisco. At left is Waymo principal software engineer Nathaniel Fairfield. The self-driving car project that Google started seven years ago has grown into a company called Waymo. Taken in October 2015 , a pod-like car with no steering wheel and brake pads drove a legally blind passenger around neighborhoods in Austin, Texas without another human in the vehicle. It marked the first time one of the project's cars had given a passenger a ride without a human on hand to take control of a self-driving car if something went wrong. A trip taken by Steve Mahan, former director of the Santa Clara Valley Blind Center, was an 'inflection point' in the development of self-driving cars, Google executives said. 'There is a new game, let's see who is going to be able to prevail,' he told an audience in Davos. The dash for driverless technology is bringing new players into the car business, notably Google, Apple and BlackBerry. The disruption will create jobs too—engineering posts and roles in any number of new services. There is talk of mobile doctors' surgeries and moving nail salons. But the transition will be painful, not least because most cabbies and truck drivers are not qualified to slide seamlessly into new engineering roles. ROBOT JOB LOSSES  Robots are to be blamed for job losses over the last decade, CEOs of companies across the globe have said. Business leaders gathered at the annual World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos warned this week that the collateral damage to jobs needs to be addressed more seriously. From taxi drivers to healthcare professionals more and more jobs are at risk, down to technologies including robotics, driverless cars, artificial intelligence and 3-D printing. Adidas, for example, aims to use 3-D printing in the manufacture of some running shoes. 'Jobs will be lost, jobs will evolve and this revolution is going to be ageless, it's going to be classless and it's going to affect everyone,' said Meg Whitman, chief executive of Hewlett Packard Enterprise.     'We don't have, at this point, really well designed (plans) for re-education,' said EU transport commissioner Violeta Bulc at a panel in Davos. 'All this massive change that has not been experienced before, because digitalisation is really making dramatic shifts.' Offices on the move How to regulate the new vehicles is already giving a headache to authorities around the world. Inga Beale, CEO of the Lloyd's of London insurance market, said in Davos that insurers were having to grapple with the question of liability in case of an accident. The US government unveiled a regulatory framework in September, but the carmakers are having to deal with ethical and legal dilemmas too. At the extreme end, if an intelligent car is faced with the terrible choice of killing one person to swerve around a crowd of five, what should it do? There was some relief for the industry when the US government this week found no safety-related defect in a fatal crash involving a Tesla car on autopilot last May. THE JOBS AT RISK  A study last year revealed the five jobs most at risk of automation. These are: Accountants are 99 per cent likely to lose their jobs to machines. Umpires and referees have a 98.3 per cent chance of being automated. Waiters and waitress are 93.7 per cent likely to be replaced by machines. Legal assistants and paralegals have a 94.5 per cent chance of being automated. Fashion models are 97.6 per cent likely to lose the lime light because of robots.    In public, auto bosses are focusing on the ways that going driverless is going to change our lives for the better. Ghosn painted a picture of a world where we are liberated not only to check our emails or watch TV while in the driver's seat, but also run an entire office on the move. 'You can be in the car and do everything you're doing in the house or in the office—except that it's mobile,' he enthused. Eventually, automated transport systems and innovations such as shared car ownership could free up our congested cities and clean up our air, promoters say. For now, the approach is safety-first: the beer-delivering Uber truck had a human watching from the cabin, and a police car in tow. While some supporters of Donald Trump and Brexit may hope new government policies will bring lost jobs back to America's Rust Belt or Britain's industrial north, economists estimate 86 percent of U.S. manufacturing job losses are actually down to productivity, according to the WEF's annual risks report. 'Technology is the big issue and we don't acknowledge that,' Mark Weinberger, chairman of consultancy EY, said yesterday, arguing there was a tendency to always blame trading partners. The political backdrop is prompting CEOs to take the challenge of long-life training of workforces more seriously, in order to keep up with the exponential growth of technological advances. 'I think what we're reaching now is a time when we may have to find alternative careers through our lifetime,' Microsoft Chief Executive Satya Nadella told Reuters. Research shows that the automation of U.S. factories is a much bigger factor than foreign trade in the loss of factory jobs Over the last decade, more jobs have been lost to technology than any other factor, and John Drzik, head of global risk at insurance broker Marsh, expects more of the same. 'That is going to raise challenges, particularly given the political context,' Drzik, who helped compile the WEF report, said.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 23 shares Most watched News videos Pizza Hut customer finds workers in the back of empty restaurant in Bristol Graphic: NZ Breakers player's eye dislodged in horrific injury Shocking CCTV shows car speed into Humber Bridge barrier 'There goes that relationship' Trump's quip to BBC question Heartwarming scene as Grayce shares her puppies with owner Florida couple passed out in their car with two children in the backseat A close look at the huge crack formed across Arizona desert Enraged man punches laptop and quits job during 'meltdown' at airport Alarming moment guy violently pushes man onto tube tracks Bizarre footage of multiple UFOs hovering near Mexican border CCTV shows brave man fighting nunchuck-wielding robbers Inauguration etiquette 101: Escort First Lady up White House steps First ladies first? Why didn't Trump wait for Melania at... Two-mile crack is found in the Arizona desert: Giant... Live by the sword, die by the sword: Stunning... Devastated father tells how mother died in court 'because... 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for... What a special relationship! Trump gets touchy-feely with... Bizarre moment customer walks into empty Pizza Hut and... Smiling conman bags £330 'refund' for a TV he just picked... HE'S FIRED! Trump administration tells Border Patrol... The gruesome moment a basketball player's EYE pops out... 'Well there goes that relationship!' President Trump... Drugged out USA: The moment a couple high on meth and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments 22 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read What to do in a nuclear attack: As the world edges closer to doomsday, experts reveal their tips for... Coughton Court's secret room: 3D scans finally unveil a priest hole hidden in the walls of the famous... Can YOU solve this McDonald's maths puzzle? Brainteaser that has left the internet baffled is harder than it... Climate change and NOT humans killed off Australia's Ice Age megabeasts including 500lb kangaroos and... A cluster of UFOs was filmed hovering over the border between the US and Mexico... but the footage has... Corn is turning french hamsters into 'deranged cannibals' that eat their own offspring The ultra secure, self-destructing 'black phone' Donald Trump SHOULD be using revealed amid claims the... Stunned Pittsburgh museum workers find a REAL human skull inside the 148 year old plaster head of a diarama... The ultimate Nerf: $100 'Nemesis' that can hold 100 foam pellets and fire them at 70mph revealed Who's a good boy? Study finds dogs will always share their treats - especially with their friends Talk about going the extra mile! Shark travels half way around the world in just 600 days in new world... Get ready for the iCig: Apple files patent for a VAPE that could also be used for marijuana Did Earth makes its OWN water deep in the mantle? New theory could solve the mystery of our planet's liquid... NASA study reveals how much radiation REALLY hits you when you travel by plane A human-pig hybrid embryo has been created in a world first: Breakthrough could open up the possibility for... MORE HEADLINES Finally! iPhone users can now send WhatsApp messages OFFLINE: Here’s how to do it MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor dies aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint  Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy sweater as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumors Casual look Snapping back into shape! Terry Richardson shares NUDE post-baby bod photo of girlfriend Alexandra 'Skinny' Bolotow Controversial snapper Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks amid sole custody battle after bombshell allegations about Thicke having affairs Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  The Canadian entertainer died at 69 Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling secretly wed Flashy Why Jackie O is STILL the First Lady of fashion: A hit film means even more stars trying to copy JFK's widow but they rarely pull it off, says SANDRA HOWARD PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy Strolling hand-in-hand PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Enjoyed a carefree night out with friends in Los Angeles 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumors  'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks 21kg (47lbs) weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy The 19 Kids And Counting star 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman 'He joined the Nazi Party': The Young and the Restless star Eric Braeden reveals details about his German father and long career in new memoir Buxom Pamela Anderson, 49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash Baywatch babe Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA She decided to take her turn at the other end of the camera  Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a naughty best man Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC She is 34 She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Keeping fit That's certainly one way to catch the Royal eye! ROBERT HARDMAN on how the Queen undertook her first public engagement of 2017 with a celebration of all things Fijian 'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear The 19-year-old reality star No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA A model's work is never done!  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn She's gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny, to a multi-millionaire  EXCLUSIVE: Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for makeout sessions during NYC dinner date Fun family yoga! Coco Austin holds her baby girl in the air while resting on her sister's hands and feet in impressive new Instagram pic 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour She bared her taut legs as she posed for a selfie David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite Pictured: William and Kate get $25,000 yew hedge to give their new palace home some privacy  The royal couple have hired gardeners Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat She let fans glimpse how much work goes into getting ready SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Elizabeth Hurley's favorite photographer, son Damian, 14 He took this picture in the Maldives which she shared on social media Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Sharon Stone, 58, shows off her perfect bikini body in a black two-piece on sunshine break  Looked almost ageless Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbors found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back She died aged 22 Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Out in the Big Apple 'I decided to save my own life': Woman, 44, loses 35 KILOS in two years by running and following an alkaline diet... and she says 'anyone can do it' The 'Oh Yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer $175million but he's never even SEEN the movie You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more UK TV star Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips naked to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap She is covered by just a white sheet Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Reportedly uninvited  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Paying respects It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym The beautiful 27-year-old British actress Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 Worn by the 65-year-old actor in the 1992 movie A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Posed on the beach Aloha! Amber Rose showcases curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Not one to usually shy away from showing off her eye-popping figure 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She won't return Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in defamation case Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 The Royals actress Paula Patton claims ex Robin Thicke invited his drug dealer to their son's 5th birthday and that he punched her in court documents as she fights for sole custody  Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school students during Malawi charity trip Shed her usual pop star privileges He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles The DNCE frontman  Katherine Webb is accused of 'body shaming' after she shared an image of her son's bare bottom while stating it is the 'only time butt dimples are cute' Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  She died on Wednesday Rapper Chief Keef is arrested at his million-dollar LA home after his former producer accused the artist of 'assaulting and robbing him with an AK-47' Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram She's looking hotter than ever on social media Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-colored bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Crazy for couture! FEMAIL rounds up the girliest one-of-a-kind gowns from Paris Couture Fashion Week and shows you where to shop equally pretty pieces for much less 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photo of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing The beauty shared images of her injuries Make way for Megyn! NBC 'to revamp the Today show and possibly move Hoda and Kathie Lee from their timeslot when Kelly joins the network' 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set Highly anticipated 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik Swift at her sexiest Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander Dominic and Alicia have worked together before Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches in between takes on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl She is yet to confirm they are expecting a second child As Couture Fashion Week comes to a close, FEMAIL breaks down the street style outfits modeled by Bella Hadid, Olivia Palermo and Kendall Jenner  'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears She captioned the pic: '#Legends #BlondesRule #FBF' Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Gideon and Harper were making cupcakes Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Her character will give fans a closer look into Will's timeline Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project in New York City She is in the city shooting bio-pic Can You Ever Forgive Me? Beauty crash course: Kate Hudson's manicurist shares the surprising household items you can use to create on-trend DIY nail looks this weekend  Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for appearance on The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Judy Garland's remains are dug up from her grave in New York and moved to LA 48 years after her death by her daughter Liza Minnelli  'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on 47lbs for new film Gold Nothing says I love you like bondage rope... Gwyneth Paltrow debuts saucy Valentine's gift guide filled with crude jewelry, risque lingerie and organic condoms Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice The Rich Girl hitmaker gushed: 'There's nobody like Celine' City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman Bristol Palin shares snap of herself testing out new pregnancy pillow given to her by her husband and son, just days after she slammed the Women's March Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Spotted in Los Angeles Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage's disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX He gave a glimpse of his battle with baldness on Thursday 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of fine for dangerous cliff diving During a break in filming on Pacific Rim: Uprising Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after the school run Mother of three kids and a successful actress Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Posing on her Snapchat Story in a sheer top In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day out  Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Hotly anticipated movie Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! A pram fit for a king! Pregnant Cheryl and One Direction's Liam Payne get delivery from Royal family favorite company Preparing Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Logan actor hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Funny clip She's got the moves! Steph Curry's adorable daughter Riley, 4, steals the show again with impromptu dab-off at father's high school jersey retirement Rafael Nadal's girlfriend Xisca Perello joins him for the first time at Australian Open and gives him some VERY close support... as he reaches the final 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organized pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks Is this your shady sitcom star? Tom Arnold tweets about 'weather in Africa' as I'm A Celebrity posts silhouette video that matches Roseanne actor PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  Very excited fans Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes her dog for a walk... amid rumors her relationship with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is over Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live by Night results in $75million loss for Warner Bros Took critical response to Batman v Superman very personally Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North Ultimate bachelorette pad! Mary Tyler Moore's home from her days as Mary Richards goes on sale for $1.7m boasting seven bedrooms, nine bathrooms and SAUNA  Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Shout out to my (other) ex: Perrie Edwards deletes Instagram snap of boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain after that nightclub row  Is it over already? Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich, UK Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child, ex Paula Patton and her mother'  Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub Mistakenly named as an Oscar nominee. Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend She took a stroll in West Hollywood Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco Obama is set to cash in on presidency with a reported $20MILLION advance for his memoirs  'Go for more than any president's before it' From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  'Do better!' Lucy Hale is slammed on Twitter after joking about showing off 'baby hairs' in a shoot, prompting many to accuse her of ignorance  Portraits fit for the Queen go up for auction: Pictures of Royals and political leaders by artist who painted Her Majesty while she watched racing on TV  Specs appeal! Baywatch beauty Priyanka Chopra rocks aviator eyeglasses while out in New York City Plays Alex Parrish on the ABC thriller Quantico A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a TV show appearance 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Throwback Thursday! Kristen Bell shares snap of her crying at her 2013 wedding to Dax Shepard The 36-year-old actress wrote: '#tbt to when I cried at our wedding' 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere On the red carpet Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC  She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leaves for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Jetting off 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke Will headline an upcoming ABC thriller  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala Forever associated with his on-screen love affair 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body The 32-year-old reality star  Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  They seem to be serious Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore Sharing heartache 'Sorry to offend the black-stretch-pants women of America with a little color': Kellyanne Conway defends her inaugural look after social media mocking  Ivana Trump took a first class flight out of Washington DC just SIX hours after the inauguration to avoid running into Marla Maples EXCLUSIVE: Allman Brothers Band drummer Butch Trucks shot himself in the head at his beachfront Florida condo in front of his artist wife of 25 years 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today Interview on The Rich Eisen Show Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign For her latest modelling campaign Chris on a bike! Coldplay star Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  Donned a helmet Doomed Russian submarine used in Harrison Ford's K-19: the Widowmaker flick is bound for the scrapyard as lawsuit orders its removal from the Providence River  'Dreamt about Alexis ... I started crying': Patricia Arquette makes emotional revelation while mourning late sibling who died four months ago Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia Starred as the title character from 1967 to 1975 EXCLUSIVE: Joanna Krupa ordered to hand over her gynecological records in lawsuit against Brandi Glanville for calling the model's private parts 'smelly' Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Southside With You's Tika Sumpter reveals how her fiancé Nicholas popped the question Christmas day The 36-year-old new mother  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Vacation time She's Coming Out! Diana Ross bundles up in sweats and Uggs for grocery run in Los Angeles She's one legendary vocalists  Better late than never! Aussie actor Brendan Cowell will join the cast of Game Of Thrones in the cult show's final season Seventh season  'Still cancer free!' Flip or Flop's Tarek El Moussa celebrates latest health tests while turmoil continues with estranged wife Christina A tough few months  Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Yet to collaborate onscreen Oscar-nominee Octavia Spencer homages Mary Tyler Moore in accepting Harvard's Hasty Pudding award Academy Award-winning actress Kristen Stewart and former co-star Chloe Grace Moretz hang out in LA for second day in a row They starred in Clouds Of Sils Maria together Casual cool! Alessandra Ambrosio jets back into LA in black sweatsuit after attending Paris Fashion Week It's all in a day's work  RHOBH star Dorit Kemsley flashes her bra in sheer top but adds a fur coat for warmth while out in NYC She is quickly making a name for herself  Jean genie! Emma Roberts dons double denim as she heads to lunch with fiance Evan Peters following weekend birthday celebrations 'I want this predator off the street': Black-ish star Jenifer Lewis sues gym chain after personal trainer lover  'conned her out of $50K' Lawsuit Rebel with a cause! Aussie actor Wilson gets patriotic as she puts on Australia Day party complete with sausage rolls for her Pitch Perfect co-stars including Ruby Rose Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed black hat as she goes sightseeing in Paris... a day after surprise visit to northern France's refugees It's the little things! Cate Blanchett and husband Andrew Upton take two of their big brood for a wintry stroll in New York She is 47 'That waist is impossible!': Chloe Lattanzi bares her EXTREMELY lean midsection in a boob tube and hipster jeans sparking debate among fans Amber Le Bon flashes her lithe pins in a floaty mini dress as she takes to the decks at Tiffany and Co. Munich bash Arriving at the brand's A New York Minute launch Paris Hilton brings some Hollywood glamour to London as she heads for another night out in blue furry wrap and statement shades Nick Cannon jokes he used to 'stalk' Beyonce in throwback Thursday snap He wrote '@Beyonce was looking at me like "Little Boy Please!!"  Mel's back on the frontline: It's the bloodiest film about a pacifist you'll ever see - and promises to fire director Mel Gibson back to the top of the Hollywood tree Eugenie has a spot of bother: Princess tries (and fails) to hide dark blemish on her top lip as she attends party in London's Mayfair  She was extremely guarded  Street style! Elle Fanning cuts a casual figure at LAX after gracing the cover of Vanity Fair's glamorous Hollywood issue  At the airport No traffic snarls here! Secret Service use just two SUVs for morning run to Barron Trump's school - and no streets are closed along the way The Bold and The Beautiful to film episodes in Australia in celebration of show's 30th TV anniversary... and to boost tourism Next month 'We weren't the popular kids at school': Ed Sheeran reveals what drives him and BFF Taylor Swift to chart-conquering success Speaking to GQ PETA power: Animal rights group will protest opening night of A Dog's Life after canine was seen being forced into turbulent water on set, despite stars claims that video is misleading Puppy love! Sofia Richie steps out in brightly coloured ensemble as she carries her pet pooch to lunch in West Hollywood With her pooch Rod Stewart borrows style tips from UK TV's Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Leaving LA ith the rest of the Kardashian clan Olivia's band of survivors: Newton-John, Beth Nielsen Chapman and Amy Sky pack an emotional punch on album Liv On New release Star Wars actress Daisy Ridley set to lead historical WWII drama A Woman Of No Importance Paramount Pictures announcement Why Breaking Bad's Bryan is going to be 'mad as hell': Actor to make his London stage debut in theater version of the film Network Treading the boards Brooklyn Beckham looks ready to create some street art as he makes a low-key arrival at exhibition launch  Arriving at the Buster and Punch X Endless Filth show Winter is coming...this summer! Game Of Thrones season 7 release date 'leaked' online after premiere was pushed back Preparing for the comeback Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Took her nail game to the next level  Now WIRE nails are the latest beauty trend: Manicurist creates incredibly intricate designs out of shaped metal... so would you try it? Sequel that is well worth choo-choo choosing: T2 Trainspotting is a darkly funny follow-up to the original    Director is Danny Boyle  Britney Spears flashes her pelvis tattoos in VERY lowcut sweatpants on Snapchat as she flaunts her figure in selfie shared by her stylist  'Much happier' Brad Pitt emerges for solo outing after 'spending more time with his children' amid ugly split from Angelina Jolie In Los Angeles  Julianne Hough flashes some skin in plunging top as she pampers herself at LA salon Sometimes a girl's just got to spend time being pampered Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Two peas in a pod! Amber Heard steps out with lookalike sister Whitney to walk her pups after winning custody of animals in divorce from Depp 'Suicide is a serious issue': Idina Menzel apologizes for saying she wanted to 'slit her own wrists' during interview Faced criticism I'm kicking cancer's a**': Fitness model, 24, diagnosed with aggressive ovarian cancer shares photo showing her hair growing back after chemotherapy Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London Made a rare outing  EXCLUSIVE: Mary J. Blige knocks ANOTHER $1 million off her New Jersey mansion as her soon-to-be ex demands $130,000 a month in spousal support Teen Mom star Jenelle Evans shares first pictures of  newborn daughter Ensley Following the birth of her third child on Tuesday she took to Instagram Eating for two! Ciara showcases her growing baby bump in a skintight top as she steps out for dinner in LA First child with husband Russell Wilson Shannen Doherty touches down in New York as she takes to the road to travel and give back as she awaits cancer treatment results  'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Very similar looking 'The stress was too much for my body': Eva Amurri Martino reveals milk supplied reduced after son's accident as she discusses decision to quit breastfeeding Could Kardashians get a place in the blueblood bible? New owner of Burke's Peerage wants it updated for the 21st Century  New accolade? Putting her best foot forward! Kesha rocks schoolgirl mini skirt and thigh-high boots as she travels out of LA The 29-year-old Tik Tok chart-topper  Double duty: Quick change Ali Larter and Milla Jovovich put on a stylish show on film promo tour of New York Busy promoting the latest installment Kourtney Kardashian goes for the sporty look in athletic gear while running errands with Mason The mother of three is always on the move Turning heads on take off! Amber Rose flashes ample cleavage in clingy top as she jets out of LA The 33-year-old was spotted leaving Los Angeles on Thursday How Mary Tyler Moore championed diabetes research: Beloved late actress was the first - and only - high profile celeb to advocate for Type 1 'That hair!' LeAnn Rimes shares a throwback photo of herself as a child star with huge bouffant Today shared an awkward throwback 'There are things in my past that make me sick': Singer from rock band Cheap Girls admits to 'predatory' behavior and abusing the 'artist-fan dynamic' as he announces split A new girl (or boy)! Zooey Deschanel, 37, is expecting her second child with husband Jacob Pechenik Mum to Elsie Otter Showing Bucky what he's missing! Ashley Hart sports a smile and flaunts her fabulous figure in a bikini less than week after split from Buck Palmer A castle headdress, parrot wings and a LOBSTER outfit: Miss Universe contestants strut their stuff in very bizarre 'national costumes' EXCLUSIVE: Last minute hitch in Uma Thurman's custody battle with ex-fiancée Arpad Busson as the actress blows off court appearance for a play Shia LaBeouf is back speaking against Trump after attacking fellow protester live on camera - but now has his mom and wife by his side for support Diana Kruger highlights her endless legs in sheer pink mini-dress with faux fur stole as she attends gala dinner at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week Shine bright! FEMAIL reveals why you should stop saving your sequins for evenings and start rocking the over-the-top detail in broad daylight Be our guest! Emma Watson stuns in new Beauty And The Beast posters released ahead of the film's final trailer Disney fans are in for quite the treat today Sherri Shepherd's ex-husband Lamar Sally prepares to use her own Christmas card against her in court as bitter child support battle continues She's a rebel! Bella Thorne gets yet ANOTHER piercing on inside of her ear after getting a nipple ring  Already has multiple piercings  Hot new couple The Weeknd and Selena Gomez enjoy fun and games at arcade with pals  The pair headed to Dave & Buster's with friends  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story The Kushners break bread with Team Trump: Jared and Ivanka welcome several members of the President's cabinet for the first big Shabbat meal at their new DC home  comments 2 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Share Tweet Apple writes letter to US transport regulators about the future of... Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube RSS Hot Topics AirPods review How to fix new MacBook Pro 2016 hardware problems iPhone 7s release date Apple Watch 2 Best iPhone buying guide 2017 Latest Apple Deals » Home News Apple News iCar release date rumours, features and images | Apple Car rumours iCar release date rumours, features and images | Apple Car rumours: Apple writes letter to US transport regulators about the future of autonomous cars, calls for regulation to be put in place Reports suggest that Apple is developing an electric iCar to rival Tesla. With reports that Apple is now focusing on an autonomous driving system, is Apple still manufacturing an iCar, and when will the iCar be launched? We look at all the evidence. Latest: Apple pens letter to US transport regulators. by Lewis Painter | 20 Jan 17 Share Tweet   Comments Contents Evidence that Apple is working on an iCar Evidence that Apple isn't working on an iCar When will the Apple iCar launch? Driverless or electric? What will the Apple iCar look like? Patents Leaked images Pricing Since February 2015, there have been various reports that Apple is working on a car that will "give Tesla a run for its money" after Business Insider spoke to an Apple employee with knowledge of the subject. This, coupled with sightings of cars registered to Apple, clad with sensors/cameras (which were later debunked), got everyone talking about the prospects of an Apple Car, or iCar. The iCar project is codenamed 'Titan', according to The Wall Street Journal, which originally stated there were "several hundred" Apple employees working on the project. With some reports describing an electric car and others describing a self-driving car, is there any truth to the claim or is it like the Apple TV set everyone was talking about a couple of years ago? Well… Updated with news of a letter penned by Apple to US transport regulators about self-driving cars. Evidence that Apple is working on an iCar Here is where we list some of the most prominent rumours suggesting Apple is making an iCar.  Also read: Apple rumours and predictions for 2016. Apple pens letter to US transport regulators about self-driving car rules While many had believed that Apple was stepping away from the autonomous car project, a recent letter penned to US transport regulators by Apple's director of product integrity Steve Kenner may suggest otherwise. Apple has apparently said that it was "excited about the potential of automated systems in many areas, including transportation" and that there were "significant societal benefits of automated vehicles" to be realised.  An Apple spokesman has confirmed that the letter to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) was prompted by its "heavy investment in machine learning and autonomous systems" and that it wanted to help define best practises in the industry going forward.  The letter urges regulators to not introduce too many rules regarding the testing of self-driving cars, claiming that "established manufacturers and new entrants should be treated equally". Kenner also suggests that companies should share data from crashes and near-misses to build a more comprehensive picture than would be possible by one company alone, helping to improve the systems.  Of course, with Apple being so focused on user privacy, it'd be out of character not to mention it in the letter. Kenner notes that an individual's privacy should not be compromised by the sharing of data, and that regulators "address privacy challenges associated with the collection, use, and sharing of automated vehicle data".  Apple CEO Tim Cook hints at motoring focus during Q4 2016 results During Apple's Q4 2016 financial results, Apple CEO Tim Cook answered a flurry of questions regarding Apple Pay, Siri and most importantly, the Apple Car. While the CEO neither confirmed or denied the existence of Apple's rumoured electric car, he said that Apple "always looks for ways that we can improve the experience and the customers' experience on different sets of products".  “And we are always looking at new things, and the car space in general is an area that it's clear that there is a lot of technologies that will either become available or will be able to revolutionise the car experience.” he continued. "And so it's interesting from that point of view, but nothing to, certainly nothing to announce today." As usual, Cook is speaking in riddles, but if you read between the lines, it does hint that Apple may have something to announce somewhere down the line.  Apple hires BlackBerry engineers for autonomous car OS project in Canada Bloomberg reports that Apple and its Project Titan team - focusing on an autonomous car OS following the closure of the Apple Car project - have hired a number of former BlackBerry engineers as part of a new Canadian office in Kanata, a suburb of Ottawa. "Many of the engineers working in Canada were hired over the past year and about two dozen came from BlackBerry's QNX, a leading automotive software provider," writes the outlet, citing "people familiar with the matter". Among Apple's hires from QNX is Dan Dodge, the firm's CEO. QNX staff were targeted by Apple because of the company's experience "developing fundamental components of operating systems and power management", an ex-QNX employee told Bloomberg. Apple 'in talks to buy McLaren' According to a report from the Financial Times (paywalled) citing three sources with knowledge of the project, Apple is apparently in talks to buy luxury supercar maker McLaren with the aim of improving its iCar project. What the Financial Times isn't clear about is whether this is a major investment or an outright purchase of the company, stating: "The California technology group, which has been working on a self-driving electric vehicle for more than two years, is considering a full takeover of McLaren or a strategic investment, according to three people briefed on the negotiations who said talks started several months ago." While this may seem strange on the surface, there is logic behind the rumoured buyout. The successor to the hugely popular McLaren P1 is indeed rumoured to be electric, and as well as this, McLaren's Applied Technologies Group supplies electronics to a range of companies, to those within Formula One to NASCAR, and has apparently done an extensive amount of work on data center optimisation, ideal for Apple's self-driving electric car efforts.  Apple 'rethinking strategy on self-driving cars', lays off a number of staff According to a report from the New York Times, Apple is said to be rethinking its self-driving car strategy as other tech giants like Google and even Uber appear ready to start road testing their competing efforts. According to three people briefed on Apple’s move (that aren’t allowed to speak about it publically, of course), the company has laid off dozens of employees working on the project, signalling issues with Apple’s ambitious car project. It’s not the first time that Apple’s car project has been in trouble, as the company had to draft in Bob Mansfield, Apple veteran, in July 2016 to oversee the project and drive it forward as no real progress had been made. Apple is said to have told affected employees that the layoffs were a part of a “reboot” of the project, and of course, Apple has refused to officially make a comment. Autocar report According to a report by Autocar, Apple is planning on aggressively selling the new iCar at a rate of half a million cars per year. This projection is ten times the sales by Tesla - a figure hard to envisage. In the report, Apple is set to change the way the car industry is heading, with radical design changes. It is also rumoured that Apple will have an iCar by 2021 with a fully autonomous car planned to launch by around 2026. Of course, these are all speculations and rumours, so take the report and speculations with a pinch of salt. Supply chain rumours In August 2016, Neil Cybart, the founder of Above Avalon, an analyst firm which concentrates on Apple, mentioned on Twitter the new developments of Apple's supply chain. It is stated that Apple has recently signed an NDA (non-disclosure agreement) with a major South Korean battery developer for cylindrical lithium-ion batteries. This is a strong indication that Apple is looking into electric cars and potentially driverless cars. We will be sure to update this article if we learn of any developments in Apple's supply chain. New roles working at Apple According to the WSJ, Apple has appointed Bob Mansfield (previously Senior Vice President of Technologies at Apple) to work and oversee the Electric Vehicle Team at the company. He previously was set to retire in June 2012, but has been involved in numerous special projects at the company. This further solidifies claims that Apple is committed to releasing their very own iCar, Apple Car or Titan project. It has also been reported by appleinsider that the project is delayed until 2021, a year after its inital rollout. As with all things, take this date prediction with a pinch of salt. Money spent on R&D It has emerged that Apple has spent $10bn in research and development costs, which is more than triple of what it spent just four years ago ($3bn). This massive increase in R&D costs, does suggest that Apple is developing something a lot bigger than simply a new iPhone, iPad or Mac device. Apple's future competitors In a recent interview with the BBC, Ford boss Mark Fields claims that the future rivals of the company may not be the likes of BMW and Audi, but instead tech companies like Google and Apple. Fields went on to explain that Ford's working assumption is that Apple is indeed building a car, and that the assumption provides Ford with "the right motivation to make sure we stay very focused not only on the product but overall on the experience that the customer has interacting with the product and the services that we have." This is following the opening of a new Ford-owned technology business in Palo Alto where employees will be working on autonomous cars that can drive automatically, as well as working with IoT companies to see how people interact with their vehicles. If nothing else, it's an interesting look at what big companies like Ford expect to see on the road within the next five to ten years regardless of Apple's efforts. Apple CEO Tim Cook comments on Apple Car rumours  It takes a lot for the CEO of a company to openly discuss rumours surrounding their own upcoming products, especially when it's the CEO of a secretive company like Apple. However, as unlikely as it seems, Tim Cook has recently teased the media about the possibility of an Apple Car in the future. While he didn't directly comment on the likelihood of an Apple Car, during a recent interview with Fortune, Cook said: "we don’t have to spend large amounts to explore". Apparently, Apple becomes "committed" to a project once the company begins spending huge amounts of money on tools, company acquisitions and other processes (as rumours suggest the company has), although hiring experts don't seem to count. "We explore things with teams of people. And that’s a part of being curious," Cook said. It wasn't the last that Cook had to say about the iCar, either. Only days after speaking to Fortune, Cook teased attendees at an Apple shareholders meeting about future possibilities. "Do you remember when you were a kid, and Christmas Eve... it was so exciting," Cook reportedly said. "You weren't sure what was going to be downstairs. Well, it's going to be Christmas Eve for a while." We'll obviously be waiting some time for an Apple-branded car, but the latest comments from the Apple CEO will definitely add fuel to the fire. 'Engine noises' heard late at night at Apple Car campus If Apple isn't developing a car, this rumour will be pretty hard to explain: AppleInsider has reported that someone who lives near Apple's mysterious campus in Sunnyvale, Calfornia (believed to be where Apple is developing its car) complained about "motor noises" coming from the facility at night.  "[Do] there have to [be] motor noises at 11:00 p.m. at night like last night? Even with the windows closed I could still hear it," the resident reportedly remarked.  However, the resident may be mistaken - construction sounds sound similar to the revving of an engine, especially at a distance. Last year, Sunnyvale issued permits to Apple allowing the company to build a "windowless repair garage" at one of the buildings Apple operates at, so it's possible that is what was heard - although why the construction would take place at night is a mystery.  It's also worth noting that if Apple is building a prototype car at the facility, the noises could be the sound of the lathes and mills required to shape the metal, a notoriously noisy process. Ford exec welcomes Apple to automotive industry The Apple Car is shrouded in mystery, with the only real information we have (if that's what you can call it) is in the form of leaks and rumours, but that hasn't stopped people from forming opinions - in fact, even car company executives are chiming in on the rumours. During an interview with TrustedReviews at CES 2016, Don Butler, Executive Director of Ford Connected Vehicles said that Ford welcomes the competition from Apple and that he thinks that techie companies including Apple and Google "can do it". “We welcome others joining. We welcome the activity that’s in the space. We think it’s exciting. It’s actually changed that we are embracing,” said Butler when discussing the automotive industry. “So I think Apple can do it. I think Google can do it.” While it's far from confirmation that Apple is creating the iCar, it goes to show that if/when Apple does enter the automotive industry, it's presence will be welcomed by the likes of Ford. From the above, it seems as if Ford believes that the likes of Apple and Google can (if they aren't already) change the automotive industry and the way we interact with cars for the better. In an interview with the BBC, Ford boss Mark Fields claims that the future rivals of the company may not be the likes of BMW and Audi, but instead tech companies like Google and Apple. Fields went on to explain that Ford's working assumption is that Apple is indeed building a car, and that the assumption provides Ford with "the right motivation to make sure we stay very focused not only on the product but overall on the experience that the customer has interacting with the product and the services that we have." This is following the opening of a new Ford-owned technology business in Palo Alto where employees will be working on autonomous cars that can drive automatically, as well as working with IoT companies to see how people interact with their vehicles. If nothing else, it's an interesting look at what big companies like Ford expect to see on the road within the next five to ten years regardless of Apple's efforts. Apple buys car-related domain names As first reported by MacRumours, it appears that Apple has bought a number of car-related domain names including apple.car, apple.cars and apple.auto. The purchases took place in December 2015 and were brought to light via Whois, a service that finds information regarding specific domain names and IP addresses. Whois records were updated on January 8 2016 to show that Apple had registered the domains through registrar MarkMonitor Inc, although it’s worth noting that none of the registered domains are currently active. While this may seem like confirmation that Apple is working on an Apple Car, it may not be the case; Apple could be buying the domains for use with Apple’s in-car system, CarPlay. It could also be to stop potential scammers looking to make money from people in light of the recent Apple Car rumours. Although with this being said, Apple bought iCloud.com months before its announcement and that was also picked up by MacRumours. Elon Musk 'confirms' existence of Apple Car in an interview As well as Apple buying car-related domain names, Tesla chief executive Elon Musk recently ‘confirmed’ the existence of Apple’s iCar when speaking to the BBC, claiming that it’s an “open secret” that the company is building a rival car. Musk went on to say that “companies like Apple will probably make a compelling electric car, it seems like the obvious thing to do” and regarding Apple’s privacy, he remarked “It's pretty hard to hide something if you hire over a thousand engineers to do it”. Although he’s fairly confident that Apple is creating a rival car, Musk isn’t worried. When asked if Apple was a threat by a German newspaper, Musk mockingly replied: “Did you ever take a look at the Apple Watch?”. The cheek. New electric car company could be a ‘front’ for Apple The latest reports on the web claim that a new car manufacturer, Faraday Future, could, in fact, be a front for Apple’s rumoured electric car, allowing the company to develop the vehicle without the prying eyes of the media watching them. Faraday Future is a relatively new manufacturer, first appearing on the scene earlier this year as a Tesla competitor – both companies are named after famous scientists, Nikola Tesla and Michael Faraday, and interested in electric vehicles. Though Faraday Future’s plans were initially unclear, the company recently announced that it’d be investing a whopping $1 billion in a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility in either California, Georgia, Louisiana or Nevada. The company plans to create an electric vehicle, while it also explores “other aspects of the automotive and technology industries, including unique ownership and usage models, in-vehicle content and autonomous driving”. That’s according to Nick Sampson, senior vice president of Faraday Future, who continued to say "Our range of 100% electric and intelligent vehicles will offer seamless connectivity to the outside world." Very Apple-esque, wouldn’t you agree? So, where is the connection to Apple? First things first, the company claims to have a team of around 400 “automotive and technology experts” along with a number of key employees, including ex-Tesla director of vehicle chassis engineering, Nick Sampson. This matches up with the reports earlier this year claiming that Apple was poaching a number of Tesla staff for its iCar project – but that’s not all. Apple has reportedly just bought a huge amount of land in California, which is claimed to be around twice the size of its new Spaceship campus. Just to put that into perspective, Apple’s spaceship campus and surrounding land measures in at around 2.8 million feet. Now, where did Faraday Future say they’d be investing in a manufacturing facility? Oh… The company has also received a massive $1 billion in funding – a move that’s almost unheard of for a new company, and many suspect that it’s Apple footing the bill. Apple has around $200 billion in the bank, so $1 billion would (as ridiculous as it sounds) be only a drop in the water for the company. The rumours gained more traction when the New York Times reached out for more information on its backers, with Faraday Future claiming that they are “keeping their partners confidential”. Intriguing, right? Well, there’s one more piece to this puzzle… The CEO of the company has not yet been revealed, a move that shrouds this company in mystery. If Faraday Future is a front for Apple’s iCar development, it’d make sense not to announce a CEO; pushing an Apple exec to the position of Faraday Future CEO would immediately give away the company’s plans, possibly years before the launch of its electric car. Of course, nothing has been confirmed or denied, and it does seem like a lot of effort to disguise its own efforts, but it is possible – and if it was going to be any company, it would, of course, be Apple to do it. Apple Car ‘could have digital license plates’ According to website Electrek, Apple’s upcoming iCar could be the first to boast digital license plates. Why? Amongst the horde of employees that Apple has snapped up over the past few months is Rónán Ó Braonáin, ex-Director of Engineering at Reviver, a start-up working on what Braonáin called “the world’s first digital license plate”. According to his LinkedIn, he spent five years as a software engineer at BMW before becoming CTO at Vision Fleet, a company offering electric vehicle fleet management software, before moving onto Reviver and finally ending up at Apple as a “Secret Agent” on “Special Projects”. Digital license plates make sense, especially when you consider vehicle-sharing. The digital license plate could bring forward a new era of vehicle sharing, by giving the government a way to issue plate identifications to the driver of the car, instead of the car itself. Letting a friend drive? Your iCar’s digital license plate would (in theory) automatically update, letting everyone (aka the government) know who’s driving at any particular time. It’s a cool idea, but we’re not sure just how viable it is, especially when you consider that license plates need to be readable in almost any weather conditions, an issue that a digital license plate may struggle with. Steve Jobs ‘considered Apple car’ in 2008 Tony Fadell, former Apple executive, revealed in a recent interview that he and Steve Jobs occasionally talked about what an Apple-manufactured car could look like. The pair would chat informally about various features of the Apple Car and what they’d look like, from the dashboard to the seats to the type of fuel it could be powered by. Although in his follow-up, Fadell stressed that the questions were purely hypothetical and that Apple wasn’t actively developing a car in 2008. Apple execs reportedly liked the idea of building a car, but decided, in the end, to allocate the company’s resources to other products that’d have a bigger impact on consumers around the world – the iPhone, and then three years later, the iPad. However, Fadell did note that cars and iPhones have more in common than meets the eye: “A car has batteries; it has a computer; it has a motor, and it has mechanical structure. If you look at an iPhone, it has all the same things. It even has a motor in it,”. ‘Massive change’ is coming to the auto industry Speaking at Wall Street Journal’s WSJDLive conference at The Montage resort in Laguna Beach, California, Apple CEO Tim Cook said that the automotive industry is close to “massive change” but refused to comment on whether Apple would be a leading part of the change, which Cook predicts will see users move away from internal combustion engines to electrification. “It would seem like there will be massive change in that industry, massive change,” Cook said at the conference. “You may not agree with that. That’s what I think.” This was followed by Cook refusing to respond to reports of Apple developing an electric car looking to be on sale by 2019. He said instead that the company is working to bring the “iPhone experience” to the vehicle via CarPlay, Apple’s in-dash system that allows users to access their iTunes music collections and driving directions without needing to operate phones. Apple 'testing a self-driving car at a War World II naval base' Project Titan is on its way, at least according to the Guardian. The newspaper reports that Apple has already developed its self-driving car, and now it just needs to be tested. Unlike many carmakers - such as Google and Tesla - that are testing their self-driving vehicles on public roads, Apple wants to keep a low profile. That means the company needs some barricaded doors behind which it can test its secretive projects. Apparently Apple has found the perfect top-secret testing base. Back in May, according to the Guardian, Apple's engineers met officials from GoMentum Station, a War World II-epoch disused naval base near San Francisco. The base reportedly hosts 20 miles of everyday public transport scenarios, from highways to cattle grids; its 24-hour surveillance by armed soldiers prevents the public from nosing around the facility. According to GoMentum officials, the base is "the largest secure test facility in the world". However, it's worth mentioning that the leaked report obtained by the Guardian consists of a filed public requests record about the meeting between Apple's team and GoMentum officials. There is no mention of an Apple iCar, and the most revealing clue comes from Apple engineer Frank Fearon, who said: "We would … like to get an understanding of timing and availability for the space, and how we would need to coordinate with other parties who would be using [GoMentum]." BMW negotiations A number of outlets have reported that Apple and the German automaker BMW have been meeting with one another, with Reuters reporting that Tim Cook and other Apple bigwigs visited the BMW production facility in Leipzig. In particular, Apple seems interested in the carbon-fibre-reinforced BMW i3 electric vehicle, reportedly the most energy-efficient car in the US. It's believed that the i3 could form the basis of the rumoured iCar. It's further been claimed that negotiations between Apple and BMW started in autumn 2014 and are approaching a final deal. However, it's worth pointing out that BMW was the first carmaker to incorporate iPod facilities into its vehicles, and that it is entirely possible that Apple is simply looking to secure an agreement with the German company to move its CarPlay project forward. Read more: Apple and BMW started talking about an iCar collaboration last year Hiring car industry veterans Perhaps the clearest sign of Apple's interest in the car industry is the number of new hires it's made from that field. According to the Wall Street Journal, Tim Cook has hired Doug Betts, a veteran of the car industry. Doug Betts has 25 years of experience working for Nissan and Toyota; from 2007 until last year, he was senior vice-president of Global Quality at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles. The automobile expert has changed his LinkedIn profile. He describes his current job as "operation-Apple Inc.", which could be interpreted as evidence to back up the WSJ's rumour. On the other hand, this cryptic statement could mean a lot of things.  Since February 2015, Apple seems to have been quietly cherry-picking automobile industry experts - such as Paul Furgale, the Swiss researcher who led the V-Charge project developing self-parking cars. Business Insider's source claims that Tesla employees are "jumping ship" to go and work at Apple. Evidence via LinkedIn supports this claim, with 50 profiles of current Apple employees that have an engineering history at Tesla, mainly through internships. Apple Insider reported that Tesla CEO Elon Musk has said that Apple is trying very hard to get Tesla engineers, offering them a $250k signing bonus and 60 percent pay increase. The Korea Times has reported that Apple is also luring Samsung's tech experts away from them, namely experts in battery technology; perhaps to work on batteries for the iPhone, but also, reports suggest to work on a battery powered electric car. "Some of our personnel have been hired by Apple. They now work at Apple's headquarters in San Jose, Calif.," claimed one anonymous Samsung official, stating that Apple offers competitive benefits and large annual paychecks. If Apple is entering the electric car arena, the company is pretty late to the game and will be looking to file patents. It has already filed a few, as you will see below. "As the electric vehicle business is a new one, Apple needs patents and experts in battery technology. Top human resources firms have been approaching Samsung's battery experts, individually, and I think such human exchange moves are a win-win for both," said the Samsung official. It's easy to write this off as an unconfirmed rumour, but it does fit in with a lawsuit that was filed earlier this month claiming that Apple engaged in an "aggressive campaign" to poach engineers from electric car battery maker A123 Systems. The Register has also reported that Apple is reassigning workers to its car project at such a fast pace that other department leaders are beginning to complain about the loss of talent. Though Project Titan remains shrouded in mystery, reassigning such a number of staff from a variety of departments does point towards work on a significant scale, and possibly a move into a completely new industry.  'Apple cars' spotted There were also rumours surrounding Apple registered vehicles seen driving around the US. The vehicles were clad in sensors, which some assumed enabled the car to drive autonomously like Google’s self-driving car. However, it was too good to be true as Apple announced months after that these were, in fact, mapping vehicles that were being used to improve the Apple Maps service. In fact, the company has even listed all the locations that Apple’s mapping cars will be driving around – possibly to stop any future confusion. If you’re interested (for whatever reason) in seeing Apple’s mapping vehicles in person, head over to the Apple Vehicles page and take a look. More about this rumour below. Secret iCar facility There has also been talk of a secret automobile R&D facility where Apple is recruiting experts to potentially build the iCar. It's apparently run by the ex-head of R&D at Mercedes, Johann Jungwirth, and will be staffed with "experienced managers from its iPhone unit", according to The Times. They carry on to say that the seniority of the executives involved would suggest that an iCar could be in the works. They've also reported that Jony Ive and members of his industrial design team, who are responsible for most of Apples products, have been holding regular meetings with automotive execs and have even tried hiring them. Project Titan team growing According to a recent report from the Wall Street Journal, Apple is taking the iCar project more seriously. Why? Apparently, the company has decided to triple the 600-person strong team to an 1800-person strong team to help reach the iCars all-new 2019 announcement target (see below for more information).  Head over to page 2 for evidence that Apple isn't working on an iCar, along with all rumours discussing the electric vs autonomous debate and a possible release date.  >> Read on… Pages 1 2 3 Tags: Apple , Rumour Share this article Share Tweet   Comments Comments Advertisement Nintendo Switch review: Hands-on with the intuitive modular console and its disappointing games… 1995-2015: How technology has changed the world in 20 years 11 ways company politics can thwart your projects Best alternatives to iTunes for Mac | Best music players for macOS: Free your music from the… News Reviews How To Digital Magazines Apple Tech Deals Forums Apple Mac iPhone iPad Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.

Join IEEE | IEEE.org | IEEE Xplore Digital Library | IEEE Standards | IEEE Spectrum | More Sites Follow on: Advertisement Engineering Topics  Special Reports  Blogs  Multimedia  The Magazine  Professional Resources  Search  Cars That Think Transportation Sensors Velodyne Plans a Lidar Megafactory By Philip E. Ross Posted 18 Jan 2017 | 18:30 GMT Photo: Business Wire After years of dominating the market for automotive lidar thanks to the simple fact of being in it first, Velodyne is now shaking off new contenders by expanding a megafactory in San Jose, Calif. This investment—enabled in part by cash infusions from Ford and Baidu—should allow Velodyne to ramp up to 1 million units annually by 2018, the company says. That means that its rooftop tower, the Cadillac of lidars, may soon sell at Chevrolet prices. The company is also expanding its R&D effort by building a new facility in Alameda, Calif. The factory is already in operation on a comparatively small scale, churning out the HDL-64E, a descendant of the model made famous as the roof-mounted revolving scanner on Google’s self-driving cars. Google originally had to pay US $73,000 for each unit, itself a rotating array of 64 laser beams. But in 2015, Chris Urmson, then head of Google’s car project—recently spun off as Waymo—said his outfit was unhappy with the product and was designing alternatives to it in house. Earlier this month, at CES 2017, Waymo CEO John Krafcik showed off a new self-driving car packing in-house lidars of three kinds: midrange, to replace Velodyne’s unit; short distance, for the area right next to the car that had previously stood in the shadow of that unit; and long distance, for seeing beyond the range of Velodyne’s original model. Velodyne’s expansion suggests not only that the company thinks it can outdo Google but also other startups that in recent years have started talking up plans for much less costly solid-state lidars that they claim would equal or even outperform the Velodyne design. Then, last month, Velodyne claimed a “breakthrough” in solid-state design that, with mass production, should drop the unit price below $50. That’s like marking down a Caddy to Matchbox car prices. Such cheap-as-dirt lidar would find its way into just about every vehicle, bicycles included. Even Tesla chief Elon Musk, famously dismissive of the sensor, might finally cave in and allow lidar a place at the table. Learn More CES 2017 San Jose Tesla Velodyne Waymo lidar megafactory self-driving cars Comments Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> Comments powered by Disqus Advertisement Cars That Think IEEE Spectrum’s blog about the sensors, software, and systems that are making cars smarter, more entertaining, and ultimately, autonomous. Contact us:  p.ross@ieee.org Subscribe to RSS Feed Follow @/CarsThatThink   Senior Editor Philip E. Ross New York City Assistant Editor Willie D. Jones New York City   Senior Writer Evan Ackerman Berkeley, Calif. Contributor Lucas Laursen Madrid   Newsletter Sign Up Sign up for the Cars That Think newsletter and get biweekly updates, all delivered directly to your inbox. Sign Up   Transportation Cheap Lidar: The Key to Making Self-Driving Cars Affordable Startups and established players think they have the key to inexpensive lidar 22 Sep 2016   Transportation Tesla Again Spurns Lidar, Betting Instead On Radar Musk says radar alone can produce a lidar-like “point cloud” to help Autopilot navigate 15 Jul 2016   Transportation Velodyne Says It's Got a "Breakthrough" in Solid State Lidar Design The standard of automotive lidar is getting cheaper and more reliable 13 Dec 2016 Advertisement   Robotics Sweep Is a $250 LIDAR With Range of 40 Meters That Works Outdoors Finally an affordable LIDAR for robots and drones 6 Apr 2016   Transportation Can Israeli Start-up Oryx Oust Lidar From Self-Driving Cars? New sensing tech uses infrared lasers and tiny nanoantennas on a chip 29 Nov 2016   Transportation U.S. Says EVs Must Make Noise to Warn Pedestrians And Tesla wants to use robocar smarts to transmit the noise selectively 17 Nov 2016   Transportation Osram's Laser Chip for Lidar Promises Super-Short Pulses in a Smaller Package With mass production, it should cost around US $40—less than one percent of the price of today's least expensive revolving sets 11 Nov 2016   Transportation Audi Allegedly Used Software to Fake Greenhouse Gas Emissions California regulators reportedly discovered a software cheat to minimize carbon-dioxide emissions during testing 7 Nov 2016   Transportation Otto's Robotruck Hauls Budweiser While the Driver Twiddles His Thumbs in the Back The 200-kilometer trip raises the question: when will drinking while being driven be legal? 25 Oct 2016   Transportation Autonomous Vehicles Need In-Cabin Cameras to Monitor Drivers Self-driving cars require driver-monitoring capability to know when it is safe to hand over control 4 Oct 2016   Transportation A Ride In Ford's Self-Driving Car Multiple lidar sets provide not only an overlapping view forward and aft, but also a close-up view of the side 14 Sep 2016   Transportation Centimeter-Level GPS Positioning for Cars Cheap, quick, superaccurate positioning can keep cars safely within their lanes—even in a blizzard 30 Aug 2016   Transportation Delphi and Mobileye Will Offer a Fully Self-Driving System by 2019 Total self-driving capability may soon go from fringe to mainstream 23 Aug 2016   Telecom Popular Internet of Things Forecast of 50 Billion Devices by 2020 Is Outdated Warning: All projections for the Internet of Things are subject to change 18 Aug 2016   Transportation Ford and Baidu Invest $150 Million in Velodyne for Affordable Lidar for Self-Driving Cars The company that makes the best (and most expensive) lidar systems gets a huge pile of cash to make them cheap enough for cars 17 Aug 2016   Transportation Israeli Startup Innoviz Promises $100 Solid-State Automotive Lidar by 2018 Solid-state lidar sensors are going to be critical to autonomous vehicles—if they can be made reliable and affordable 9 Aug 2016   Transportation Tesla Divorces Mobileye, or Vice Versa Tesla says it will develop its next-gen self-driving software in-house 26 Jul 2016   Transportation Day Two at Pikes Peak Motorcycle Race With the Buckeye Current Team To win this race you have to kill bugs faster than the competition can 23 Jun 2016   Transportation The AI Dashcam App That Wants to Rate Every Driver in the World Nexar has already profiled nearly the half the cars in the Bay Area and Manhattan, and alerted users to nearby vehicles with a history of dangerous driving 15 Jun 2016   Transportation 5D Robotics Can Locate You To Within An Inch Wireless beacons let your car, drone, forklift or wheelchair go places that GPS can't reach 13 Apr 2016 Topics Aerospace At Work Biomedical Computing Energy Gadgets Geek Life Green Tech Robotics Semiconductors Telecom Transportation Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS IEEE Spectrum Contact Us About Newsletters Reprints & Permissions IEEE Partners Advertising & Media Center IEEE Job Site Buyer’s Guide The Magazine Subscribe Now Digital Download © Copyright 2017 IEEE Spectrum Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination Policy Join IEEE About IEEE Conferences & Events Education & Careers Membership & Services Publications and Standards Societies & Communities © Copyright 2016 IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.
ef8cad1d8ab7ec7b9fbde112564b57dd0b19da7a http://bostinno.streetwise.co/assets/e987caf4 Boston Washington DC Chicago Austin Careers Events Our Events Events Directory Newsletters Sign In 6.7K SHARE Toast Wants a Much Larger HQ to House 'Several Hundred' New Employees Toast, the restaurant point-of-sale software company, is outgrowing its current space in Hatch Fenway and is now looking for as much as 100, TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE NOW READING by Olivia Vanni Toast Wants a Much Larger HQ to House 'Several Hundred' New Employees Communities Tech Education City News Lifestyle Careers Events Our Events Events Directory Newsletters Studio Sign In 6.7K SHARE Toast Wants a Much Larger HQ to House 'Several Hundred' New Employees Toast, the restaurant point-of-sale software company, is outgrowing its current space in Hatch Fenway and is now looking for as much as 100, TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE NOW READING by Olivia Vanni Toast Wants a Much Larger HQ to House 'Several Hundred' New Employees SHARE Toast Wants a Much Larger HQ to House 'Several Hundred' New Employees Toast, the restaurant point-of-sale software company, is outgrowing its current space in Hatch Fenway and is now looking for as much as 100, TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE Members of the Toast team. Image on file. twitter facebook send via email SHARE Toast Wants a Much Larger HQ to House 'Several Hundred' New Employees Toast, the restaurant point-of-sale software company, is outgrowing its current space in Hatch Fenway and is now looking for as much as 100, TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE share Toast Wants a Much Larger HQ to House 'Several Hundred' New Employees 6.7K Olivia Vanni - Staff Writer 1/20/17 @11:28am in Tech 1/20/17 @11:28am Toast, the restaurant point-of-sale software company, is outgrowing its current space in Hatch Fenway and is now looking for as much as 100,000 square feet of office space for its new Boston headquarters. According to the Boston Business Journal, the Google-backed startup wants to secure between 80,000 and 100,000 square feet to accommodate its team growth plans. Compared to the venture's current office within Hatch's co-working community, where it's been for the past couple of years, the new headquarters would be about three times the space. Related Amazon Is on the Lookout for Downtown Boston Office Space Since securing $30 million in Series B last year, Toast has added 200 employees. The company hopes to move into the new space by 2018, as it plans to increase its headcount by “several hundred” more over the next year. “We’ve experienced fantastic growth as a company,” Toast CEO Chris Comparato told the Boston Business Journal. “Part of the future of that growth is expanding across the country, but also expanding in Boston.” “We’re committed to Boston,” he said. “We love Boston. It’s been our headquarters, and it’s been our roots.” This story was updated at 3:30 p.m. on Jan. 20, 2017.  FILED UNDER: Boston Business Journal, Boston Startups, News Related News Our 25 Biggest Boston Lifestyle Stories of 2016 Here's Why Toast Is Becoming a Serious Contender in the Restaurant POS Market Trillium Brewing Co. Announces Major Fort Point Relocation Is Fenway the Next 'Innovation District?' Facebook Comments (0) + Login to Comment Tweets The Beat Newsletter Boston tech news delivered to your inbox. Get It Most Popular GE Just Struck a Major Partnership with the Celtics 6.9K Dylan Martin This 'Big Mac ATM' Is Dispensing Free Burgers in Boston 6.1K Alex E. Weaver Heat Map: Where Boston Area Rents Rose & Fell Most in 2016 5.7K Alex E. Weaver Row 34 Is Going All Out for 'Extreme Beer Fest' 3.9K Alex E. Weaver The 'Hotel Tonight for Restaurants' Is Expanding Within Boston's Eatery Scene 2.5K Olivia Vanni From Our Partners Join the BostInno Beat Get your Boston tech news, startup gossip, and event notices right in your inbox every day Join Today! http://wp.streetwise.co/wp-content/uploads//2015/08//BostInnoBeatNewsletter1.png center CLOSE SIGN UP FOR THE BOSTINNO BEAT DAILY NEWSLETTER SIGN UP OR mobile About BostInno Sitemap About Streetwise © 2017 Streetwise Media Work Here The Team Advertise Contact Us Terms Of Use Sites BostInno DC Inno Chicago Inno Austin Inno Categories Business Tech Education City News Sports Lifestyle Health & Fitness Series Series Directory Careers & Events Careers Directory Events Directory Sites BostInno DC Inno Chicago Inno Austin Inno Categories Business Tech Education City News Sports Lifestyle Health & Fitness Careers & Events Careers Directory Events Directory Series Series Directory About BostInno Sitemap About Streetwise Work Here The Team Advertise Contact Us Terms Of Use © 2017 Streetwise Media /assets/e987caf4
Toggle navigation Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Covers Music Sports Cars Culture All Culture Fashion Beauty Travel Food Education Black Hair Cocktail & Beer News All News Business Politics Health Real Estate Criminal Behavior Obituaries Publisher's Blog Promotions Videos Videos Photos Rollingout × Search Female Success Factor Walker’s Legacy CEO Natalie Cofield helps women of color succeed in business By Qiana M Davis  |  January 20, 2017 12:17 PM EST Photo credit: nataliecofield.com Think you have all millennials pegged? Then you haven’t met Walker’s Legacy CEO, Natalie Madeira Cofield. The award-winning executive and highly sought after public speaker serves as a spokesperson for diversity and enterprising women around the world. Cofield has positioned herself as an expert on millennial diversity, corporate diversity, entrepreneurship and economic development. Global technology companies, government organizations, and universities such as Harvard University, Kennedy School of Government, and Howard University School of Business have all sought out her expertise. In addition to heading Google’s partner firm, Walker’s Legacy, Cofield was named being named one of 2015’s 100 Most Influential African Americans in the America by The Root 100. She also operates Austin, Texas-based social impact and inclusion incubator Urban Co-Lab and the Walker’s Legacy Foundation. The trailblazing serial entrepreneur took time out of her busy schedule to talk to rolling out about her beginnings, the inspiration behind Walker’s Legacy and how her latest brainchild, PROSPECTUS can help female women entrepreneurs. How did you determine your career path? I started off working three jobs in high school and by the time I turned 16, I was attending college. After graduating with honors from Howard University as part of Bill Gates Millennium Scholars Program, I was well on my way to starting my first company by age 26 and becoming a three-time CEO by my 30th birthday. Since its inception in 2009, Walker’s Legacy has encouraged women to engage and inspire through mentoring and networking with other women business professionals and entrepreneurs. What three female role models influenced you when founding Walker’s Legacy? Walker’s Legacy was created in honor of Madam C.J. Walker’s legacy. She served as a source of inspiration for me as I created my first company. As the first self-made millionaire woman of color, her ability to persevere despite all odds serves as both an inspiration and motivation to find entrepreneurial, professional, and personal success. Additional role models and modern day influences for the organization include Maggie Walker, the first woman to serve as president and charter of a bank in the United States and founder ad CEO of St. Luke Penny Savings Bank; media mogul Cathy Hughes, founder of Radio One and TV One;and Janice Howroyd, founder and CEO of the Act-1 Group, the largest privately-held, woman, and minority-owned workforce management company in the U.S. Additionally, the growing number of 20,000 women who have engaged with our organization motivate Walker’s Legacy to continue our work as our work is directly targeted to achieving economic equity through entrepreneurship. Happy birthday Madam C.J. Walker: Her legacy continues to inspire women Photo credit: Natalie Cofield/Jaida A Photography Describe how Walker’s Legacy helps women of color reach their goals and positions them for success. Minority women are the fastest growing segment of entrepreneurs, yet recent studies have shown that businesses owned by women of color are less likely to be selected for funding from angel investors and other financial institutions. In addition to access to prize funding, PROSPECTUS provides support in access to business education and professional networks. Walker’s Legacy is missioned to engage, equip, and inspire women of color in business and entrepreneurship. We do this by leveraging our unique platform to engage with women in our network in the following ways: educational original  content — such as our original articles on business topics for women of color and educational research conducted on niche communities of multicultural women entrepreneurs; localized and online networks established to connect women nationwide and offer an educational exchange of information; and our engaging, signature programs that offer inspiration and maximize learning opportunities for enterprising women who attend and enjoy these events. What are some of your do’s and don’ts for women to flourish in business? Do: Determine what your risk tolerance is for success. Do: Be passionate about your purpose, professionally and personally. Do:  Find a mentor to help guide you. Don’t: Lose sight of your goals/The why for what you do. Don’t: Underestimate your intelligence or abilities. Don’t:  Be afraid to ask questions or seek knowledge on things you don’t know. Where did the inspiration for the PROSPECTUS Business Accelerator Program come from and how does it benefit women of color seeking to start or establish a business? What can an applicant expect to learn from participating in PROSPECTUS, over the course of the nine-week program? The PROSPECTUS Online Business Accelerator is an effort designed by Walker’s Legacy that meets our central goal of providing the greatest number of opportunities and resources for women-of-color entrepreneurs to succeed. The nine-week program tackles the unique challenges multicultural women face when starting, growing, and sustaining their entrepreneurial ventures.The program utilizes a structured online learning and cohort model and pitch opportunities for participating business owners to earn funding for their business from investors and industry experts nationwide. The program is in partnership with Wells Fargo and will include a final grand prize award of $5,000, as well as other in-kind prizes. Additional program partners include Google and Kiva Zip, among others. How can women of color get involved with Walker’s Legacy on the local level in Detroit? We’re very excited about our presence in Detroit! With the great assistance of our Detroit Local Chair and partnerships with organizations such as the Michigan Black Chamber of Commerce, we are able to promote and engage with our network there through in-person programs. For ways to become involved, interested women can sign up for our mailing list for updates and upcoming events here or reach out to us at [email protected] . We look forward to our next series of programming in Detroit during Women’s History Month for our annual Power 50 Brunch honoring 50 influential Detroit women in business and beyond. To learn more about Natalie Cofield or Walker’s Legacy and the Prospectus Online Business Accelerator Program, visit www.nataliecofield.com and www.walkerslegacy.com Share this: Tweet More Email Print More on rollingout.com It’s Giving Tuesday: Who will you support? Report advises Black female entrepreneurs how to eliminate shared challenges Atlanta’s leading ladies at Walker’s Legacy Women’s Leadership Brunch Happy birthday Madam C.J. Walker: Her legacy continues to inspire women Qiana M Davis Self proclaimed sports guru, fashionista, Detroit native foodie and home cook just trying to make it to your big screen Follow @qianam Most Talked About Bell Biv DeVoe embrace legacy and longevity with their return to the spotlight 1 Actress Jen Morillo has her eyes set on superstardom 16 Eric Garner’s widow gets to stay in public housing despite millions 10 Featured Video Are the members of Bell Biv DeVoe closer than the other members of New Edition? 7 hours ago Featured Photos New Edition honored at the 25th annual Trumpet Awards 12 hours ago   Celebrity MUA Ashley Gray embraces self, flaws and all Mrs. CEO: Women balancing business and love, meet Rashan Ali 1 Valeisha Butterfield-Jones exemplifies Google’s diversity and inclusion 1 Powerhouse Michele Thornton talks leadership, teamwork and networking 1 Walker’s Legacy CEO Natalie Cofield helps women of color succeed in business Iheartradio’s Jae Nash kicks off power breakfast series with Yvette Caslin Entertainment strategist Rachel S. Jackson is focused and crazy in love Rich Girls Trade’s Tamara Young teaches you how to turn your phone into an ATM 1 Meet Tanya Barnett, wife coach and triathlete 1 FROS & BEAUS founder shares tips to grow online community Rhonesha Byng continues building a digital space for women Erika Maxie has a passion for CORE fitness and aims to live fit 1 © Rolling Out. Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. marketing automation
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: The Huawei Mate 9 is the best Android alternative to Google’s Pixel XL Trending in Google Corporate Source: Google’s Pixel 2 to feature improved camera, CPU, higher price, but ‘budget’ Pixel also in works Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Nvidia Shield TV is essentially the perfect set top box, and it’s only going to get better [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with 5 Android apps you should download in January 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Report reiterates that 2nd gen. Huawei Watch will bring cellular model Trending in Google Corporate Just got the new Nvidia Shield TV? Here are the first few things you need to do January 20 GOOG: 805.02 2.85 Android Basics: How to enable landscape home screen on Google Pixel Stephen Hall - Jan. 20th 2017 9:24 am PT @hallstephenj Android Basics Google Pixel View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Android is flexible and customizable, but sometimes the sheer number of options you have can be a bit overwhelming — even with a device that’s relatively simple and user-friendly like the Google Pixel. One of the many Google Pixel features you might not know how to enable is the landscape home screen, so read on for a quick walkthrough… The Google Pixel ships with this feature disabled (as do most Android phones), so you have to do a little digging to flip a switch within the settings section for the Pixel Launcher (the default launcher that runs on your device). There are a few ways you can navigate to this setting. First you can navigate to the Pixel Launcher settings by way of the Settings app. To find it this way, follow the below steps: Navigate to the Settings app Scroll down and tap “Apps” Scroll down to find and tap “Pixel Launcher” Tap the Settings gear in the top-right hand corner Tap the radio button for “Allow Home screen rotation” The second, quicker way to find this page is by finding the “Settings” shortcut from the home screen itself: Unlock your device Tap and hold on a blank space on the Home screen Tap the large Settings gear icon near the bottom of the screen Tap the radio button for “Allow Home screen rotation” If you have a phone other than the Google Pixel (like the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge or the HTC 10) and are running the Pixel Launcher, then this option can be found the same way. Also of note, if you are running the Google Now Launcher, you’ll be able to find this option in the same location. If you’re looking for it in the “Apps” section in settings, however, look for “Google Now Launcher” instead. It’s curious that Google disables this option by default while other phone makers — particularly Apple — leave it enabled, but perhaps this feature isn’t all that necessary for the average smartphone user. In the case of the Google Pixel, it also somewhat confuses the design of the Pixel Launcher, making it less clear that you should swipe up from the bottom of the screen access the app drawer. For more Android Basics, be sure to check out our guide and the following: Android Basics: How to enable the app drawer on the Huawei Mate 9 Android Basics: How to mirror your Daydream experience onto a television Android Basics: How to enable high priority notifications within Google Daydream Guides Android Basics View THe Guide Google Pixel View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Annual Report Google: We removed 1.7 billion "bad ads" last year It's Baaaaack! Google Dance returns to SMX West in March Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE Search in Pics: Indoor lifeguard tower, tractor & wall art Barry Schwartz on January 20, 2017 at 8:54 am More In this week’s Search In Pictures, here are the latest images culled from the web, showing what people eat at the search engine companies, how they play, who they meet, where they speak, what toys they have and more. Fabric team goes to Google: Source: Twitter Google indoor lifeguard tower: Source: Twitter Google Calvin & Hobbes Post-it wall art: Source: Twitter Google indoor tractor: Source: Instagram About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: IndustrySearch In Pictures Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers I have 50,000+ email subscribers…now what? The Facebook Playbook for Call Conversions Google AdWords and the Conversion Blind Spot Customer Success and Marketing Alignment: The Key to Unlocking Customer Advocacy Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing See More Whitepapers Webcasts Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land Survey Says Most voice users want more answers, fewer search results Adios Link: Google has officially killed off the link command Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Mobile The best news in mobile marketing every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google AMP carousels are multiplying! Columnist Barb Palser says the growing number of single-source AMP carousels in Google search sweetens the deal for AMP-enabled publishers. Barb Palser on January 20, 2017 at 10:05 am More In case you missed it, Google has launched a new type of AMP rich card carousel in mobile search results — in addition to the Top Stories carousel we’re used to seeing.   The new AMP carousels appear in the main mobile results list, showcasing related articles from a single publisher. They started appearing at the end of 2016 without fanfare from Google. Let’s call them “single-source carousels.” Single-source AMP carousels are most likely to appear in results for popular queries, particularly for news stories. A January 15 search for “Kansas City Chiefs News” produced four single-source AMP carousels in addition to the Top Stories carousel: A search for “Kansas City Chiefs News” produces a Top Stories carousel, plus four single-source AMP rich card carousels. Search for any big news story, and you’ll likely get several single-source carousels in mobile results. They also appear frequently for recipe searches — try “cookie recipes,” for example. Google appears to be invoking the single-source AMP carousel when a publisher offers multiple AMP results with high relevance to the search term. However, there’s no guarantee a publisher will get a carousel for a particular query, even if they have numerous relevant results. The “when” and “why” of the single-source carousel is a mystery. What’s obvious is that single-source rich card carousels are a bonus to AMP-enabled publishers. Unlike the Top Stories carousel, where publishers compete for the coveted first and second spots, the entire single-source carousel and subsequent viewer experience belong to one publisher. AMP rich cards offer a high-impact showcase that helps publishers stand out against their competition, with better opportunity for onward engagement than a plain text link. Even a modest rate of horizontal scrolling in the single-source carousel is icing on the cake for the publisher.   This approach also enables Google to thread the needle between promoting AMP and preserving the integrity of result relevance. Google has stated that AMP content won’t be explicitly favored in search rankings and presumably is keeping that promise. Google still shows non-AMP content at the top of mobile results when that content is the most relevant — while at the same time highlighting AMP results and inviting users to engage with AMP rich cards. Meanwhile, the expanded flow of audience to AMP content will provide Google with additional engagement data to inform future user interfaces and enhancements. For publishers of news content and other high-density AMP categories, it’s becoming harder to hold out against AMP — as Google continues to sweeten the deal for those who jump in. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Barb Palser Barb Palser is head of product for Relay Media, Inc., a San Francisco-based AMP conversion and mobile distribution platform. Her 20-year career in digital content spans traditional media, digital publishing technology, product strategy and audience development. She's held digital leadership roles with Nexstar Broadcasting, McGraw-Hill Broadcasting, Morgan Murphy Media, The Poynter Institute and publishing platform Internet Broadcasting. Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: MobileGoogleGoogle: Accelerated Mobile Pages / AMPGoogle: MobileGoogle: SEOMobile MarketingSearch Engine Land on InstagramSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Mobile SearchSEO: Site Speed Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Facebook Playbook for Call Conversions Google AdWords and the Conversion Blind Spot Customer Success and Marketing Alignment: The Key to Unlocking Customer Advocacy Benchmark Report: 2017 State of Customer Marketing How SEO + UX Can Thrive Together See More Whitepapers Webcasts Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration 5 Disruptions Reshaping Marketing As We Know It Integrated Marketing Analytics: Creating a single source of data truth See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Cardboard lets you go on a 360-degree tour of Petra By Ida Torres - January 20, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter If one item on your bucket list is to visit the historical and archeological city of Petra, you can make it come true without having to leave your couch. Well, of course nothing beats the real thing of actually going to Jordan, but in case you can’t yet, Google has got you covered. After launching a virtual tour last year, now you can go on a 360º experience with Google Cardboard. Aside from the previous interactive map experience, you can now have a more immersive tour of six of the most iconic places in Petra. Google used 360º mapping, aerial imagery and photos stitched together recreating six panoramas of the most popular places in the Jordanian city. There is also audio narration, interactive hotspots, and sound effects to make your VR experience even more immersive. You will follow the path of the Nabataeans and their 2,000-year journey from desert life to the present oasis of culture. There are six panoramas that you can explore using your smartphone and your Google Cardboard. This includes the path from Al Siq to the Treasury, which is probably the most famous landmark as its carved facade was seen inmovies Indiana Jones and Transformers. There is also the Al Deir or the Monastery and its massive structure beginning with an 8 meter tall entranceway. Google says that they hope this 360º virtual experience will inspire people to actually go to Petra someday. But for now, we’ll be satisfied with virtually looking into the UNESCO Heritage site in the comfort of our own home. Visit Petra on your mobile device through g.co/PetraVR. SOURCE: Google TAGS Android Apps Google Google Cardboard virtual reality Ida Torres Must Read HTC U Ultra, U Play hands-on: putting “U” at the center 15 best Android games of 2016, which means you should try these if you haven’t already Top 20 Android Apps for 2016 Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,208FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 473,114FollowersFollow 60,078SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Google pushed developers to fix security flaws in 275,000 Android apps Google pushed developers to fix security flaws in 275,000 Android apps Over 90,000 developers acted based on alerts issued through the Google Play App Security Improvement program Lucian Constantin (IDG News Service) 21 January, 2017 02:51 - - - - print email Distributors Arrow ECS ANZ Avnet Technology Solutions Synnex Westcon – Comstor Comments Over the past two years, Google has pressured developers to patch security issues in more than 275,000 Android apps hosted on its official app store. In many cases this was done under the threat of blocking future updates to the insecure apps. Since 2014, Google has been scanning apps published on Google Play for known vulnerabilities as part of its App Security Improvement (ASI) program. Whenever a known security issue is found in an application, the developer receives an alert via email and through the Google Play Developer Console. When it started, the program only scanned apps for embedded Amazon Web Services (AWS) credentials, which was a common problem at the time. The exposure of AWS credentials can lead to serious compromises of the cloud servers used by apps to store user data and content. Later that year, Google also started scanning for embedded Keystore files. These files typically contain cryptographic keys, both public and private, that are used to encrypt data or secure connections. In the early days of the ASI program, developers only received notifications, but were under no pressure to do anything. That changed in 2015 when Google expanded the types of issues it scanned for and also started enforcing deadlines for fixing many of them. The company provides detailed information on the flaws it detects along with guidance on how to fix them. However, developers who fail to resolve the problems within the timeframes provided by Google can lose the ability to release future updates for the affected apps through Google Play. Google added checks for six new vulnerabilities in 2015, all of them with a patching deadline, and 17 in 2016, 12 of which had a time limit for fixes. These issues ranged from security flaws in third-party libraries, development frameworks and advertising SDKs to insecure implementations of Android Java classes and interfaces. For example, developers who used the Supersonic SDK in their applications have until January 26 to upgrade the SDK to version 6.3.5 or newer. Older versions of this SDK expose sensitive functions through Javascript that are vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks. Until April 2016, the Google Play App Security Improvement program helped developers patch 100,000 applications. Since then the number almost tripled, around 90,000 developers patching security issues in over 275,000 apps, said Rahul Mishra, Android security program manager in a blog post Thursday. Role of Financing in the Era of Cloud More from IBM Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next ​Brisbane City Council tech project faces possible $60m blowout How Microsoft rebounded to outshine Apple ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 Channel Deals Com1 International Adata SSD, Memory & USB Storage Solutions. Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 The New Year brings the usual new round of humdrum technology predictions, glaringly general, unashamedly safe and perpetually predictable. But while the industry no longer sees value in “cloud is now the norm” type projections, value can be found in following developments of the year previous, analysing behaviours and patterns to formulate a plan for the 12 months ahead. Consequently, here’s the top tech storylines to follow in Australia during 2017. ​Top 15 Aussie tech storylines to follow in 2017 Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers Why Cloud Computing is Requiring us to Rethink Resiliency at the Edge EMC VSPEX Private Cloud Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Your Windows 10 PC may soon lock itself when you walk away   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 06:19AM Toshiba sells off a stake in its memory business to WD 05:14AM Apple collaborates with rivals to advance AI research 04:11PM Contino lands in Australia as professional services start-up expands regionally 02:59PM CSG Services, Oracle named in Victoria’s Ultranet corruption probe More News CSG Services, Oracle named in Victoria’s Ultranet corruption probe Cloud growth continues to boost Microsoft's financials ARN Events 21 Feb BigTec - Sydney 01 Mar BigTec - Melbourne 14 Mar WIICTA Alumnae Q1 2017 Industry Events 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt Twitter Sells Fabric to Google, Plus Top Tech Acquisitions, Funding, More News By Dom Nicastro | Jan 20, 2017 CHANNEL: Digital Experience Twitter this week abandoned all plans of becoming an ecosystem with the sale of its suite of developer products, including its developer suite Fabric. That's the conclusion from Richard Windsor, an analyst at Edison Investment Research, who said the sale makes Twitter solely dependent on engagement around media consumption. “The sale of Fabric collapses Twitter’s horizons," Windsor told CMSWire. At best, he predicts, Twitter will see revenues of $3.9 billion and grow 6 to 8 percent in the long-term. Twitter's next earning report is scheduled for Feb. 7. Cambridge, Mass.-based Fabric, which includes the crash reporting service Crashlytics, lets developers track and analyze mobile app performance and crashes, and is installed in more than a million apps. Twitter acquired Crashlytics in 2013 in an all-stock deal estimated to be worth about $300 million. Terms of the deal, jointly announced by Twitter and Google Wednesday, were not disclosed. Twitter wanted developers to use Fabric to create other services that could be tightly linked to Twitter, Windsor said. The sale shows that plan has been abandoned in favor of increased media consumption, such as live-casting NFL games. "The response to the live streaming over Twitter has been quite good ... but there is a very long way to go," Windsor said. Fabric executives seem enthused about the change in ownership. In a blog post, Rich Paret, VP of engineering and GM of Fabric, said the Fabric team will join Google’s Developer Products Group, working with the Firebase team. Since launching in 2014, he added, Fabric has grown to reach 2.5 billion active mobile devices, and its Crashlytics and Answers kits were recognized for app stability and analytics. "When we met the team at Google we quickly realized that our missions are the same: helping mobile teams build better apps, understand their users and grow their businesses," Paret said. "Fabric and Firebase operate mobile platforms with unique strengths in the market today." In other technology news ... Technology Acquisitions Several companies kicked off the new year by making strategic acquisitions and investments. Oracle Buys Apiary Oracle has signed an agreement to acquire Apiary, a hosted suite of tools that help companies build, test and monitor web application programming interfaces (APIs) Apiary's APIFlow is designed to foster the API creation lifecycle, including design, governance, testing and documentation, while supporting API Blueprint and OpenAPI industry standards. “Oracle’s API Integration Cloud enables companies to secure, consume, monetize, and analyze APIs,” said Amit Zavery, senior vice president for integration cloud at Oracle, in a press release. API's are big business, as evidenced by Google's $625 million acquisition of Apigee last September. Oracle already has an API Integration Cloud. But the acquisition gives Oracle advanced capabilities to design and govern APIs, Zavery said. Two Enterprise Collaboration Buys Enterprise collaboration remains a hot acquisition space with as two new deals emerged this week. Terms were not disclosed. Higher Logic, provider of a cloud-based community platform, acquired Socious, a community software company that serves the non-profit and B2B markets. In September, Higher Logic closed a $55 million investment from JMI Equity, a growth equity firm. The company was recently named a leader in IDC's inaugural report on online communities. The combined company will support more than 270,000 communities totaling more than 37 million community members. Private equity firm Thoma Bravo plans to acquire Planview from Insight Venture Partners. Planview, which offers project collaboration and portfolio management, recently acquired enterprise management companies Innotas, Troux and Projectplace. Planview operates in the work and resource management (WRM) category. “We see WRM as a mainstream opportunity that leverages our expertise in project portfolio management (PPM), collaborative work management (CWM) and enterprise architecture (EA), but brings them together in a way that addresses the broader strategy-to-execution challenge organizations have, from teams to the enterprise," Greg Gilmore, CEO of Planview, said in a statement. HPE to Acquire SimpliVity for $650M Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) announced a definitive agreement to acquire SimpliVity, which provides software-defined, hyperconverged infrastructure. HPE officials said the acquisition brings together the company's infrastructure, automation and cloud management software with SimpliVity’s software-defined data management platform. “This transaction expands HPE’s software-defined capability and fits squarely within our strategy to make hybrid IT simple for customers,” Meg Whitman, president and CEO of HPE, said in a statement. Privately held SimpliVity was founded in 2009. Headquartered in Westborough, Mass., the company focuses on enterprise customers who require on-premises technology infrastructure. The combined HPE and SimpliVity portfolio will offer enterprise data services across hyperconverged, 3PAR storage, composable infrastructure and multi-cloud offerings. Tech Funding Proof Raises $2.4M Paradise Valley, Az.-based Proof, a provider of analytics that computes the time-to-impact and business value of marketing and communications, raised $2.4 million in seed funding from corporate, agency and angel investors. The amount is a direct investment, coupled with a convertible loan. Proof founders Mark Stouse and Kyle Brantley, whose combined experience includes HP, Honeywell and BMC Software, developed a correlation engine that combines a logic framework with algorithms. It is intended to reveal the cause-and-effect of relationships between the different parts of marketing as well as between marketing and other parts of a business, like sales. Proof has a broad base of shareholders, including The Scibetta Fund, Vaulting Ventures, High West Venture Partners, Lewis Family Enterprises, LDWW Group, KRB Ventures, Webonise Labs, and current and former senior business leaders from organizations such as Accenture, BMC Software, Concur Technologies, Edelman, Hill & Knowlton, Honeywell, HP, IBM, Intellectual Ventures, Microsoft, Oracle, ServiceNow, Starbucks and WE Communications. Proof execs plan to use the money to drive continuous development and improvement of the platform, as well as expand to meet increasing demand since the official launch last month. Perfect Sense Nets $22M Reston, Va.-based Perfect Sense, the company behind the enterprise digital application development platform Brightspot, closed a $22 million round of funding from Carrick Capital Partners. Perfect Sense helps businesses build and deliver digital experiences using the Brightspot product line, which integrates with existing systems and data sources, while providing editorial tools. Brightspot features search, the ability to manage and distribute content across multiple sites and channels, and built-in analytics. The product lineup for Perfect Sense features search, the ability to personalize the user experience, built-in analytics and integration with existing enterprise systems. Marc McMorris, co-founder and managing director of Carrick Capital Partners, said the Perfect Sense team has created "a unique set of solutions to a growing business problem: How can I transform my business and overcome the limitations of fragmented systems for managing the delivery of content to customers anywhere, anytime and on any device?" McMorris will be involved as a member of the Perfect Sense board of directors. OrderGroove Raises $20M New York City-based OrderGroove, a startup that allows brands to create subscription and membership commerce, closed a $20 million Series C round of funding from National Securities, whose portfolio includes Lyft, Palantir and Coursera. The round brings OrderGroove’s total funding to $37 million, including investments from Lerer Hippeau Ventures, SWaN & Legend Ventures, Western Technology Investment, Silicon Valley Bank, FYRFLY Ventures and Scott Booth. Booth is the founder of Lead Edge Capital, an early investor in Alibaba and a recent appointee to OrderGroove’s Board of Directors. The company plans to use the funding to enhance its omnichannel Subscription Enablement Platform and drive hiring in product innovation, data science, sales and client success. Salsify Closes $30M Series C Round Boston-based Salsify, a product content management (PCM) platform for distributed commerce, closed a $30 million Series C round. Led by Underscore.VC, with continued participation from existing investors Venrock, Matrix Partners and North Bridge, it brings the company's total funding to date to $54.6 million. Salsify plans to hire 80 new positions in 2017. That would bring it to about 200 employees. Salsify's product content management platform helps brands deliver complete, accurate and compelling product content to digital shoppers. New Hires Accenture Interactive Hires Tammy Soares Accenture Interactive has hired Tammy Soares as managing director to lead Accenture Interactive’s West region in North America. In her new role, she will will be responsible for overseeing Accenture Interactive’s business in Alaska, California, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, Oregon and Washington. Based in San Francisco, she will focus on driving growth, bringing innovation to clients and strengthening the digital agency’s impact in the region. Soares has more than 20 years experience in digital marketing. Most recently, she served as president and CEO of Publicis Groupe’s Rosetta. Since joining Rosetta in 2008, Soares helped accelerate the digital agency’s growth and positioning it as a global leader in customer engagement. Apttus Hires Chief People Officer San Mateo, Calif.-based quote-to-cash technology provider Apttus hired technology industry veteran Don Robertson as its chief people officer. Robertson will oversee hiring, talent development and human resources activities. Robertson will report to Apttus CEO Kirk Krappe. Robertson formerly worked at TrueCar and Hewlett Packard, most recently as senior vice president of human resources for enterprise services. He has more than three decades of experience in human resources, business and general management roles, and has worked in finance positions for companies including GE Capital Corp., the Stanford Research Institute and The Clorox Co. MaritzCX Teams With Temkin Salt Lake City-based customer experience provider MaritzCX is partnering with the Temkin Group to provide Temkin Ratings within the MaritzCX Platform. MaritzCX customers will now have access to survey templates and be able to compare their Temkin Ratings index score against other companies. The MaritzCX Platform will provide dashboards that allow users to compare data side by side for a direct comparison. Temkin Ratings evaluate organizations based on feedback collected over the past six years using a large-scale survey of more than 10,000 US consumers across 20 industries. Bynder Joins Salesforce Partners Boston digital asset management solution Bynder has joined the Salesforce Partner Program in support of Salesforce Commerce Cloud. Commerce Cloud enables brands to provide personalized experiences for shoppers that span web, mobile, social and in-store. The Bynder Salesforce Commerce Cloud cartridge enables customers to use Bynder as a single content source to access digital assets in the Salesforce Commerce Cloud environment. In related news, Salesforce this week opened a new office in Bellevue, Wash., which will house one of the company's largest engineering and innovation hubs. In the coming months, Salesforce plans to double its workforce in Bellevue to nearly 500. 0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments OpenText Buys Documentum, Faces Competition as Veeva Goes Bigger on ECM Adobe, Acquia, Episerver Lead New Forrester WCM Wave Keep Your Eye on Customer Data Platforms: They'll Be Worth $1B by 2019 Microsoft Improves File Sync Between SharePoint Team Sites, OneDrive for Business Medium vs. WordPress: Battle of the Blogging Platforms SMS for Contact Centers: The Good, the Bad, the Autocorrect GoDaddy Launches GoCentral, An Ecommerce Website Builder for Small Businesses Fake News, Distrust and Anti-Marketing Twitter Sells Fabric to Google, Plus Top Tech Acquisitions, Funding, More News Let's Move the Needle on Agile, AI, Web CMS and More Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags cxm, digital experience, dxm, fabric, funding, google, mergers and acquisitions, news briefs, twitter   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Feb 2 [Igloo Webinar] 5 Tips for Engaging the Empowered Employee Feb 2 [CMSWire Webinar] The Future of Digital Experience Platforms Feb 2 [Forrester and Lytics Webinar] The Secrets to Marketing Personalization Feb 21 Container World Santa Clara 2017 Jun 19 Digital Workplace Experience Chicago 2017 Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We provide news, advice and analysis for professionals driving digital customer experience strategy, evolving the digital workplace and creating intelligent information management practices. The CMSWire team produces 500+ authoritative articles per quarter for a community of over 750,000 market influencers. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit Conference Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles OpenText Buys Documentum, Faces Competition as Veeva Goes Bigger on ECM view comments Adobe, Acquia, Episerver Lead New Forrester WCM Wave view comments Keep Your Eye on Customer Data Platforms: They'll Be Worth $1B by 2019 view comments Microsoft Improves File Sync Between SharePoint Team Sites, OneDrive for Business view comments Medium vs. WordPress: Battle of the Blogging Platforms view comments Recent Comments © 2017 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6228.2314. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Google pushed developers to fix security flaws in 275,000 Android apps Google pushed developers to fix security flaws in 275,000 Android apps Over 90,000 developers acted based on alerts issued through the Google Play App Security Improvement program Lucian Constantin (IDG News Service) 21 January, 2017 02:51 - - - - print email Comments Over the past two years, Google has pressured developers to patch security issues in more than 275,000 Android apps hosted on its official app store. In many cases this was done under the threat of blocking future updates to the insecure apps. Since 2014, Google has been scanning apps published on Google Play for known vulnerabilities as part of its App Security Improvement (ASI) program. Whenever a known security issue is found in an application, the developer receives an alert via email and through the Google Play Developer Console. When it started, the program only scanned apps for embedded Amazon Web Services (AWS) credentials, which was a common problem at the time. The exposure of AWS credentials can lead to serious compromises of the cloud servers used by apps to store user data and content. Later that year, Google also started scanning for embedded Keystore files. These files typically contain cryptographic keys, both public and private, that are used to encrypt data or secure connections. In the early days of the ASI program, developers only received notifications, but were under no pressure to do anything. That changed in 2015 when Google expanded the types of issues it scanned for and also started enforcing deadlines for fixing many of them. The company provides detailed information on the flaws it detects along with guidance on how to fix them. However, developers who fail to resolve the problems within the timeframes provided by Google can lose the ability to release future updates for the affected apps through Google Play. Google added checks for six new vulnerabilities in 2015, all of them with a patching deadline, and 17 in 2016, 12 of which had a time limit for fixes. These issues ranged from security flaws in third-party libraries, development frameworks and advertising SDKs to insecure implementations of Android Java classes and interfaces. For example, developers who used the Supersonic SDK in their applications have until January 26 to upgrade the SDK to version 6.3.5 or newer. Older versions of this SDK expose sensitive functions through Javascript that are vulnerable to man-in-the-middle attacks. Until April 2016, the Google Play App Security Improvement program helped developers patch 100,000 applications. Since then the number almost tripled, around 90,000 developers patching security issues in over 275,000 apps, said Rahul Mishra, Android security program manager in a blog post Thursday. The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about Amazon Web ServicesAWSGoogle Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Dell EMC Global data protection index II The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed EMA Survey Report Latest Jobs Team Lead - Infrastructure, Cloud and Cyber Security QLD DevOps Engineer NSW IT Project Coordinator VIC Service Delivery Manager QLD Multiple Infrastructure Architects WA System Administrator QLD Salesforce Technical Business Analyst (Brisbane based) Other Infrastructure Solution Architect SA Senior Network Engineer NSW JDEVELOPER SA Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next PwC brought in to investigate "unprecedented" ATO hardware failure ​Grubb decision goes the wrong way ​Google becomes its own Root Certificate Authority CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow CSO LeakedSource's shutdown is a blow to amateur hackers Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma Five arrested for hacking into ATMs and stealing $3.2 million Cisco starts patching critical flaw in WebEx browser extension Compliance focus, too much security expertise hurts awareness programs Computerworld Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma Microsoft gets unexpected bump in Windows revenue Toshiba sells off a stake in its memory business to WD Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ Corruption claims over failed $240m Ultranet project ARN Contino lands in Australia as professional services start-up expands regionally CSG Services, Oracle named in Victoria’s Ultranet corruption probe Former Webroot head joins Insentra A partner's guide to weeding out Australia’s “warmware” risks Optus vaults into Voice over Wi-Fi services Techworld The world's largest solar farm contains 2.5 million solar modules Alt Twitter government accounts spring up to challenge Trump LeakedSource's shutdown is a blow to amateur hackers Trump’s unsecure Android phone highlights common security dilemma Intel pursues Moore's Law with plan to make first 7-nm chips this year CMO CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 27 January 2017 How HBF rolled out marketing automation in eight months De Castro takes marketing and sales reins at AGL Updated: Ganschow, Ristevski, Kirby join NAB's marketing leadership team Tealium CEO: AI, IoT and the ongoing customer data integration challenge Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › US home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Donald Trump Donald Trump inauguration: parade and protesters take to streets of DC – as it happened Women’s March on Washington and global anti-Trump protests – live ‘American carnage’: Trump’s vision casts shadow over day of pageantry What you need to know about Trump’s first speech as president Updated Trump takes oath of office and gives first speech as US president Contribute with Guardian Witness Alan Yuhas (now), Tom McCarthy and Matthew Weaver (earlier) Friday 20 January 2017 21.26 EST First published on Friday 20 January 2017 02.51 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 8.14pm EST 20:14 White House releases orders 7.36pm EST 19:36 Trump signs two executive orders 6.43pm EST 18:43 DC police say 217 arrested 6.19pm EST 18:19 Senate confirms Trump's DHS pick 6.08pm EST 18:08 Senate confirms Trump's Pentagon pick 3.54pm EST 15:54 White House petitioned on taxes and conflicts 3.05pm EST 15:05 Trump asks Clinton to stand up Live feed Show 9.26pm EST 21:26 Summary With the inaugural balls well underway, we’re going to close our rolling coverage of the inauguration of the 45th president of the United States with a summary of the day’s events. Donald Trump was sworn in by chief justice John Roberts as the 45th president of the United States, as Barack Obama handed over White House to the businessman, who has never held office or served in the military and who rose to prominence among conservatives by questioning the legitimacy of the 44th president. In his inaugural address, Trump painted a bleak picture of “American carnage” across the country, speaking about inequality, abandoned factories “like tombstones” and “the crime and the gangs and the drugs.” He promised: “we will make America strong again, wealthy again, proud again, safe again and, yes, together we will make America great again.” Trump pledged an “America first” policy in all things, using a phrase that has been denounced by the Anti-Defamation League for its roots with 1940s Nazi sympathizers. “We’ve defended other nations’ borders while refusing to defend our own,” Trump said. “But that is the past. And now we are looking only to the future.” The speech at times veered away from reality in its tour through an America supposedly riven with “disrepair and decay”. He also urged unification, saying he hoped to “unlock the mysteries of space” and “heal our divisions”. “It’s time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots.” The new president signed an executive order to “ease the burden” of the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. Republicans have promised to quickly dismantle the law, possibly leaving more than 20 million Americans without healthcare and threatening to balloon deficits around the country. Trump’s order appears to anticipate those financial risks, yet urges “prompt repeal”. Thousands of protesters filled the streets of Washington DC, in mostly peaceful demonstrations that contrasted sharply with the thin crowds watching the inaugural parade. More than 200 people were arrested after sporadic violence broke out, when some protesters threw bricks and bottles at police and officers fired pepper spray and stinging projectiles in return. There was also some vandalism, including a limousine set on fire. Washington braced for far larger protests planned for Saturday, including a Women’s March that expects more than 200,000 people. Initial analysis of crowd size, meanwhile, suggested that far more people attended Obama’s 2009 inauguration than Trump’s 2017 inauguration. Trump’s White House immediately put his priorities on the new site: policing and the military, manufacturing, trade and oil drilling, and “America first”. Immigrants around the US, with and without papers, braced for life under the new administration. Americans almost immediately petitioned Trump to release his taxes and divest from his businesses. The Senate confirmed two retired generals to Trump’s cabinet, James Mattis and John Kelly, to head the Pentagon and Department of Homeland Security, respectively. Both men have broken with Trump on several key positions, including the US attitude toward Russian and building a wall along teh border with Mexico. 'American carnage': Trump's vision casts shadow over day of pageantry Read more Updated at 9.30pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.12pm EST 21:12 At one of the inaugural balls, there is riverdancing. Michael Flattery, the self-proclaimed “Lord of the Dance” is one of the inaugural performers, but the actual company called Riverdance is not. Trump is supposed to attend three balls this evening. He is late to the first. Feet Photograph: Screengrab Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.59pm EST 20:59 White House press secretary Sean Spicer quashes rumors that a bust of Martin Luther King Jr has been moved out of the Oval Office. Sean Spicer (@PressSec) Thanks to White House Chief of Staff for this wonderful picture of the MLK bust in the oval pic.twitter.com/Lzgj6RljvI January 21, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.25pm EST 20:25 President Donald Trump has already redecorated the Oval Office, the White House pool reports. A bust of Winston Churchill has returned to the room – it spent Barack Obama’s presidency in the Treaty Room, much to some conservative’s chagrin. A bust of Martin Luther King Jr placed in the Oval office by Obama remains in the president’s office. Trump has also changed the drapes from crimson to gold. Ben Domenech (@bdomenech) Winston's back. pic.twitter.com/5ZEnMshcRY January 21, 2017 Trump has three inaugural balls to attend this evening; my colleague David Smith is at the Native Nations Inaugural Ball at the Smithsonian National Museum. David Smith (@SmithInAmerica) At Native Nations Inaugural Ball at the Smithsonian National Museum of the American Indian in Washington. pic.twitter.com/ynFozzOULn January 21, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.14pm EST 20:14 White House releases orders The White House has released the text of two orders, one sent by chief of staff Reince Priebus and the second signed by president Donald Trump. One directs federal agencies to “send no regulation” to the office of the federal register without approval; withdraw regulations that have been sent to the office but not published; postpone the implementation of rule, wherever possible, that have been published but have not yet taken effect, until further review. In short, a freeze on any new regulation wherever possible. The second order acknowledges that repealing the Affordable Care Act without a replacement – and likely with one – will strain the budgets of states around the US.The order directs agencies to waiver, defer, and grant exemptions from the healthcare act wherever possible, so that it “minimizes the economic burden” of repeal. Ben Jacobs (@Bencjacobs) Trump EO on Obamacare now out pic.twitter.com/SIhPpQWwyW January 21, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.01pm EST 20:01 Secretary of defense James Mattis has issued his first statement to the Pentagon: “It’s good to be back and I’m grateful to serve alongside you as secretary of defense. Together with the Intelligence Community we are the sentinels and guardians of our nation. We need only look to you, the uniformed and civilian members of the deparment and your families, to see the fundamental unity of our country. You represent an America committed to the common good; an America that is never complacent about defending its freedoms; and an America that remains a steady beacon of hope for all mankind. Every action we take will be designed to ensure our military is ready to fight today and in the future. Recognizing that no nation is secure without friends, we will work with the State Department to strengtehn our alliances. Further we are devoted gaining full value from every taxpayer dollar spent on defense, thereby earning the trust of Congress and the American people. I am confident you will do your part. I pledge to you I’ll do my best as your secretary. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.36pm EST 19:36 Trump signs two executive orders White House press secretary Sean Spicer has tweeted a photo of the president signing two executive orders in the Oval Office. One is a freeze on all new regulation by federal agencies.. The second pertains to the Affordable Care Act, but Trump’s team has given no details of what it actually means except that it intends to “ease the burdens” of the healthcare law. Sean Spicer (@PressSec) .@potus signs documents to allow Mattis and Kelly to be sworn in & exec order on #Obamacare pic.twitter.com/CdGcGlyfbI January 21, 2017 Updated at 7.55pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.28pm EST 19:28 At an impromptu press conference, White House press secretary Sean Spicer has told reporters that the president will order a government-wide freeze on all new regulations, as well as a second, more vague order regarding healthcare. There are still no details about how the order will “ease the burden” of Barack Obama’s healthcare reforms. Republicans in control of Congress have yet to propose a plan that would replace “Obamacare”; more than 20 million people stand to lose healthcare should they repeal it without one. Jamie Dupree (@jamiedupree) (AP) -- Spokesman: Trump signs executive order ordering federal agencies to ease burden of Affordable Care Act January 21, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.18pm EST 19:18 Richard Spencer, the so-called “alt-right” leader who celebrated Trump’s victory in November with Nazi salutes, was punched in the face earlier today. The incident was caught on camera. Gender-Professecs (@MrTrunney) Richard Spencer got punched in the face during the protests at Trump's #inauguration pic.twitter.com/oQAwtbtEeT January 20, 2017 The vast majority of protests around Washington on Friday were and remain peaceful, but some protesters clashed violently with police, throwing bricks and bottles, or committed acts of vandalism, setting vehicles and garbage on fire. Police said they had arrested 217 people, and that they suspected many of the people arrested were not DC-area residents. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.12pm EST 19:12 The Trump White House has released a statement on the confirmations of his choices for secretaries of defense and homeland security, the retired generals James Mattis and John Kelly. In the statement, Donald Trump urges the Senate to hurry. I am pleased by the confirmation votes of Generals Mattis and Kelly. These uniquely qualified leaders will immediately begin the important work of rebuilding our military, defending our nation and securing our borders. I am proud to have these two American heroes join my administration. “I call on members of the Senate to fulfill their constitutional obligation and swiftly confirm the remainder of my highly qualified cabinet nominees, so that we can get to work on behalf of the American people without further delay.” Trump reportedly also has a pair of executive actions to be announced imminently. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.03pm EST 19:03 The Senate has ended its first session under the Trump administration with a move to confirm Mike Pompeo, a member of the House and Donald Trump’s choice to lead the Central Intelligence Agency, with a vote of 88 to eight. Pompeo is not officially confirmed yet; the Senate will resume on Monday to finalize the vote. In his confirmation hearings, Pompeo distanced himself from a few of Trump’s extreme positions, for instance rejecting the idea that the spy agency would return to its use of torture. During the campaign, Trump insisted “torture works” and that he wanted to use methods “a hell of lot worse than waterboarding”. His choice to lead the Pentagon, retired general James Mattis, has rejected the idea that torture works, as has the Senate veteran John McCain, a former prisoner of war. Pompeo also strongly defended the US’s intelligence agencies during his hearing, which took place the same week that Trump was denigrating the CIA for its conclusion that Vladimir Putin hacked into Democratic servers to help the Republican win the election. Trump later accused the intelligence agencies of behaving like Nazi Germany, a comparison that the outgoing CIA chief, John Brennan called “outrageous”. The lawmaker said that as CIA chief he would not shy from investigations involving Russia or any other country. “I will continue to pursue foreign intelligence with vigor no matter where the facts lead,” Pompeo said. Mike Pompeo rules out use of torture under Trump presidency Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.50pm EST 18:50 Since you’re here, we have a small favor to ask. More people are reading the Guardian than ever – but far fewer are paying for it, and advertising revenues are falling fast. So you can see why we need to ask for your help. The Guardian’s journalism takes a lot of time, money and hard work to produce. But we do it because we believe that independent reporting and plurality of voices matter. If everyone who reads our reporting helps to pay for it, our future would be much more a monthly payment or a one-off contribution. – Guardian HQ Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.43pm EST 18:43 DC police say 217 arrested A spokesperson for Washington DC’s police has said that 217 people were arrested on Friday in relation to protests around the city. Six officers were hurt with minor injuries, and police used pepper spray and stinging balls on protesters. Lauren Gambino (@LGamGam) Police chief said his "sense" is that the protesters causing the violence are not from the DC area. January 20, 2017 Riot police watch the crowd. Photograph: Jose Luis Magana/AP Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.19pm EST 18:19 Senate confirms Trump's DHS pick Retired general John Kelly, Donald Trump’s pick to lead the Department of Homeland Security, has been confirmed by the Senate in a vote of 88 to 11. Senator Jeff Sessions, himself a Trump appointment, has again abstained. General John Kelly. Photograph: Molly Riley/AFP/Getty Images Like Mattis, Kelly has broken with Trump on some of the president’s highest-profile promises. During his confirmation hearing, the former Marine Crops general said that a wall “in and of itself will not do the job” of border security, and said that he did not support a religious registry to account for Muslims, or anyone else, in America. “I don’t think it’s ever appropriate to focus on something like religion as the only factor,” Kelly said. He was urged by senator Claire McCaskill, a Democrat, to “speak truth to the commander-in-chief”. John Kelly shies from Trump's wall and Muslim registry in confirmation hearing Read more Updated at 6.21pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.08pm EST 18:08 Senate confirms Trump's Pentagon pick Retired general James “Mad Dog” Mattis has been confirmed as Donald Trump’s secretary of defense by the Senate, 98 in favor and one against. Senator Jeff Sessions, Trump’s pick for attorney general, abstained from the vote, and Democrat Kirsten Gillibrand voted against Mattis, based on her conviction that the military should be overseen by a civilian administrator. Mattis. Photograph: Michael Reynolds/EPA Mattis has broken with Trump on several key foreign policy issues. The former general has said strongly supported the Nato alliance, urged caution and possible preservation of the Iran nuclear deal, and said that that Vladimir Putin’s Russia raises “grave concerns on several fronts”. Trump in contrast has declared Nato “obsolete”, promised to take apart the Iran deal, and persistently said he wants “to get along” with Russia. “I’m all for engagement but we also have to recognize reality, and what Russia is up to,” Mattis said during his confirmation hearing. “There are a decreasing number of areas where we can engage cooperatively, and an incerasing number of areas where we will have to confront Russia.” The Senate will next vote on another Trump appointment: retired general John Kelly, his pick to head the Department of Homeland Security. Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell is also moving for a quick vote on Mike Pompeo to head the CIA, though Democrats are objecting in request for more time to debate. Leader McConnell (@SenateMajLdr) James Mattis has been confirmed by the #Senate as Secretary of the @DeptofDefense, the first for @POTUS. #Inauguration January 20, 2017 James Mattis warned that land-based nuclear missiles pose false alarm danger Read more Updated at 6.21pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 21 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Donald Trump Donald Trump inauguration US politics Washington DC Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content More on this story Donald Trump sworn in as 45th president of the United States Trump describes ‘American carnage’ in dark inauguration speech in which he vows to transfer power from political elites ‘back to you, the people’ Published: 20 Jan 2017 Donald Trump sworn in as 45th president of the United States Trump signs 'extreme vetting' executive order for people entering the US Trump announced and signed executive action that has widely been reported as a temporary ban on refugees and immigrants from Muslim-majority countries Published: 27 Jan 2017 Trump signs 'extreme vetting' executive order for people entering the US US could face human rights crisis after Trump's xenophobic immigration orders Hidden among the promise of a wall and the withdrawal of funding to sanctuary cities is a much more insidious – and immediate – move to replace the ‘catch and release’ border policy with mandatory detention Published: 26 Jan 2017 US could face human rights crisis after Trump's xenophobic immigration orders View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story Donald Trump sworn in as 45th president of the United States Trump describes ‘American carnage’ in dark inauguration speech in which he vows to transfer power from political elites ‘back to you, the people’ Published: 20 Jan 2017 Donald Trump sworn in as 45th president of the United States Trump signs 'extreme vetting' executive order for people entering the US Trump announced and signed executive action that has widely been reported as a temporary ban on refugees and immigrants from Muslim-majority countries Published: 27 Jan 2017 Trump signs 'extreme vetting' executive order for people entering the US US could face human rights crisis after Trump's xenophobic immigration orders Hidden among the promise of a wall and the withdrawal of funding to sanctuary cities is a much more insidious – and immediate – move to replace the ‘catch and release’ border policy with mandatory detention Published: 26 Jan 2017 US could face human rights crisis after Trump's xenophobic immigration orders 'American carnage': Donald Trump's vision casts shadow over day of pageantry In Donald Trump’s first speech as US president, he offered a sinister view of the US: cities afflicted by crime, political elite in control and closed-down factories Published: 21 Jan 2017 'American carnage': Donald Trump's vision casts shadow over day of pageantry Trump-Mexico relations hit new low after 20% border wall tax mooted Published: 27 Jan 2017 Trump-Mexico relations hit new low after 20% border wall tax mooted What you need to know about Trump's first speech as president Published: 20 Jan 2017 What you need to know about Trump's first speech as president Inauguration protests: more than 200 demonstrators arrested in Washington Published: 20 Jan 2017 Inauguration protests: more than 200 demonstrators arrested in Washington Donald Trump's first 100 days as president – daily updates Published: 27 Jan 2017 Donald Trump's first 100 days as president – daily updates More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US selected politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video US News › Donald Trump Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Android’s biggest strength is driving people to the iPhone Zach Epstein BGR NewsJanuary 20, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Once upon a time, a team of engineers began work on a mobile operating system called Android. The platform began its life as an uninspired BlackBerry OS clone, but one glimpse of Apple’s new iPhone would help Google realize that it needed a serious course correction. As a result, the version of Android that debuted on the HTC Dream in 2008 was much more iPhoney than the version that had been previewed by Google a year earlier. Despite the similarities to Apple’s mobile software, however, Android included a number of advantages over Apple’s iPhone OS, namely its versatility and the fact that it was an open source platform available to any hardware manufacturer for free. For years, users have flocked to Android for a number of reasons. One is obviously the sheer volume of Android devices that have flooded the market; since Android is freely available to hardware companies, hundreds of companies have adopted the platform. Another reason people have been drawn to Android is the software’s versatility and flexibility. But while many users still enjoy that freedom, more and more people seem to be leaving Android and switching to the iPhone because of it. Don't Miss: People are showing off photos of their scratched up Jet Black iPhone 7 handsets Earlier this week, well-known market research firm CIRP issued a report stating that users are moving from the Android platform to iPhones far less frequently than they have in the past. That may or may not be the case, but you wouldn’t know it to look at Reddit, where new threads pop up every single day started by Android users who have recently jumped ship to the iPhone. One recent thread in particular caught our attention. The thread was started by Redditor “DiamondsWithaZ,” a self-professed Android fanboy who has spent the last five years using a variety of different Android phones. The freedom and versatility had been what initially made him love Android phones, and he regularly rooted his phones to install custom ROMs. Over time, however, the very thing that drew him to Android grew tiresome, and he ended up buying an iPhone 7. “It’s so buttery smooth with everything I do, the battery life is amazing, camera is great, and it’s just a beautiful device overall,” the Redditor wrote. “I’m still finding out things that impress me.” This is just one user’s experience, of course, but it’s also the latest in a string of similar posts we’ve seen around the web. Google gives third-party developers carte blanche to add just about any functionality to Android, and custom ROMs push the platform’s versatility even further. After a while, however, people realize that they want a phone that just works. Google’s mobile platform still hasn’t managed to match the iPhone when it comes to the overall user experience and the smoothness of the OS, and Android phone makers are nowhere close to matching the iPhone’s power and performance. The ability to customize every last feature in Android is and will continue to be a big draw for many people, but we’re seeing more and more users grow tired of tinkering. Trending right now: These are the dash cams your car has been waiting for You won’t believe how much Amazon is charging for Google’s Pixel XL Samsung will blame the Galaxy Note 7’s battery when it releases its findings on Monday See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News The Best Way To Find Out If They Are Unfaithful TruthFinderSponsored Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The Mother Lode of Galaxy S8 Leaks Just Landed Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) 50% of People Pay Too Much Best BuySponsored Seven years later, we’re still asking the wrong questions about the iPad The Verge Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
SearchCloudComputing Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchCloudComputing SearchServerVirtualization SearchVMware SearchVirtualDesktop SearchAWS SearchDataCenter SearchWindowsServer SearchCRM Topic Public cloud providers Public cloud View All Amazon Web Services cloud IaaS cloud deployment Open source cloud computing Applications View All Cloud desktop and application delivery Enterprise application integration with cloud providers Mobile cloud applications Network and application performance in the cloud Software as a Service and cloud computing XaaS Costs and management View All Cloud computing pricing and economics Cloud disaster recovery Cloud management and monitoring Negotiating service-level agreements and billing with cloud providers Development View All Big data and BI Building scalable websites in the cloud Cloud APIs and frameworks Cloud development and testing Cloud interoperability and portability High-performance computing in the cloud Platform as a Service and cloud computing Security View All Cloud computing standards and compliance Cloud governance Data security in the cloud Private cloud View All Hybrid cloud Cloud architecture design Cloud computing and virtualization Private cloud providers Public cloud View All Amazon Web Services cloud IaaS cloud deployment Open source cloud computing Public cloud providers Topics Archive View All Building a private cloud infrastructure Cloud backup Cloud computing business intelligence Cloud computing for VARs Cloud Computing Resources Cloud computing strategies for CIOs Use cases Infrastructure Cloud service provider business models CRM in the cloud Data center colocation services Data quality in test and development Linux and cloud computing Networking and cloud infrastructure planning Oracle in the cloud Public cloud computing services SaaS and cloud computing security SAP in the cloud SOA and cloud development VMware cloud computing WANs for cloud computing Windows Azure development Please select a category Applications Costs and management Development Security Private cloud Public cloud Section Get Started News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities Melpomene - Fotolia Words to go: Google cloud storage services by Kathleen Casey Assistant Site Editor When it comes to cloud storage, going in blind will cause inefficiency and high costs. Familiar yourself with these key Google storage terms to determine where your data best fits. This Article Covers Public cloud providers RELATED TOPICS Amazon Web Services cloud IaaS cloud deployment Open source cloud computing Looking for something else? Words to go: Azure storage types A Google cloud services guide for the enterprise IBM SoftLayer TECHNOLOGIES Cloud based storage Cloud cost management Object storage PRODUCTS Google Storage + Show More In this Article Share this item with your network: Related Content Google Cloud Storage prices cut, Glacier cold storage... – SearchCloudComputing bucket (AWS bucket) – SearchAWS Google's public cloud storage advanced little in 2014 – SearchCloudStorage Sponsored News Data Virtualization Provides VM Mobility Between Data Centers –SimpliVity Rethinking Storage in the Age of Converged Infrastructure –Dell See More Vendor Resources In Cloud Storage, Options Abound –SearchCloudComputing.com Asean Storage Magazine ezine February 2015 –SearchStorage.com There are many reasons enterprises choose to adopt a cloud model, but storage is still a key driver. Major cloud providers, such as Amazon Web Services, Azure and Google, offer different storage types and tools to organize and manage stored data. Google Cloud Storage, a service within the Google Cloud Platform, provides unified object storage for a wide range of data types, including data that is live or archived. It is broken down into four storage classes: Regional, Multi-Regional, Nearline and Coldline. All classes provide unlimited data, the same tools and APIs for data access, OAuth and granular access controls, access to other Google Cloud Storage services and a pay-per-use model. Review these terms to become more familiar with Google cloud storage services: Google Cloud Storage Regional: Google Cloud Storage Regional stores data in a single geographic location, rather than spreading that data out across a group of locations. This service offers 99.9% availability. This storage class works best for compute, analytics and machine learning workloads, such as a data store for a Google Compute Engine instance, within a specific region. Google Cloud Storage Regional provides high performance and availability when storage and compute resources are paired within the same region. Storing data regionally can also reduce network charges. This storage service is priced at $0.02 per GB per month. Google Cloud Storage Multi-Regional: Google Cloud Storage Multi-Regional is a service that stores data in Google's multiregional locations, such as the United States, European Union and Asia. It is meant to store frequently accessed data from around the world, such as mobile application data and website content, due to its 99.95% availability and geo-redundancy. Unlike some other Google cloud storage services, this class stores data redundantly in at least two separate locations, which protects data from being inaccessible during disruptions, such as a natural disaster. It is priced at $0.026 per GB per month depending on the location. Google Cloud Storage Nearline: With a slightly lower availability of 99%, higher latency and sub-second response times for data retrieval, Google Cloud Storage Nearline is best used for cold storage, meaning for data that is accessed infrequently. This storage option is also often used for backup, disaster recovery and archival purposes. The minimum storage period is 30 days, and the service is best for data that is only accessed once a month, such as monthly reports. The data can be stored in a bucket created in both a regional and multiregional location. Google Cloud Storage Nearline costs $0.01 per GB per month and data retrieval incurs a cost of $0.01 per GB. Google Cloud Storage Coldline: Google Cloud Storage Coldline is a competitor of Amazon Glacier. It is best used for archiving and disaster recovery, as it provides 99% availability and sub-second average response times. It shares similarities with Google Cloud Storage Nearline, but is meant for data that is only accessed once a year, such as data archives for regulatory compliance, and has a 90-day minimum storage duration. Also like Nearline, the data can be stored in a bucket created in both regional and multiregional locations. Coldline Storage is $0.007 per GB per month, and retrieving data incurs a cost of $0.05 per GB. Google Persistent Disk Storage: Google Persistent Disk Storage is durable block storage in the form of flash-based solid-state drives and hard disk drives that Google manages on users' behalf. This Google storage option, which users can attach to a Google Compute Engine instance, quickly backs up data and provides multi-reader capabilities. The maximum total disk size per instance is generally 64 TB, but disk space is limited to 3 TB for shared-core machine types or custom machine types with less than 3.75 GB of memory. Most instance types can have up to 16 independent persistent disks. Google Persistent Disk Storage is priced between $0.04 and $0.17 per GB per month depending on the type. Google Cloud Platform Console: Google Cloud Platform Console is a browser-based tool that helps admins manage Google Compute Engine resources and Google cloud storage services. Management tasks include enabling the Google Cloud Storage API, managing buckets and objects and supervising access control lists. Admins can also drag and drop data to a cloud storage bucket using the console. Google Cloud Transfer Service: With the Google Cloud Transfer Service, admins can more quickly import data into Google cloud storage services, as well as transfer data between buckets. Admins also use this transfer service to back up data from another storage provider, move to cheaper storage options or manage synchronization. Google Object Lifecycle Management: With the Google Object Lifecycle Management feature, admins can use a set of configurations to specify rules for objects in a storage bucket. When an object meets those rules, Google will automatically perform an action, such as deleting objects that were created before a specified date. Gsutil Tool: The gsutil tool is a Python application available through the Google Cloud Software Development Kit. Admins can use the tool to perform bucket and object management tasks, such as deleting objects and buckets, from the command line. Next Steps AWS and Google battle over cold storage Explore Azure storage options Don't choose a cloud storage service based only on price This was last published in January 2017 Dig Deeper on Public cloud providers All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Unwrap containers-as-a-service challenges and best practices Cloud partnerships, acquisitions to shake up market in 2017 Choose the best Google cloud instance types for your workloads Azure features expanded in 2016 as Microsoft solidified its platform Load More View All Azure features expanded in 2016 as Microsoft solidified its platform Cloud data center expansion becomes an arms race among heavy hitters Plan to kill Cisco public cloud highlights the investment needed to compete Q&A: Google hardware challenges in the cloud Load More View All News Words to go: Azure storage types A Google cloud services guide for the enterprise IBM SoftLayer Microsoft Azure Marketplace Load More View All Get started Unwrap containers-as-a-service challenges and best practices Cloud partnerships, acquisitions to shake up market in 2017 Choose the best Google cloud instance types for your workloads Explore Microsoft Azure automation options and tools Load More View All Evaluate Find the best Azure instance types for your workloads How to set up and manage Azure subscriptions Four ways to streamline cloud access security broker adoption How can I use Azure Resource Manager more effectively? Load More View All Manage Five things every cloud developer needs to know about Windows Azure Four things your public cloud provider will never tell you How four providers ranked in head-to-head cloud performance benchmarks Three things that could derail cloud computing success Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Chapter Deciding what goes where in a multi-cloud environment Kathleen Casey asks: What changes would you like to see from Google Cloud Storage? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Kathleen Casey - 20 Jan 2017 10:02 AM What changes would you like to see from Google Cloud Storage? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Server Virtualization VMWare Virtual Desktop AWS Data Center Windows Server CRM SearchServerVirtualization Monitor an environment with Simple Network Management Protocol Monitoring a large or complex environment can be a major undertaking, but the right technology can make it a more straightforward... Address these storage issues to help find bottlenecks Drive configuration, server connection and storage backplanes are all things that can affect application latency. Start with ... Should your virtualization hosts be configured as Nano Servers? In most cases, running Hyper-V on Nano Servers, which have a smaller footprint than server cores, will result in significant ... SearchVMware Follow these steps for a clean vCSA 6.5 installation and setup The new VMware vCSA 6.5 is a departure from previous versions in that it runs a Photon OS and allows users to launch the ... VM Encryption enhances security in VMware vSphere 6.5 Although VM-level encryption has been around for some time, it's been riddled with problems. VMware aims to change all that with ... Automated Space Reclamation gives storage a boost in vSphere 6.5 VMware introduced new storage features in the latest release of vSphere 6.5, including support for VMFS 6 File System and support... SearchVirtualDesktop Explore how application layering works and why to consider it Application layering offers an alternative to app virtualization or installing apps directly on the virtual desktop. This ... Dell Wyse thin clients offer VDI shops a diverse device selection Dell Wyse offers a wide variety of thin clients that span from high-end to cheap zero clients. The Wyse 3030 and 7040 are two of ... What to know about remote display protocol technology For organizations using virtual desktops, it's important to understand the features behind the remote display protocols in ... SearchAWS Amazon Cloud Directory adds and removes flexibility Amazon Cloud Directory brings a cloud-native approach to data management and moves away from traditional models, but it isn't ... Questions linger about VMware on AWS partnership Is running VMware virtualization on top of AWS the best way to effectively manage workloads? That depends who you ask. How to fix common AWS credentials mistakes with Amazon EMR We're running into authorization errors in Elastic MapReduce. How can we better manage our cloud permissions to avoid these ... SearchDataCenter Dodge sneaky colocation costs by monitoring your bill Colocation fees can pile up if you're not savvy. Negotiate with your provider and predict the scale of your organization to avoid... Data center compliance teams face new privacy, sustainability rules With new frameworks for data privacy and sustainability, such as Privacy Shield and the Paris Agreement, data center teams may ... HPE-SimpliVity deal raises support, price and development questions With HPE's buy of No. 2 SimpliVity -- the first big deal in the HCI space -- IT pros see a more robust offering, but also higher ... SearchWindowsServer How to safely plug in PowerShell Web Access for remote management While PowerShell Web Access is a convenient way to maintain remote servers, there are security considerations to weigh. Windows Management Framework 5 update gives PowerShell users a fix Microsoft answered admin requests for new features and fixed several bugs with its WMF 5.1 release, giving users a slew of ... Pester PowerShell unit testing ensures quality code PowerShell jockeys can turn to the Pester unit testing framework to ensure the code they write is up to snuff. SearchCRM Software creation is not for every startup While it may be beneficial in the long run, creating AI software requires patience, investment and the right cast of employees. ... How analytics in marketing can transform organizations Marketing is second only to sales in terms of analytics application -- and it's where the odds of business success can most ... Chatbot integration brings intelligent insight to your fingertips Automation and notification processes are increasingly being left to chatbots, providing employees with clearer project updates ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2010 - 2017, TechTarget Close

Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media SEJ SUMMIT Tools Advertise Progressive Web Apps: The New Standard For Mobile Search? Mobile Search January 20, 2017 Mobile Search Chuck PriceJanuary 20, 2017 699SHARES 2.4KREADS 699SHARES 2.4KREADS Chuck Price 699SHARES 2.4KREADS Google recognized early on that the future of the web was mobile. They also saw a trend in mobile users favoring native apps over traditional websites. A 2015 report published by Morgan Stanley pegged web traffic at roughly 2X that of native apps. Google needs to hold on to this advantage to remain relevant. To do so, they have invested heavily in both creating and promoting technology designed to deliver a better mobile web search experience. The Progressive Web App is one of those technologies. The idea behind PWAs is to deliver fast, reliable and engaging app-like experience via mobile browser. Alex Russell, a Google software engineer, explains it this way: “Progressive Web Apps blur the line between Web content and apps, but they keep the strengths of the Web.” How Does It Work? Progressive Web Apps (PWAs) are designed to load “instantly.”  This is accomplished by routing browser requests through a script, known as a Service Worker. The script eliminates steps otherwise required to access certain features or information directly from a website. PWAs also utilize more parameters, capturing user behaviors and preferences so the app can deliver personalized messages or webpage content likely to be of interest to a defined user persona. PWAs save an entire web page to a user’s local storage and place it in an app shell. The content is only updated as needed. A“Service Worker” serves all CSS stylesheets, images, JavaScript, pages, etc. Because most everything needed to render a page is stored locally, it delivers blazing fast performance. Unlike native apps, PWAs are accessed from a browser. There is no downloading or installation involved. Progressive Web Apps, published online, are completely linkable. Another advantage is the app will work offline, utilizing cached data saved from previous online activity. Some have suggested that PWAs may ultimately replace the current generation of mobile websites. Progressive Web App Checklist Google has put together a set of minimum standards, which they refer to as the baseline, for creating a PWA. There is also a Chrome extension to validate compliance. The checklist mandates: Site is served over HTTPS Pages are responsive on tablets & mobile devices The start URL (at least) loads while offline Metadata provided for Add to Home screen First load fast, even on 3G Site works cross-browser Page transitions don’t feel like they block on the network Each page has a URL There is a supplemental checklist for the creation of “Exemplary Progressive Web Apps” which must be checked manually: Site’s content is indexed by Google org metadata is provided where appropriate Social metadata is provided where appropriate Canonical URLs are provided when necessary Pages use the History API Content doesn’t jump as the page loads Pressing back from a detail page retains scroll position on the previous list page When tapped, inputs aren’t obscured by the on-screen keyboard Content is easily sharable from standalone or full-screen mode Site is responsive across phone, tablet, and desktop screen sizes Any app install prompts are not used excessively The Add to Home Screen prompt is intercepted First load very fast even on 3G Site uses cache-first networking Site appropriately informs the user when they’re offline UI encouraging users to turn on Push Notifications must not be overly aggressive for at least a few days (for example, one week) Site dims the screen when permission request is showing Push notifications must be timely, precise, and relevant Provides controls to enable and disable notifications User is logged in across devices via Credential Management API User can pay easily via native UI from Payment Request API Advantages of Progressive Web Apps The following are some of the key benefits of PWA’s: No Hardware Restrictions: PWAs utilize a device’s native OS and features. This includes screen orientation, camera, microphone, and geo-location. Regardless of device, all users should experience the same visual interface and content. Users with service worker supported browsers like Chrome will experience all the features of PWAs. Those who browse with clients like Safari, which doesn’t support the full feature set of PWAs, will still see the same layout but won’t be able to take advantage of benefits like offline mode or push notifications. Works like a Native Mobile App: Since the PWA saves everything in an “app shell,” it is possible to emulate the look and feel of a native app, complete with UI elements and animations found in popular app store apps. Google developer guidelines establish a series of best practices to ensure that all Progressive Web Apps deliver a good user experience. Improved Performance: There is less data usage due to offline functionality. The first time a user visits a website with a PWA, content will be downloaded, cached, and stored locally on the user’s device. That allows for web pages to be served near instantly on subsequent visits. It also makes it possible to visit the pages later, in offline mode, with supported browsers. Push Notifications: This provides yet another means to get your message out. Once a website meets Google’s requirements, supported browsers will prompt a visitor to install the PWA on their home screens. The PWA icon has a similar appearance to a native app icon and serves as a bookmark for easy access. The ability to access a PWA in offline mode adds functionality that a native app can’t match. Implications for SEO With the introduction of the mobile first index, it stands to reason that PWAs could now get favorable treatment in the SERPs IF they are both indexable and linkable. These pages are crawled the same as JavaScript or Ajax. Google has provided developers with a set of best practices to accomplish this, and yet another punch list to ensure that all bases are covered. This checklist explains both why and how to: Make your content crawlable Provide clean URLs Specify canonical URLs Design for multiple devices Develop iteratively Use progressive enhancement Test with Search Console Annotate with Schema.org structured data Annotate with Open Graph & Twitter Cards Test with multiple browsers Measure page load performance Flipkart, India’s largest e-commerce site, is frequently cited as a PWA success story. Upon launching their app, they experienced incredible improvement across several key metrics, including: Users’ time on site with Flipkart lite vs. previous mobile experience: 3.5 minutes vs 70 seconds. 3x more time spent on site 40% higher re-engagement rate 70% greater conversion rate among those arriving via Add to Home screen 3x lower data usage The full case study can be downloaded here and a short introduction to their PWA is viewable on YouTube. Another example is the Washington Post, owned by Jeff Bezos, founder of Amazon.com. They publish over 1000 articles daily. No one can dispute that Bezos is a web visionary. If he’s betting on PWA, I’m sure not betting against it. Per Google, after launching their PWA, The Washington Post experienced: 23% increase in mobile search users who return within seven days 88% improvement in load time for AMP content versus traditional mobile web The full case study can be downloaded here. Conclusion There’s a lot to like about PWAs. The ability to operate on any OS is non-trivial in terms of development time and expense. Browsers that may not support all PWA features still render content, so there is really no need to wait. For anyone living in an area of spotty or expensive internet access, the ability to cut data usage by 2/3 is a HUGE deal. Is it possible that Progressive Web Apps could become the mobile standard? Maybe, but it’s far too early to call. What do you think? Hit me up on Twitter or Facebook & let’s talk about it! Image Credits Featured Image Credit: VectorStory/DepositPhotos In-post Image: Chuck Price /  Google Trends Screen Capture Jan 12, 2017 Related Posts How to Get Progressive Web Apps Indexed in Google Search Accelerated Mobile Pages or Apps? An Interview With Duane Forrester Search Within Apps on Your Android Phone With ‘In Apps’ Search 7 Reasons Mobile Apps are the New Frontier of Marketing ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Chuck Price Founder at Measurable SEO Chuck Price is founder of Measurable SEO and former COO of We Build Pages (now InternetMarketingNinjas.com). He's been in digital marketing since 2002 and still... Read Full Bio @ChuckPrice518 +Chuck Price Latest posts by Chuck Price (see all) Progressive Web Apps: The New Standard For Mobile Search? - January 20, 2017 7 White Hat SEO Techniques to Double Traffic in 2017 - January 1, 2017 Inbound vs. Outbound Marketing – What’s Best for 2017? - November 26, 2016 Download: The Beginner's Guide to SEO A Complete Guide to Getting Started in SEO. Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar Link Building for “Boring” Industries Wed. February 8th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast How to Kick Ass at Amazon SEO With Robyn Johnson See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 DuckDuckGo Hits Milestone 14 Million Searches in a Single Day 77.8K reads 1/19/2017 2 10 Ways to Get Ready for Google’s Mobile Interstitials Penalty on January 10th 26.7K reads 1/9/2017 3 7 White Hat SEO Techniques to Double Traffic in 2017 12.0K reads 1/1/2017 4 5 Silly SEO Mistakes That Even Professional Marketers Make 6.3K reads 12/29/2016 5 9 New Visual Content Marketing Trends for 2017 5.7K reads 1/9/2017See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Gillon Hunter Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 22 Gmail Hacks: Turn Your Inbox Into a Productivity Powerhouse 2 Christopher Hart Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Stop Looking at Keyword Search Volume (And Look Here Instead) 3 Joe Howard Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 4 Larry Kim Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 6 SEO Experiments That Will Blow Your Mind 5 Sergey Grybniak Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 5 Silly SEO Mistakes That Even Professional Marketers Make SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post How to Capitalize on Social Media User Mistakes [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Vanity Fair hive business technology politics vf summit hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Business Politics Technology VF Summit Warren Report As Trump Takes Office, Nate Silver Twists the Knife Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Warren Report As Trump Takes Office, Nate Silver Twists the Knife First criticized for underestimating Trump, then overstating his odds, the oft-maligned polling guru takes his revenge. (A version of this column originally appeared on Poynter.org.) by James Warren, Chief Media Writer, Poynter.orgJanuary 20, 2017 10:20 am Email Facebook Twitter By Astrid Stawiarz/Getty Images. The aura of numbers-crunching superstar Nate Silver was diminished by Donald Trump’s victory. He was seen as among the many missing the boat. Old media chortled at stumbling by a paragon of big data. Now comes Silver’s pre-inaugural revenge. He returned after what sounds like a geek’s version of a cleansing spa retreat in Northern California. He’s spent several months stepping back and mulling what happened during the campaign. Apparently leaving few stray thoughts on a digital cutting room floor, he unveils the first of a 12-part occasional series on how the press screwed up, understatedly titled “the real story of 2016.” (FiveThirtyEight) And that does include him, at least somewhat, though a certain defensiveness makes Silver underscore that he gave Trump a greater chance (about 30 percent) than most. The arrogance that courses Big Data’s universe can easily be inferred here, but similarly clear are accurate judgments about a journalism disaster. His series, he says, will largely focus on the news (not investigative or blogging) coverage of The New York Times, a recent (and not harmonious) home for his FiveThirtyEight. He believes that its influence remains substantial and that its coverage encapsulates the basic press errors in maintaining that Hillary Clinton would win. “Why, then, had so many people who covered the campaign been so confident of Clinton’s chances? This is the question I’ve spent the past two to three months thinking about.” The answers, he contends, are “more instructive for how to cover Trump’s White House and future elections than the ones you’d get by simply blaming the polls for the failure to foresee the outcome. They also suggest there are real shortcomings in how American politics are covered, including pervasive groupthink among media elites, an unhealthy obsession with the insider’s view of politics, a lack of analytical rigor, a failure to appreciate uncertainty, a sluggishness to self-correct when new evidence contradicts pre-existing beliefs and a narrow viewpoint that lacks perspective from the longer arc of American history.” In his mind, overconfidence in Clinton’s chances had more to do than just placing inordinate faith in polls. “The most obvious error, given that Clinton won the popular vote by more than 2.8 million votes, is that they frequently mistook Clinton’s weakness in the Electoral College for being a strength. They also focused extensively on Clinton’s potential gains with Hispanic voters, but less on indications of a decline in African-American turnout.” His view of the accurate assessment of Trump’s win, which he feels the press missed, consists of these elements: The background conditions were pretty good for Trump all along; demographics actually gave Trump a big advantage in the Electoral College; voter preferences varied substantially based on news events, and the news cycle ended on a big downturn for Clinton. “This is an uncomfortable story for the mainstream American press. It mostly contradicts the way they covered the election while it was underway (when demographics were often assumed to provide Clinton with an Electoral College advantage, for instance).” “It puts a fair amount of emphasis on news events such as the [F.B.I. Director James Comey] letter, which leads to questions about how those stories were covered. It’s much easier to blame the polls for the failure to foresee the outcome, or the Clinton campaign for blowing a sure thing. But we think the evidence lines up with our version of events. And if almost everyone got the first draft of history wrong in 2016, perhaps there’s still time to get the second draft right.” There’s far more to come. Far more. One just hopes that ego doesn’t displace analytical concision, as bright as Silver may be. He’s already detailed his conclusions rather clearly here. How Google hawks its products “A Wall Street Journal analysis found that ads for products sold by Google and its sister companies appeared in the most prominent spot in 91 percent of 25,000 recent searches related to such items. In 43 percent of the searches, the top two ads both were for Google-related products.” (Wall Street Journal) “The analysis, run by search-ad-data firm SEMrush, examined 1,000 searches each on 25 terms, from ‘laptops to ‘speakers’ to ‘carbon monoxide detectors.’ SEMrush ran the searches Dec. 1 on a desktop computer, blocking past web-surfing history that could influence results.” “The results show how Google uses its dominant search engine to boost other parts of its business and give it an edge over competitors, which include some of its biggest advertising customers.” Trump’s petty revenge Jonathan Salant, Washington correspondent for NJ Advance Media who has covered every presidential inauguration since 1989, informs me of the following: “The presidential inaugural committee imposed a blackout on regional newspapers with Washington correspondents. They never returned emails, never responded to requests and denied everyone credentials to cover the Trump inaugural events but never told anyone so reporters had to wait on lines to pick up non-existent credentials.” They wouldn’t even let reporters pick up their already-approved Secret Service credentials, Salant said. “The Regional Reporters Association email list was buzzing the last two days as Washington reporters from papers across the country traded stories of not being told anything about their credentials, and being turned away when they showed up to try to find out anything,” he said. Salant has “never seen such disdain for the media,” he said. “It costs nothing to send out an email saying you don’t have credentials, or even less effort to hand out the already-issued Secret Service credentials to reporters spending more than an hour trying to find out whether they had been accredited because the inaugural committee didn’t have the common courtesy to respond.” As President-elect Trump would tweet, ‘Sad!’” A brief chill at Perry hearing Rick Perry, the former Texas governor who’s nominee for Energy Secretary, confronted lots of special pleadings from members of a Senate committee yesterday. Everybody has a program they don’t want cut, or more money they want him to find if confirmed. And Chairman Lisa Murkowski, an Alaska Republican, used a journalism staple to make her case: a weather story. It’s important that Alaskans get heat, she said. To that end, she held up a newspaper story with the headline “Frigid Fairbanks” above a photo of a gas station’s digital signage announcing the temperature: minus-52 degrees. (Daily News Miner) Damning or just flawed? The media gave enormous attention to a Justice Department (DOJ) report on the Chicago Police Department. “Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights, Justice Dept. Says” in The New York Times was typical. But, as a rather acute assessment of the report notes, “The reader never learns how many incidents of allegedly unconstitutional behavior the Justice Department found, nor how those incidents compare with the universe of police-civilian contacts conducted by the Chicago Police Department.” (City Journal) “No clue is provided regarding why the DOJ lawyers concluded that the alleged abuses reached the mysterious threshold for constituting a pattern or practice. Instead, the report uses waffle words like ‘several,’ ‘often,’ or ‘many’ as a substitute for actual quantification. This vacuum of information hasn’t stopped the mainstream media from trumpeting the report as yet another exposé of abusive, racist policing.’Excessive force is rife in Chicago, U.S. review finds,’ read the headline on The New York Times’s front-page story, which went on to note that the excessive force was ‘chiefly aimed at African-Americans and Latinos.’” In defense of White House briefings Amid rumors that Trump may curtail the tradition of failing press briefings, Julie Mason, host of a SiriusXM show on the media, writes, “The briefings exist not to serve journalists’ vanity, although that too, but the briefings also are closely watched around the world and serve an important messaging function for the White House.” (U.S. News & World Report) “The existing practices are important symbols of American democracy, handy when U.S. officials prod other nations to step up their own press freedoms and civil rights. No president rejoices at the work of its captive press corps, but most understand why it’s necessary.” Meacham on Bush v. Trump With former President George H.W. Bush hospitalized, I tracked down journalist-historian Jon Meacham to compare Bush with Trump. (U.S. News & World Report) It was a reminder of how increasingly ideological the political and media environment became around the time of Bush’s term. There wasn’t just the rise of Newt Gingrich, his congressional rabble-rousers and freelance partisanship. There was the arrival of Rush Limbaugh on talk radio and the then-mainstay cable shows like CNN’s Crossfire and syndicated fare such as The McLaughlin Group. Bush couldn’t fathom or stand any of it, said Meacham. He’d look at transcripts and shake his head. He was decorous and, increasingly, out of sync with the times and, now, all that Trump represents and practices. Investigating The Daily Beast The Daily Beast hammered Reed Cordish, a new Trump adviser, for involvement with a company accused of racially discriminatory practices. (Daily Beast) Now Dan Abrams’ Law Newz checks it out and says the tale is wildly inaccurate. “None of these cases resulted in a court finding that Reed Cordish or Cordish Companies engaged in racial discrimination, and statements claiming that they did have racist practices have come under significant doubt. So why run a story about it?” (Law Newz) Now comes an “Editor’s Note” atop the Daily Beast opus: “This story has been updated with a statement from the Trump transition team and clarified that Cordish himself was not sued and that two plaintiffs lost in summary judgment.” Annals of media self-absorption “Riding Metro to DC for the inauguration, the 7th I’ve been part of covering,” New York Times reporter Michael Shear tweets this morning. “Always an amazing moment in democracy.” Thanks for the transit update. More telling is his solid overview of the cabinet nomination hearings so far. (The New York Times) Prowling a party Last night’s pre-Inaugural festivities included the DeploraBall, a not-quite-alt-right inauguration party at the National Press Club. Didn’t make it? “Don’t feel bad: Neither could much of the media, though we certainly tried.” (BuzzFeed) “Of the more than 200 requests for press passes the organizers of the event received, they granted only 20.” Said one party planner, ““Otherwise, it would have been one reporter for every fifth person.” Financial get of the week “How Deutsche Bank made a $462 million loss disappear” (Bloomberg BusinessWeek) It’s a tale of a financial sleight of hand that goes ethically well beyond being ingenious. The morning babble With New York transplanted to Washington, Steve Doocy of Fox & Friends opened at 6 a.m. Eastern with his upbeat sense of history about the day’s events. Trump, he said, is “a real estate guy and a builder, and this is the most valuable real estate, figuratively and actually, in the whole wide world and that’s where he’s going to be living.” MSNBC’s Morning Joe opted for a bar, not the usual glass-encased outdoor set overlooking the Capitol. There, Joe Scarborough declared the need for calm and not pre-judging the guy since, he informed, there’s a disjoint between the rhetoric of the public Trump and the one who’s been on the phone with world leaders. Or so he claimed before turning into a lecturer and getting preachy on the need for the press to be “fair,” avoid “snarky tweets” and “tell the whole story.” Thanks. CNN exhibited a rather firm grasp of the obvious, with Salena Zito, a Washington Examiner reporter deemed an astute chronicler of Trump, underscoring the importance in Trump’s address of “tone” and “body language.” She noted, too, that Obama’s daughters had largely grown up in the White House. Yes, we know. Wayne Barrett Wayne Barrett was among a cadre of fabulous reporters who were the soul of The Village Voice during its alternative weekly heyday in New York City. Growing up there, I found intoxicating his frequent unveiling of a netherworld of double-dealing, corruption and hypocrisy. His were the stories behind the stories. His handiwork was alluring in no small measure because of its passion and exhaustive precision in dissecting the frequent complexity of deceit. Mayors, council members and, yes, a developer named Donald Trump were all unmasked by him. It was stuff you just didn’t find in the then more decorous Times. His files used for a Trump biography, and his collegiality, “made his Brooklyn home a mecca for investigative reporters during the recent presidential campaign.” (New York Times) He was really good. (The New Yorker) Barrett, 71, who passed away, was a mentor to many, including Glenn Thrush, a fine reporter most recently at Politico and now at The New York Times. He tweeted, “Wayne Barrett’s lessons: 1) F--k cynicism 2) If you aren’t angry, you aren’t paying attention 3) people want to confess their sins.” I found this lede of his: “Ed Koch and I were inaugurated on the same day in 1978. He became mayor and I became his weekly tormentor.” (Village Voice) Since I’ve got at least three soccer games to get to this weekend — one at 9:30 p.m. Saturday, another at 7 a.m. Sunday — I will make sure to check out the Barrett archive included in the Voice’s own obituary. (Village Voice) So might you. Corrections? Tips? Please email me: jwarren@poynter.org. Would you like to get this roundup emailed to you every morning? Sign up here. Share Email Facebook Twitter James Warren, Chief Media Writer, Poynter.orgJames Warren is Chief Media Writer at Poynter.org. Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK How Author Timothy Tyson Found the Woman at the Center of the Emmett Till CaseBY SHEILA WELLER 21 Inauguration Photos of the Great Trump Rally That Wasn’tBY TINA NGUYEN SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Samsung's upcoming assistant Bixby confirmed in new job listing 2 minutes ago Google's next Pixel will arrive with improved specs, possibly with a cheaper sibling 18 minutes ago Gears of War 4 introduces cross-play between Xbox One and Windows 10 PCs in Social Quickplay 34 minutes ago Google Docs and Sheets apps get updated with new features 50 minutes ago View all recent news Gears of War 4 introduces cross-play between Xbox One and Windows 10 PCs in Social Quickplay 38 minutes ago Here are the fixes, improvements, and known issues in Windows 10 for PCs build 15019 7 hours ago Windows 10 build 15019 now available for PCs in the Fast ring with gaming features and more 7 hours ago AT&T is no longer selling any new Lumia Windows phones 10 hours ago View all Microsoft news Google's next Pixel will arrive with improved specs, possibly with a cheaper sibling 18 minutes ago Google Docs and Sheets apps get updated with new features 50 minutes ago Tesla suing former Autopilot head for poaching engineers, stealing data 4 hours ago Google Chrome 56.0.2924.76 8 hours ago View all Google news Apple formally joins Partnership on AI 8 hours ago iOS 10.3 and macOS 10.12.4 Sierra are now available to Public Beta testers Jan 26, 2017 Apple takes its legal battle against Qualcomm to China, sues the company for a billion yuan Jan 26, 2017 watchOS 3.2 will add a Theater Mode so you can stop annoying people in movie theaters Jan 24, 2017 View all Apple news Google Chrome 56.0.2924.76 8 hours ago Malwarebytes AdwCleaner 6.043 9 hours ago Geek Uninstaller 1.4.3.107 9 hours ago Internet Download Manager 6.27 Build 3 10 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: Aukey's PB-Y3 30,000mAh power bank offers Quick Charge 3.0 and USB Type-C Jan 23, 2017 Belkin Boost Up 15W Wireless Fast Charging Pad review Jan 21, 2017 Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank Jan 15, 2017 Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks Jan 15, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Microsoft working on Cloud Shell, a 'lightweight Windows version for modern computing world' Jan 26, 2017 Samsung to repair S7 edge screens with pink line issue, but there's a catch Jan 26, 2017 Windows 10 build 14393.726 update now on Update Catalog, here are the fixes 16 hours ago Acer tells owners of its Windows 10 Mobile flagship they won't receive Anniversary Update 11 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get the Microsoft Universal Windows Platform Expert Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals 13 hours ago Get this Multi-Faceted Microsoft Office Professional Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 26, 2017 Get the Machine Learning with Python Course and E-Book Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 25, 2017 Get a lifetime license to Flux 6 for just $49.99 via Neowin Deals Jan 24, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Google announces shutdown of legacy versions of Drive, Docs, Sheets and Slides apps By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Jan 20, 2017 with 2 comments Google has announced that numerous older versions of some of its apps will be permanently shut down early next quarter. The affected apps are all part of the company's G Suite, formerly known as Google Apps for Work. The shutdown will come into effect on April 3, 2017, for all of the following apps on Android: Google Drive for Android (prior to version 2.4.311) Google Docs for Android (prior to version 1.6.292) Google Sheets for Android (prior to version 1.6.292) Google Slides for Android (prior to version 1.6.292) ...and on iOS: Google Drive for iOS (prior to version 4.16) Google Docs for iOS (prior to version 1.2016.12204) Google Sheets for iOS (prior to version 1.2016.12208) Google Slides for iOS (prior to version 1.2016.12203) This month, Google will begin to inform users of these older, soon-to-be-deprecated app versions that they must upgrade to the latest available versions soon to be able to continue using them. "After March 1," Google said, "some users with very old versions will be forced to upgrade when they receive the prompt." Source: Google Tags Google G suite Google apps for work Google drive Google docs Google sheets Google slides Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story The Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 is now available in the Canadian Microsoft Store Next Story Get the "Zentrepreneur" eBook (a $15 value) - free for a limited time Advertisement Community Activity Refresh Samsung's upcoming assistant Bixby confirmed in new job listing in Front Page News Seagate looking to introduce 14TB and 16TB drives over the next 18 months in Front Page News Disable Windows Defender / AntiMalware Executable? in Microsoft (Windows) Support Samsung to repair S7 edge screens with pink line issue, but there's a catch in Front Page News Google's next Pixel will arrive with improved specs, possibly with a cheaper sibling in Front Page News Here are the fixes, improvements, and known issues in Windows 10 for PCs build 15019 in Front Page News Gears of War 4 introduces cross-play between Xbox One and Windows 10 PCs in Social Quickplay in Front Page News Tesla suing former Autopilot head for poaching engineers, stealing data in Front Page News Trending Stories Microsoft working on Cloud Shell, a 'lightweight Windows version for modern computing world' Jan 26, 2017 with 25 comments Samsung to repair S7 edge screens with pink line issue, but there's a catch Jan 26, 2017 with 22 comments Windows 10 build 14393.726 update now on Update Catalog, here are the fixes 16 hours ago with 12 comments Acer tells owners of its Windows 10 Mobile flagship they won't receive Anniversary Update 11 hours ago with 35 comments Related Stories Google Docs and Sheets apps get updated with new features 55 minutes ago Google Drive adds annual billing options, but Microsoft offers a better deal for some users Dec 22, 2016 · Hot! Google App Maker is the newest member of the G Suite Nov 30, 2016 Google expands Google Cloud, rebrands Google Apps for Work as G Suite Sep 30, 2016 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Complete White Hat Hacking & Penetration Testing Bundle $888.00 $19.00 98% off Computer Hacker Professional Certification Package $1,499.00 $59.00 96% off Show Comments 2 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, January 27, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Bars All Refugees, and Citizens From 7 Muslim Nations By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and HELENE COOPER 9:27 PM ET President Trump signed an order suspending the entry of refugees into the United States for 120 days, and Syrians indefinitely. He also suspended immigration from seven Muslim nations, while ordering priority be given to visas for Christians from Muslim nations. Muslims Say Visa Ban Hurts Friends and Bolsters Rivals By DECLAN WALSH 9:07 PM ET President Trump’s freeze on refugee arrivals and visa requests from seven Muslim countries was seen as a sign that he sees Islam itself as the problem. In Iran, Confusion Over Visa Crackdown 8:26 PM ET Read the Executive Order Here 8:22 PM ET U.N. Envoy Warns Those Who ‘Don’t Have Our Back’ By SOMINI SENGUPTA 5:06 PM ET The new ambassador, Nikki R. Haley, put the United Nations on notice, saying, “You’re going to see a change in the way we do business.” More in Politics Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Mexican Leader Speaks to Trump Over the Phone 7:21 PM ET People gathered at the National Mall for the annual March for Life in Washington on Friday. Credit Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Abortion Foes March on Washington A week after women protested President Trump, this year’s March for Life was a peaceful act of defiance supporting him. Abortion Opponents See Their Long-Held Goals in Reach Women’s March Raises Stakes for Abortion Foes Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America By JACK HEALY Voters who cast ballots for Mr. Trump cheered as they saw a new conservative era in government taking shape, even if they were a little leery of him.  Comments Briefing: G.O.P. Split Ahead of Trump’s Call to Putin Why Trump’s Claim of Vote Fraud Is So Dubious By MICHAEL D. SHEAR The president offered praise for a man whose claims about illegal voting have been debunked time and again. Who Is Registered to Vote in 2 States? Some in Trump’s Inner Circle Trump Sought Crowd Photos From National Park Service By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and MAGGIE HABERMAN Mr. Trump asked the acting chief why the agency had retweeted an unflattering comparison of his inauguration crowd, and asked if he could produce photographic evidence of a larger turnout. Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans By CECILIA KANG The tech company had many close links to the Obama administration. Now it’s scrambling to forge ties with President Trump and a Republican-dominated Congress. The Economy Grew 1.6% Last Year. Can Trump Get It to 4%? By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ 8:47 PM ET The economic expansion of only 1.6 percent in 2016 could bolster the case for infrastructure spending but complicate the president’s plans. Economic View Trump Can Sway Factories. For Now. By JUSTIN WOLFERS Though the president’s pressure on companies to stay in the U.S. may seem to be working, it is an illusion and might hinder manufacturing.  Comments How a Civilian Prosecution Gave the U.S. a Key Informant By ADAM GOLDMAN and BENJAMIN WEISER A Somali who pleaded guilty to supporting terrorists was not tried before a military commission. Still, he became one of the nation’s most important informants. An Audacious Plan for Rising Seas: Floating Islands By MIKE IVES A costly plan to build floating islands shows how climate change is pushing the search for innovative solutions, but some critics ask who will ultimately benefit. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Friday Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 9:48 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. California Today: What Might Happen if Obamacare Is Repealed By MIKE McPHATE Friday: Bracing for an end to Obamacare, more good news on the drought, and welcoming the Year of the Rooster. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Checkup The Banned Books Your Child Should Read By PERRI KLASS, M.D. Books that have been challenged or banned offer parents an opportunity to talk about difficult topics.  Comments Eat Why Clam-Chowder Pizza Is the Best Kind By SAM SIFTON The only thing better than a classic is two.  Comments Love and Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street A discarded photo album reveals a rich history of black lives, from the segregated South to Harlem dance halls. By ANNIE CORREAL  Comments Save this story to read later on any device. Save Nonfiction ‘The Blood of Emmett Till’: Unearthing New Evidence By JASON PARHAM In Timothy B. Tyson’s meticulous retelling, he interviews the woman whose allegations led to Till’s lynching in1955. She admits she lied in court. Australian Open Finals Primer on 2 Famous Matchups By VICTOR MATHER 6:41 PM ET The Australian Open finals begin at 3:30 a.m. Eastern. The women’s match is Saturday; the men’s final is Sunday. Here’s everything you need to know. Venus Williams the Underdog in Grand Sibling Rivalry 6:12 PM ET Federer and Nadal Breathe New Life Into Old Classic 8:35 PM ET In the Fine Print of New York’s Budget, a Flurry of Fees By JESSE McKINLEY There are a number of proposals for new fees and other changes in tax law buried amid the thousands of pages in the new budget documents. 10 Things to Do Now in NYC More News Public Editor Mailbag: Measuring Crowds, Maligning a Region A New Opening, but Obstacles Remain for Keystone Pipeline Gambia’s New President Finally Comes Home California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. Hugs and Hard Labor on an Indiana Farm With sturdy threads of work and affection, my grandmother was weaving the torn world back together for me. Big Air Is Not All About the Latest Trick Ahead of this week’s X Games and next year’s Olympics, successful quadruple flips in snowboarding have revived discussions about spinning to win versus riding with style. Couture in the Shadow of the Women’s March What does female empowerment look like in a discipline defined by fantasy and tradition? The Opinion Pages An Un-American Refugee Policy By DAVID MILIBAND 6:50 PM ET Freezing the resettlement program undermines U.S. moral leadership and national security.  Comments Trump’s Immigration Ban Is Illegal By DAVID J. BIER 8:01 PM ET Congress long ago outlawed discrimination based on national origin. Brooks: Politics of Cowardice Cohen: The Closing of America Krugman: Making the Rust Belt Rustier Is Donald Trump ‘Mr. Brexit’? By JONATHAN COE 5:52 PM ET What America has in common with Theresa May’s Britain. Who’s Afraid of Nonviolence? By MICHAEL CHABON and AYELET WALDMAN 4:54 PM ET In Israel, “We don’t do Gandhi very well.“ Editorial: Mr. Trump’s ‘Gag Rule’ Will Harm Global Health Rattner: An Extremist Holding the Purse Strings The Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Egan: Park Rangers as Heroes User Subscriptions Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Times Insider » Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Your Reading List Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Here are some suggestions to get started. Go to your reading list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Seeking a Fresh Start Without Limitations Job loss left a family struggling to pay expenses and turning to public assistance while searching for the right educational environment for a child entering kindergarten. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Family Why Girls Don’t Think They Are Smart Enough Opinion Does a Protest’s Size Matter? Movies In ‘The Salesman,’ a Marriage in Tehran Book Review How Mormon Women Embraced Polygamy Opinion The Intellectual Life of Violence Design & Interiors Swedish Prints That Are Relevant as Ever Today Theater From the Stage, Warnings About Complacency Opinion One Syrian Family’s Journey to America Style The Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Style Confronting Race, Religion and Her Heart Opinion Egypt’s Rickety Dictatorship Books Critic’s Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a Must-Read Sections World » News Analysis: Fears That Trump’s Visa Ban Betrays Friends and Bolsters Enemies Trump and Mexican President Speak by Phone Amid Dispute Over Wall As Climate Change Accelerates, Floating Cities Look Like Less of a Pipe Dream Business Day » Ex-Volkswagen Chief Investigated by Germany in Emissions Cheating Scandal Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Energy Companies Lead US Stock Indexes Mostly Lower Opinion » Opinion: Donald Trump, the Religious Right’s Trojan Horse Editorial: Donald Trump’s Mexico Tantrum David Brooks: The Politics of Cowardice U.S. » A City Built on Refugees Looks at Trump’s Plan With Fear Trump Backers Like His First Draft of a New America Trump’s Hiring Freeze Creates Confusion for Veterans Affairs Technology » Google, in Post-Obama Era, Aggressively Woos Republicans Alphabet’s Profits Stay Predictably Good in a Volatile Industry Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note Arts » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Critic's Notebook: New York City Ballet’s Very 21st-Century Steps Philip Glass Celebrates His 80th Birthday With an 11th Symphony Politics » Trump Bars Syrian Refugees Indefinitely to Keep Terrorists Out Trump’s First Week: Misfires, Crossed Wires and a Satisfied Smile In Private, Republican Lawmakers Agonize Over Health Law Repeal Fashion & Style » Encounters: Even the Teen Vogue Writer Who Took On Trump Gets Stage Fright The Complete Guide to New York Fashion Week: Men’s Styles Q. and A.: Cat Marnell, a Former Beauty Editor, on Her New Addiction Memoir Movies » No Escaping Politics at the Progressive Sundance Film Festival Review: Matthew McConaughey Mines Profane Capitalism in ‘Gold’ Review: In ‘The Salesman,’ Scenes From a Marriage in Tehran New York » Family DNA Searches Seen as Crime-Solving Tool, and Intrusion on Rights Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street 2 Charged in Ponzi Scheme Built Around ‘Hamilton’ Tickets Sports » Grand Sibling Rivalry Leaves Venus Williams a Distinct Underdog 8 Grand Slam Finals That Pitted Rafael Nadal Against Roger Federer Pegasus World Cup Features California Chrome and a Horseless Pizza King Theater » ‘Hamilton’ Is Coming to the Super Bowl Review: Hungarians Bare Their Dark Side in ‘Our Secrets’ Review: A Revival of ‘The Liar’ Plays Alternative Facts for Laughs Science » Hydrogen Squeezed Into a Metal, Possibly Solid, Harvard Physicists Say A Genetic Fix to Put the Taste Back in Tomatoes New Prospects for Growing Human Replacement Organs in Animals Obituaries » Arthur Rosenfeld, Zealous Champion of Energy Efficiency, Dies at 90 J.S.G. Boggs, Artist, Dies at 62; He Made Money. Literally. Chuck Stewart, Jazz Photographer, Dies at 89; You’ve Seen His Album Covers Television » ‘Making It on My Own,’ With Mary Tyler Moore as a Guide Mary Tyler Moore, Who Incarnated the Modern Woman on TV, Dies at 80 Review: ‘Z,’ Hardly the Last Word on the Fitzgeralds Health » Trump’s Pick for Health Secretary Under Scrutiny for Investments The New Old Age: Nursing Home Residents Gain New Protections Travelers With Nut Allergies Clash With Airlines Travel » Shanghai Dwellings Vanish, and With Them, a Way of Life 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Santiago, Chile Footsteps: The London of London’s Mayor Books » Fiction: Monica Ali on Rachel Cusk’s Risky, Revolutionary New Novel Critic's Notebook: Why ‘1984’ Is a 2017 Must-Read Nonfiction: Emmett Till’s Murder: What Really Happened That Day in the Store? Education » Canada Beckons International Students With a Path to Citizenship A District Divided: Harlem Schools Are Left to Fail as Those Not Far Away Thrive When Campus Rapists Are Repeat Offenders Food » City Kitchen: Sun-Kissed Citrus Salad for the Dead of Winter Hungry City: Filipino Food With Subtlety, and a Splash of 7Up, at F.O.B. U.S. Team Wins Bocuse d’Or Competition for First Time Sunday Review » Frank Bruni: The President Who Buried Humility Editorial: The Republican Health Care Con Ross Douthat: The Tempting of the Media Real Estate » 360 View: Harry Macklowe on New York Real Estate Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years Shopping Guide: Shopping for Folding Chairs The Upshot » Economic View: Pressure From Trump May Delay a Factory’s Exit, but It Won’t Stop It Tax Policy: How to Interpret the Trump Administration’s Latest Signals on Mexico The 2016 Race: Illegal Voting Claims, and Why They Don’t Hold Up Magazine » Feature: ‘The Only Way We Can Fight Back Is to Excel’ Feature: Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy? Feature: John Edgar Wideman Against the World Automobiles » Your Money: How to Buy a Used Car in an Age of Widespread Recalls Driven: Video Review: The 2017 Honda CR-V Stays True to Its Mainstream Roots Common Sense: Elon Musk Has Trump’s Ear, and Wall Street Takes Note T Magazine » Couture Shows: Maison Margiela and Valentino My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Cass Bird What Does ‘Couture’ Actually Mean? Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! Talk to The Times: Will Mexico End Up Paying for the Border Wall? Insider Podcasts: Changing Times: The Newsroom’s Strategy for the Future Real Estate » Advocates of Fair Housing Brace for a Tough Four Years By ZOE GREENBERG Housing rights groups fear their agenda may suffer under a president who was sued for housing discrimination in the 1970s. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: Nintendo Switch Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 Google Pixel iPhone 8 Home / News / Fitness News / Android Wear 2.0 Guide: Release date, supported watches, new features, and how to download Android Wear 2.0 Guide: Release date, supported watches, new features, and how to download by Sean Keach 25 January 2017 0 shares Read Comments Everything you need to know about Android Wear 2.0: Android Wear 2.0 release date, watches, features, how to download Android Wear 2.0, and much more. (Update: 25 January 2017): Google has sent the fifth and final Android Wear 2.0 Developer Preview live, confirming an "early February" public launch for the software. Read on to find out more. Google announced Android Wear 2.0 at last year’s Google I/O. The software is currently in Developer Preview, but its general release is fast approaching. The new wearable OS introduces plenty of cool new features, including standalone apps, support for third-party complications, and many welcome design tweaks. Read on for the full lowdown on the next version Android Wear. Related: Android Wear review Android Wear 2.0 release date – When can you get it? Google is keeping mum about the release date for now, so we’re short on official details. That said, generally reliable leaker Evan Blass reckons the software will go live to the public on February 9, 2017. At that point, we’re also expecting to see Google unveil two new smartwatches that will debut with Android Wear 2.0 on board. Unfortunately, the only official word we've had from Google is talk of an "early February" consumer launch for Android Wear 2.0, so stay tuned. Related: Best smartwatches Android Wear 2.0 features – What’s new? There are loads of new features coming in Android Wear 2.0, so here are some of the most important changes. Complications: One of the biggest arrivals in Android Wear 2.0 is the addition of complications, a feature already available on the Apple Watch 2. In traditional watch-making circles, a complication is any feature on a watch face that provides information beyond hours and minutes. The term is used in exactly the same way on smartwatches, which is why it’s exciting that Android Wear adds support for third-party complications. Once Android Wear 2.0 lands, developers will be able to start peddling watch faces that feed off data from companies like Fitbit or Spotify, allowing fitness or music data to be integrated directly into your watch face. Notifications: Google is also overhauling the way notifications work. Currently, they occupy the whole screen, which can be a little overwhelming. But with Android Wear 2.0, you’ll now receive small icons that can be tapped to open an expanded notification. Related: Best Android Wear watch faces Material Design: Another welcome change is the evolution of Material Design for Android Wear 2.0. This includes the addition of two interactive drawers. The first is the Navigation Drawer, which lets users switch between views of their apps, like on an Android phone. The second is the Action Drawer, which provides easy access to common actions within an app. It peeks out when you reach the top or bottom of scrolling content, and should make it easier to get things done. Standalone apps: At long last, Google is making it so that Android Wear apps can work independently of phone apps. That means an app will still be able to function fully even if your phone is nowhere near you. A big advantage of this is that file sizes on your phone may decrease, as currently Android Wear apps are having to be embedded in their corresponding phone apps. This also means you’ll be getting a standalone Android Wear Play Store. Input: There are three big changes to input. The first is that you’ll be getting a small keyboard that works with swiping, just like on Android proper. You’ll be able to utilise smart replies, too, an existing Android feature that suggests three possible responses to a message. Finally, Google will allow developers to create their own third-party keyboards for you to use. Health: Google is introducing automatic activity recognition, which is already a feature on rival devices like the Withings Activité. This means that if you start walking, running, or cycling, Android Wear will launch a relevant tracker app to make sure you activity doesn’t get missed. Related: Best Android Wear apps Android Wear 2.0 Watches – What devices can you get it on? The bad news is that not all smartwatches will be eligible for the upgrade. For instance, the now aged LG G Watch (the original version) and Motorola’s first-gen Moto 360 won’t be getting the new software version. That’s not particularly different from Android proper (or iOS, for that matter), whereby older smartphones miss out on newer OS upgrades. It’s also not clear whether some watches will be upgraded; for instance, Samsung has stayed quite about whether or not the Samsung Gear Live is destined for Android Wear 2.0. Here’s a round-up of smartwatches confirmed to be getting the upgrade, ordered alphabetically by brand: Asus: Asus ZenWatch, Asus ZenWatch 2 Casio: Casio WSD F10 Fossil: Fossil Q Founder, Fossil Q Wander, Fossil Q Marshal Huawei: Huawei Watch, Huawei Watch Ladies LG: LG G Watch R, LG G Watch Urbane (1st gen), LG G Watch Urbane (2nd gen) Michael Kors: Access Bradshaw Smartwatch Motorola: Moto 360 2, Moto 360 Sport Nixon: Nixon Mission Polar: Polar M600 Sony: Sony Smartwatch 3 Of course, more smartwatches will be added to this list over time, so check back here for the latest details. Android Wear 2.0 Developer Preview – How to download it If you’re desperate to get your hands on the Android Wear 2.0 Developer Preview before the software’s general release, here’s Google's handy guide on how to do it: Download Android Wear 2.0 Developer Preview However, don’t forget that the Developer Preview is currently only available on two different devices, the LG Watch Urbane 2nd Edition and the Huawei Watch. Plus, as it's pre-release software, you can expect a fair few bugs and glitches. Related: Best fitness trackers 2017 Watch: Wearables buying guide What would you like to change about Android Wear? Let us know in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Google placed its own ads first, study claims 20 January 2017 From the section Technology Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-38690812 Read more about sharing. Close share panel Image copyright Google Image caption In the study, all 1,000 search results pages for the term 'laptop' were led by links to Chromebook, a Google product. Adverts for Google products occupied 91% of the top ad slots on the firm's search results pages, in a study done for the Wall Street Journal. Advertising data firm Semrush analysed 25,000 pages for the study. It looked at 1,000 results for 25 search terms including laptop, watches, speakers and smoke detectors on Google. Products sold by Google's parent firm Alphabet dominated the top of the results. Google said it had strict rules for buying its advertising space. A spokesman said that the firm's marketing policies were "consciously and carefully designed" so as not to intervene with ad pricing. "All our bids are excluded from the auction when determining the price paid by other advertisers and we have strict rules and processes - set to tougher levels than our customers - to govern the use of our own ads products," he said. The Wall Street Journal reported that in all 1,000 searches for the term "laptop" in the study, the top result was for Google's Chromebook. Additionally 98% of searches for "watches" resulted in links to Android smartwatch retailers appearing on top. Android and Chromebook are both owned by Alphabet. It also noted that alarm products by another Alphabet firm, Nest, featured highly in searches for smoke detectors. The paper added that after sharing the results with Google many of the ads disappeared - and a BBC test found that other brands including Apple, Lenovo and Apollo now appear to dominate the top of results pages for these terms. In July 2016 the European Commission alleged that Google had abused its dominance in internet shopping and restricted competition - which the firm denied. 'Algorithmic world' "We think when we look at the screen that Google is placing its ads above others but advertising doesn't work in that way," said Daniel Knapp, senior analyst at IHS. "It may be that Google is willing to pay more than others or that it has better targeting data for identifying users. The method of the [Wall Street Journal] experiment may also be flawed." The advertising auctions are automated and run by algorithms, he added. "We live in an algorithmic world. How are these algorithms making decisions on our behalf and how is that distorting markets and society in general?" he said. "This is an example of a much bigger underlying issue." Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story Cookie banner frustration to be tackled by EU 11 January 2017 Boy racks up 100,000 euro bill advertising his brass band 6 October 2016 Blocked Facebook ads unblocked, for now 12 August 2016 Google tests ads that load faster and use less power 20 July 2016 Google hit by fresh European Union anti-trust charges 14 July 2016 Top Stories Veteran actor Sir John Hurt dies at 77 Award-winning Elephant Man and Harry Potter actor Sir John Hurt has died, his agent says. 28 January 2017 May meets Trump: Three key things 27 January 2017 May set for trade talks on Turkey visit 28 January 2017 Features Born into a cult Surviving the London sect that locked me away for 30 years Spinster act The 'opera groupies' who hoodwinked the Nazis Quiz of the week's news A weekly quiz of the news, 7 days 7 questions. Bomber jackets and BBQs The gifts US and UK leaders have swapped Royal recognition What's the secret behind Ant & Dec's success? Video Parris and polyswag The newest hip hop dance queen Video Weird workplaces Why storage warehouses are turning into offices News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
TechWhack Review Best Sites Here Top Free Music download Apps For Android January 26, 2017 By Harsh 92 Comments Top Free Music download Apps For Android 3.47/5 32 votes Welcome to all of you with a thirst for great music and quality music apps for your phone. If you feel that the apps on your phone are not delivering the music that you need, it’s time to get some new apps for free music download. At present, there are more music apps out there than any one phone can hold. With literally thousands of apps to sift through, where does one start? Thankfully, here at TechWhack we have done all the winnowing of the heaps of apps for you. With the featured apps on this post, you can avoid the long and complicated processes on your search, as well as the expenses for an average music download app. In this post today, I have done a little bit more than just lay out for you the best apps for free music downloads. I have included a review of each and every app. Feel free to browse through this cornucopia of information on free music apps, which will serve you up some great music within minutes without you having to dip into your bank. By sticking with these apps, your long attempts of searching for great music apps will become a thing of the past. Furthermore, I have included a top 10 table of my own personal apps for free music downloads for you to explore. Finally, beyond the review of each of the top 10 apps, I have also included a list and short review of many other good apps for free music download. So, enough of introductions and let’s get started … The Best Music Downloader Apps For Free Music Download: Top 10 Table APP NAME OVERALL RATING (On Google Play) Music Downloader APP ICON 4Shared 4.3 / 5 Spotify Music 4.5 / 5 Google Play Music 3.9 / 5 YouTube Music 4.4 / 5 Napster 3.9 / 5 RockMyRun 4.3 / 5 Gaana 4.2 / 5 SoundCloud 4.4 / 5 Saavn Music & Radio 4.2 / 5 MP3 Music Downloader 4 / 5 An Analysis and Review of Each Individual Top 10 App 4Shared Claiming the illustrious no.1 spot on the list is the 4Shared app. At the moment, according to Google Play online, this app has been downloaded over 4.5 million times. It goes without saying that this is an impressive number. Furthermore, with so many downloads and such a high rating, it is safe to say that this app is nothing short of great. To explain, 4Shared is basically a huge database in which everything, all files, are shared by its users. It may not be specifically designed for free music, but it certainly has large amounts of free music for you to download. Along with millions of music files, you can also share and download video files, images, and whatever other media which the app supports. Ultimately, 4Shared has thousands of media files in its grasp, a lot of which are great, free music files. 4shared is one of the best free music download apps for android. 4shared provides a nice user experience. I love this app and would recommend to all. Moreover, it is completely ads free music download app for android. 4 SHARED 4shared is a very fast app. Rated 4.3 stars. Got 5 million downloads worldwide making it one of the best free music download apps for android. Keep on updating and last updated on June 14, 2016. Moreover, It’s size varies with the device because it has a full optimized theme. In conclusion, It is good for free mp3 music download. Also read: Watch free movies online Spotify Music Perhaps the most popular music-related programme in the world, Spotify has its own app form. Everyone has at least heard of Spotify, and millions of people across the globe use it as their go-to software for free music. The best part is, although it is technically a radio-streaming programme, you have complete control over what you want to listen to, unlike actual radio. spotify I personally use Spotify myself, and the reason is due to not just its huge wealth of great music, but because it is also legal and it contributes somewhat financially to the actual music artists. All things considered, this popular radio-streaming giant offers an incredible amount of free music. There are intermittent ads, but this doesn’t detract from Spotify’s quality and wealth of free, great music. Google Play Music This app, designed by Google, is essentially a free radio service. With Google Play Music you are given unrestricted (and legal) access to a whole bunch of free, great music. One of the best things about this app is that you can search for music depending on a certain mood. You can furthermore browse by genre or artist. Ultimately, the app is an easily straight-forward service which delivers some great music. It currently has around 2.5 million downloads recorded by the Google Play website, and a great overall rating of 3.9 out of 5. With this quality free app, you have nothing to lose but free great music by trying it out. So, guys since it was developed by google, it is one of the best free music apps for android. It has the latest technology. It completely ads free app. You can download this app from play store. It is a free music download apps for android which is fully bugfree, causes 0 no error. Works with google cloud hosting technology mean you can download music very fast. PLAY MUSIC It is one of the best free music apps for android. It has been downloaded billions of times. Access youtube red with it but for its all features you need to take a paid plan. Has been rated 4.0 stars. Last updated on 8 June, 2016. You can even use its podcast feature. It seems like it has compatible with all the versions. YouTube Music We all know YouTube. This app, however, is a tiny bit different to the great website. With this app, you get “A YouTube built just for music”. Basically, this form of YouTube cuts out the non-music videos, leaving you with only the music. There are ads just like the actual website, but it’s worth the short ads to use this great app. With this app you can also create personalised stations which will adapt to your likes over time. In addition to all this, you can receive a full month of YouTube Red for free. This upgrade cuts out the adds and allows you to work offline. At present, YouTube Music has been downloaded around a quarter of a million times and holds a near-perfect overall rating of 4.4 out of 5. YouTube Music With this app you can also create personalised stations which will adapt to your likes over time. In addition to all this, you can receive a full month of YouTube Red for free. This upgrade cuts out the adds and allows you to work offline. At present, YouTube Music has been downloaded around a quarter of a million times and holds a near-perfect overall rating of 4.4 out of 5. Napster There was once a time when Napster was king of free music downloads. Although those days are gone, Napster has made a bit of a comeback. You can now download the Napster app for your phone and receive its free, great music, just like it once provided. Unlike most music-related apps and players, Napster has no irritating ads. Furthermore, you can listen to your music offline. Basically, with Napster, you can listen to your favourite playlist when travelling to work, without being interrupted by ads. Finally, the Napster app at the moment has been downloaded around 70,000 times. All things considered, although Napster is back in a new way, it still greatly delivers like its old ways. Napster Music Basically, with Napster, you can listen to your favourite playlist when travelling to work, without being interrupted by ads. Finally, the Napster app at the moment has been downloaded around 70,000 times. All things considered, although Napster is back in a new way, it still greatly delivers like its old ways. Rock My Run Are you perhaps interested in fitness? Does your week consist of regular workouts? If so, Rock My Run has been specifically designed for you. This app is manufactured for those who love to listen to music during workouts. Some of the best features about this app is that you can create some unique playlists. For example, you can make playlists which are moulded around a certain tempo or mood. If you wanted to create a fast playlist for running, for example, or an inspiring playlist for hill climbing, Rock My Run is the app for you. All in all, this app will certainly motivate you in the gym or in the great outdoors. ROckmyrun is an amazing free music app for fitness training app. You can hear your favourite music while running, jogging or exercising. You can hear some popular DJ’s with perfect beats for training. It will increase your confidence and enthusiasm and will motivate you to keep going. You just need to choose your favourite genre and then it will stream body driven music. I would really prefer his app as I am personally a sportsperson. ROCK MY RUN Has been rated 4.3 stars which is amazing. Got 1 million+ downloads. Size is quite big. Finally, it’s size is 32 MB. It seems like it requires android version 4.0 or up. Furthermore, it even consumes fewer data. In conclusion, it is one of the best free music apps for android. Gaana This app is one of the most popular music apps for Hindi, Bollywood, Punjabi and other similar types of music. Most popular in India, Gaana also offers free streaming service for popular songs in English, Tamil, Telugu, Marathi, Kannada, and Malayalam. You can also browse through the charts and select your favourite tracks to listen to or place in your own personalised playlist. There are heaps of playlists on offer, ranging from collections of sad ballads to weekend party hits. Gaana: Music & Radio Ultimately, Gaana brings the best of India to your mobile phone, whilst also delivering some popular hits from the likes of David Guetta, Bruno Mars, and more. There are a recorded 10 million music tracks to choose from, as well as thousands of playlists. At present, Gaana has been downloaded more than 800,000 times according to Google Play. SoundCloud SoundCloud is a unique music programme used by millions of people and musicians for self-production. In other words, with SoundCloud, musicians everywhere are using this free platform to upload their music. Musicians everywhere are joining this free programme, and listeners everywhere likewise are tuning in to hear what common everyday people are producing. Once a music file is uploaded to SoundCloud, people from all over the world can tune in and listen to it for free. With SoundCloud, you can be either a listener or a giver of music, or both. Soundcloud is great music downloader free app. A lot of features. The enormous database of mp3 songs. Download your favourite music tracks or songs quickly from this app. Connect and share with your friend. Entirely ads free. Finally, you can download this Android app from the below link. It is an editor’s choice music downloader free app for Android. Furthermore, it has been downloaded billions of times. SOUND cloud Since it has been rated four stars, it is an amazing free mp3 download app for android. It seems like it requires Android 4.0 or up. It was last updated in June 2016. Furthermore, this free mp3 music downloader app was developed in Germany by SoundCloud. Finally, it is a fantastic music downloader free app for Android. I personally have many friends who record and upload their own music onto SoundCloud. The benefits of using SoundCloud is the fact that you can listen to undiscovered talent which the radio cannot deliver. You can listen to friends or upcoming breakthrough artists, before the music companies slap a copyright on the tracks. Of course, you won’t find top 50 artists through SoundCloud. This is why it doesn’t rank as highly on my list. Nonetheless, there is great music out there besides the popstars on the radio. Why not give it a try and perhaps you will find a local musician whose music you could love. Saavn Music & Radio Another Hindi-related app for free music downloads, Saavn is in contention for the best app for Bollywood music. Personally, I believe Gaana is a bit better, but Saavn nonetheless shouldn’t be ignored. Saavn gives pretty much everything that Gaana does, but there are some differences between the two apps. For example, with Saavn, you can also enjoy podcasts and audio programmes. By following your favourite artists, you will be notified when/if there are any updates. Saavn Music & Radio In addition, with Saavn you can listen to your favourite songs offline. Playlists are also in your control to create and then modify. Like Gaana, you still get the array of different music, from English to Bollywood, Hindi to Tamil. Saavn Music & Radio is proving to be quite popular, with around 750,000 downloads recorded on the Google Play site. MP3 Music Download An app as simple and effective as its title suggests, MP3 Music Downloader may not be as popular as the rest of these apps for free music downloads, but it certainly contends well. With this app, you have unlimited access to a bunch of music files, as well as unlimited music downloads. It’s all very simple with this app. Just search for the song, artist or genre you have in mind, let the app work its magic, and then begin your download. Mp3 Music Download You can alternatively just stream the track if you prefer. Ultimately, this app is one of the most basic music-related apps out there on the market. It has been downloaded only 8,356 times at present, but around 50% of users have rated the app a full 5 stars out of 5. Other Great Free Music Download Apps That Almost Made the Cut Shazam I wrestled with myself for quite some time on where to put Shazam on this list. This app fully deserves a top 10 place, and 2 million people on Google Play would probably agree with that. At the present moment, Shazam has been downloaded almost 3 million times. Of these downloaders, around two-thirds of them have given Shazam the full 5 out of 5 rating. Another half a million have given the app a 4 star rating. Shazam has an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play. Besides these highly impressive statistics, what does Shazam have to say about itself? Apparently, top singers and celebrities like Adele and Demi Lovato are using the app for their own free music downloads. Some of the top features include: access to lyrics, identify music offline, add songs onto Spotify playlists from Shazam, and more. Shazam also uses amazing visual recognition scanning. This means if you see an album cover or poster, for example, which you want to know more about, use Shazam to scan it and the app will collect information about the music artist in question. There are many other little features which make Shazam a great free app to have. I highly recommend giving it a try, despite the fact that it has just slipped outside the top 10. Apple Music From the mega power of Apple Music comes this useful app. There are approximately 30 million Apple tracks available to listen to through this app. However, I must declare early that this app is not completely free. On the other hand, if you subscribe you can use it for free for 3 months. The fact that Apple Music is not free has dropped it out of my personal top 10 apps for free music downloads. If it weren’t for this hick-up, however, Apple Music would have a fair shot at one of the highest positions on the top 10. There are thousands of playlists to go along with the huge library of 30 million Apple songs. You can create your own library of your favourite songs. Apple Music also offers regular recommendations depending on what you listen to. There are also radio stations and other audio programmes to delve within. Basically, if you don’t want to spend a penny, you can only have this app for a limited time. The Apple Music app currently holds an overall rating of 3.4 out of 5 on Google Play. Vevo In recent years, the Vevo corporation have placed their stamp on many of the biggest, most viewed music videos. Vevo is the result of the partnership between two of the giants of music distrubution: Sony Music Entertainment and Universal Music Group. From this we now have Vevo, the now-popular music video hosting service. So, what can their app do for you? This app as you may have already figured is focused solely on music videos. Due to the fact that this app deals with videos only, and not specifically free music download, it has thus crept out of the top 10 spot. With Vevo, you can watch your favourite music videos in HD and create playlists of the videos you like most. You can also favourite artists, and when a new music video is released by your favourited artist you will be notified. However, Vevo is only available in a select number of countries. The Vevo app is available in the following countries: Canada, USA, Brazil, Australia, Italy, Ireland, France, Germany, The Netherlands, UK, Spain, Mexico, Poland, and New Zealand. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.2 out of 5 on Google Play. TuneIn Radio One of the most popular radio apps, TuneIn Radio offers an impressive 10,000 different radio stations for free. As a radio station app, it has thus fallen out of my top 10 apps for free music downloads. In addition to all this great music, you can also tune into the news, sports and weather broadcasts, as well as other radio programmes. With TuneIn Radio you can keep track of college basketball, the NFL, NBA, and the NHL. All of the radio is delivered live from the very sources. Therefore, you won’t be in complete control over what music artist or song you want to listen to. Nonetheless, you can choose a specific radio station out the thousands of quality stations on offer. Basically, TuneIn Radio sources thousands of top quality radio stations into one single app. There is an abundance of stations to choose from. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play. Tidal This app combines high quality definition, high definition music videos, as well as valued information from music journalists. There are huge amounts of music on offer with Tidal. The app claims to offer over 40 million tracks, as well as more than 130,000 high definition music videos. As for the contributing journalists, you can try out the carefully selected playlists chosen by these musical experts. You can also read the well-crafted articles, recommendations and interviews provided by these music journalists. In addition to all this, there are no ads nor any ‘fuzzy images’. There is also an offline mode, which allows you to listen to your albums and playlists when you are out and about. The Tidal app currently holds an overall rating of 3.6 out of 5 on Google Play based on 38,653 votes. Heart Radio Again another radio app, Heart radio is a popular radio station situated in the UK. The app is plain and simple. This app is the official app of Heart Radio and thus brings the station to your device. With the app, you can also see what songs are playing next, re-listen to songs from the past week, view the top trending videos, get celebrity news, and more. Of course, this app isn’t exactly an app for free music downloads, hence why I haven’t included it in my top 10. It is, however, a good radio station nonetheless. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on Google Play. Qello Concerts This app is quite unique. With Qello Converts, you can stream classic concerts and documentaries. This app is essentially a treasure chest full of old great live concerts which you can replay at any time. Some of the things which this app also provides are: One of more free tracks from each concert, more than 30 channels of continuous concert moments, and special free full-length shows. It may not be an app for free music downloads, but is is however an app for free music concert downloads. In addition, there are a whole bunch of award-winning music documentaries to feast your eyes and ears on. Qello Concerts currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on Google Play based on 23,233 user votes. Pandora Radio Unlike most radio apps, Pandora gives you complete control over what you want to listen to. With Pandora music, you can create individual stations or playlists for your favourite artists. Most Pandora apps allow you to store up to 100 different artist playlists. Once you have an artist playlist, you will be given anything by that artist on demand. Like I said, Pandora lets you create your own unique radio channels. Personally, I am a huge fan of Pandora, and it almost made its way into my top 10 favourite apps for free music downloads. You can upgrade to Pandora Plus, which will cut the ads, allow replays and skips, and offline playing. The Pandora Radio app currently holds an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play based on an impressive number of 2,651,882 user votes. I highly recommend this app, despite the fact I haven’t included it in my top 10. SongFlip The SongFlip app claims to offer its users the ability to stream millions of free songs online. I am unsure if there is actually millions on offer from SongFlip, but it does nonetheless offer a lot. The SongFlip app is one of the most basic apps for free music downloads. Simply search for your song or artist and begin streaming for free. There is a high chance that SongFlip has the exact song or artist that you have in mind. After all, it does claim to have millions of tracks to give. The SongFlip app currently holds an overall rating of 4.5 out of 5 on Google Play. Radio Player by Audials This app, yet another radio app, offers over 80,000 different radio stations across the USA. Simply search for an artist, a genre, song or album, and Audials will do its best to retrieve a station best suited to your search. In addition, you can record songs playing on any radio. In other words, if you hear a song which you happen to like but you don’t know the name of, you can choose to record the song right there and then. You can also connect your device to another computer belonging to you, thus allowing you to sync the selected music onto your home PC or laptop. The Radio Player by Audials app currently holds an overall rating of 4.4 out of 5 on Google Play based on 19,49 user votes. Radio Online – PCRADIO You’ve probably assumed by now that there are thousands of radio-related music apps. That assertion would be correct. However, Radio Online – PCRADIO is one of the best free radio apps out there, and the following is why. This app offers hundreds of free radio stations, which is not as many as the thousands offered by the above Radio Player by Audials, or, TuneIn Radio, for example. Nonetheless, Radio Online PCRADIO does have its own perks. With this app, you can use it even if you do have the lowest of internet speeds. Also, all the radio channels are categorised by artist and genre, making your searches easy. Furthermore, Radio Online PCRADIO also offers full discographies on several artists. The Radio Online PCRADIO app currently holds an overall rating of 4.7 out of 5 on Google Play based on 645,547 user votes. Other Great Music Downloader Apps For Free Music Downloads, and Apps Similar To Music Streaming The following apps are other apps for free music downloads. In addition there are some apps which are not quite designed to download free music. Some play music like many of the aforementioned apps and some are more unique in what they offer. SoundHound Picture yourself listening to a song, you don’t know who it’s by, and you have no way of finding out the artist. Well, these days we have SoundHound to do that for us. SoundHound can recognise voice clips, which will then generate heaps of results. You can save all your searches and import your findings into your Spotify account. The app comes with an embedded YouTube player so you can watch the music video of the found song (if there is one). You can also view the lyrics to the found song, or, if you wish, SoundHound will direct you to where you can purchase the track. There is also an abundance of information on numerous music artists to browse through. All this sounds great, but there is one snag. One version of SoundHound on the Google Play website is unfortunately not free ($3.99). On the other hand, there is another SoundHound app which is practically the exact same which is free. At the moment, I am trying to differentiate between the two apps and figure out if there is any difference. However, I can’t see any major differences, or a single difference at all. In short, search for the free version of SoundHound. This app currently holds an overall rating of 4.3 out of 5 on the Google Play website based on 623,731 user votes. Deezer – Songs & Music Player Deezer does everything that a good music app should do. One of the best features used on this app is called ‘Flow’.. Flow will suggest music based on your listening habits. You can also play unlimited playlists, tune into the radio and catch up on the news or sports, create your own playlists, and generally listen to some of the world’s leading musical icons. The Deezer app currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the Google Play website. blinkbox Music A very basic app, blinkbox Music is an app specifically for android users. The app itself offers the essentials, such as unlimited streaming and a ton of free and popular hits. You can tune into top 40 playlists and other great additions. The blinkbox Music app currently holds an overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the Google Play website. YOUZEEK Free Music Streaming A great app which shouldn’t be ignored, YOUZEEK is offered in 16 different languages, and it has in store around 1 million music artists and 1,500 different genres to choose from. You can create and edit your own individual homepage, share playlists with friends and use the privacy settings. YOUZEEK is available in over 200 countries. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4 out of 5 stars on the Google Play website. Stingray Music This app is available for free if it is part of or related to a TV subscription which you have signed with. Stingray has around 2000 individualised music channels to select from. In total, there are around 100 different genres to browse through, and you can customise your very own channel. Stingray offers the basics of any other great free music streaming app. The app currently holds an overall rating of 4.3 out of 5 on the Google Play website. Torch Music With Torch music, you can experience all the pleasantries of listening to your favourite music without the interruption of ads. Think of Torch Music as an app similar to Spotify without the ads. You can also connect your Torch Music account with Facebook and share what you’re listening to with your friends online. The Torch music app currently holds and overall rating of 4.1 out of 5 on the google Play website. SuperCloud Song MP3 Downloader Super cloud is another great music downloader for android. Great platform to download mp3 songs or music for free. Good for music streaming online on the app. It is one of the best free music download apps for android. Needs improvement and bug fixes. supercloud Low space as it is of the only 1.57MB. Rated 4.5 stars. Got 250k downloads, it is an amazing and one of the best free music apps for android. Android version 2.2 and above and is being updated. Finally, it is a great app for free mp3 music download app for android. Anghami ( free mp3 music download) Anghami is best for free mp3 music download. It has two versions. Paid version is preferable as you can have unlimited downloads. Furthermore, it will let you access to offline streaming of songs. Even it is free of ads. Has a nice user interface. Has attractive and visually good theme. Anghami It is a very fast app. Anghami has a large collection of movies. Furthermore, it keeps on updating. I Moreover, it has got 5 million downloads. seems like it has a device optimized theme. Rated 4.3 stars making it a nice app for free mp3 music download. Finally, it is a great music downloader free. Wynk Music Wynk music is very famous music downloader free app. It is one of the best free music download apps for android. Got an attractive look. I personally use this app for free mp3 music download. Wynk music has around 2.5 million Bollywood songs. Furthermore, you can even stream songs online. WYNK Paid as well as free version. Moreover, It seems like even free version is good. Wynk has got 5 billions of download. Furthermore, it has been rated 4.1 stars. It’s size is 8 MB. It was last updated in May, 2016. Moreover, it requires an android version of 2.3 or above. Tunee music Tunee is one of the best music download apps for android. It’s basically for downloading music on phone rather than streaming. Pretty good features. Decent small app. Tunee Small sized music downloader free app. Size is of 768kb. Got many downloads. Rated 4.5 stars. In conclusion, it is one of the best free music download apps for android Soundcore Soundcore is a music downloader free app and yet another one of the best free music download apps for android. It has a great visual platform. It has a large collection of songs. Soundcore really has a nice theme and provides a great user experience. They are working hard and keep on updating their apps. soundcore It has a small size. Its size is 2.7 MB. This app has no extra features. But it can be used for online song streaming. Moreover, It is greatly used for free mp3 music download. Soundcore has got many downloads. But it has not become so popular yet. Music downloader free on the android phone. Furthermore, it has been given 4.7 stars. New Music for Free Music Download U2 Adam clayton will be playing new songs in their new event “Joushua tree. The band announced new releases as well as a UK tour for their 30 th anniversary. New Singer Manu Chao or I should say a very old singer returns after a big period of time. There are 3 new songs of him with and he announced a new project as well. Please download these songs from his official website. NO SOLO EN CHINA HAY FUTURO WORDS OF TRUTH TI.PO.TA – MOONLIGHT AVENUE New Music named “Anymore” is released by goldfrapp today. The official music video includes John Congleton in Dallas &  Haxan Cloak in London. Tim Heidecker new song – “getting punched in face”. With funny and rhyming lyrics it will make you laugh a little bit. The Music is written about richard spencer. I especially love this line- ” If You see richard spencer, Why Don’t you punch him in the head”. Richard is a white nationalist who was punched while he was speaking. Q & A: Music Downloader Free Apps In case you are unsure about a few things related to downloading music onto your many devices, this post will hopefully clarify a few things for you. This section will explain everything from music downloads, to music apps, legal music downloads, and more. (Please note: in regards to illegal downloads, we advocate nothing. The following information is gathered from sources across the internet. The risk and consequence is entirely your own). How do you download a song from YouTube to your computer? If you have never heard of a YouTube converter, now is the best time to start using one. YouTube converters are free to use and take only a matter of seconds to use. There are many YouTube converter websites online, all you have to do is search ‘YouTube converter’. Best youtube converters-  mp3 juice How do you get music from YouTube? As mentioned above, YouTube converter websites are the best way to go. So, what exactly do they do and how to use them? The whole premise is simple. A YouTube converter snatches an audio track from a music video. It then allows you to download and keep this audio track. In order to do this, choose a reliable YouTube converter website and copy and paste the video link. After choosing to convert, the website will take the audio track and you can then download the file. Some of the better YouTube converter websites will allow you to download the audio track in different formats. How do you download a song from YouTube to your phone? You can access YouTube converters on your mobile phone just as easily as you can on your computer. Alternatively, you may be able to find some reliable YouTube converter apps online. Apps like Converter Tube and Video to mp3 are some apps online right now which could do the job for you. Just visit either Google Play or the iTunes app store. Some of these apps will most likely be free to download. What is the best app for downloading music? There are literally thousands of free, great apps online which will download music for you. To name just a few of these free music downloads apps: 4Shared, Google Play Music, SoundCloud, Napster. But other apps reviewed here are good as well. These music downloader apps can be downloaded easily from google play. Where can I download music for free legally? Despite most of the music download websites being illegal, there are in fact some websites in which you can get music for free. To list a few of these free, legal music download websites: FreeMusicArchive, Jamendo, SoundCloud, and Internet Archive. Most of these websites are simple music search engines, in which all you have to do is search for your desired track and then click on ‘download’. Furthermore, most of the music displayed on these websites are property of the public domain. Alternatively, you can also use torrents. Torrents have received a lot of attention due to legal matters. Most torrent sites are illegal, but there are, however, legal torrent sites in which you can either torrent or download music directly from the site. Here are some of the best legal torrent sites which you can use for music: Frostclick.com, Legittorrents.info, and Panda.cd. How do I get free music on my iPhone? Use apps! There are tons of free, great apps out there which can download music onto your phone within seconds. As mentioned above, here are some of the best apps for music downloads: 4Shared, Google Play Music, Napster, and Soundcloud. Check out our post on the best music download apps here. In addition to apps which can download music onto your phone. Apps like Spotify and Radio by Audials won’t necessarily allow you to download the music directly onto your phone, but there isn’t much difference in listening to free music at anytime with a great radio app, and listening to music which you have downloaded from another app. What is a music download? This is a very broad question which may require a lengthy answer. In its simplest form, a download is a file which has been shared from another computer to your own computer (or device). Like giving an item to another person, a download is essentially like a computer giving an item to another computer. Files come in many forms. Some files are as tiny as a few bytes, whereas some are as huge as a few gigabytes. There are also dozens of different music file types, such as: mp3, mp4, wma, ogg, mpeg-1, wav, and more – all of which correspond to or are usable within different software programmes. For example, mp3 is perhaps the most common file type for music downloads. Mp3 files can be used in almost any music playing software programme, like iTunes or Windows Media Player. On the other hand, a file type like WMA is more common to music playing programmes like Windows Media Player. Conclusion That concludes the heaps of great apps for free music downloads. We have given you a big list of free music download app for android. You just need a smartphone with android. You can even download some of the apps on your ios device. If you want to discover even more apps for free music, simply visit either Google Play or the Apple app store and search for ‘free music’ there. You will find dozens of great free apps for you to choose from. Happy searching and best of luck choosing the right apps! Thanks for reading this article. Have a Good Day!! More from my site Top 10 Best Android Launcher Apps 7 Best Free Movie Apps For Android Tutorial To Root Android Without Computer [JailBreak Android] Watch TV series online – a review of popular streaming sites. 5 Best Battery Saver App For Android With Tutorials Best Android Music Player Apps To Download Free Music +11 Tweet Share5 Share1 Pin14 Stumble1 Filed Under: Best Sites, Blog, Review Comments toko says June 26, 2016 at 11:05 PM An interesting discussion is worth comment. To the next! All the best!! Reply Harsh says June 27, 2016 at 4:14 AM Thank you for your good wishes Reply lords mobile says June 27, 2016 at 4:17 PM Нello! I could have sworn I’ve recognized tһis website earlier but after browsing through many of the artіcles I realized іt’s new to me. Anyhow, I’m certainly happy I came across it and I’ll be boоk-marking it and checking back regularly! Reply Harsh says June 27, 2016 at 4:52 PM Thanks for appreciation Reply perlengkapan bayi says June 29, 2016 at 12:07 AM Good info. Lucky me I found your site by chance (stumbleupon). I’ve book-marked it for later! Reply Harsh says June 29, 2016 at 3:43 AM Thanks for appreciation Reply Adidas says June 29, 2016 at 6:25 AM Tremendous things here. I’m very satisfied to see your post. Thank you so much and I’m having a look ahead to contact you. Will you kindly drop me a e-mail? Reply Harsh says June 29, 2016 at 7:14 AM Thanks for appreciation. Use contact form available in the menu Reply john says July 9, 2016 at 7:24 AM I am actually grateful to the holder of this web site who has shared this great piece of writing at at this place. Reply Harsh says July 9, 2016 at 1:22 PM Thanks bro Reply Maxim says December 3, 2016 at 8:07 AM One more app on Google Play to check out – MP3 Hunter: All the music is free and released under Creative Commons license. You can search and download around 1 million free songs of any genre possible. Rather minimalistic UI but with all the functionality needed – search, play, download, share. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Search The Site LEGAL DISCLOSURE Home Best Sites Review Tips & Tricks Contact Archives January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 Recent Posts 123movies.is: Watch Movies Online Free The Best Infographic Websites To Take Your visual design to the next level The Best Desktop Wallpaper Site? Get Stunning Images For Your Desktop 9 Best Sites To Watch Anime Online Or English Dubbed Anime Online 30+ Free Movies Websites To Watch Free Movies Online Without Downloading Some Of The Best Free Drawing Websites & Sketching Communities A List Of Top Genealogy Websites To Help You Discover Your Ancestry XMovies8: Watch Free Movies Online & TV Series 2016 in High Quality Top Free Music download Apps For Android Learn To Type Much Faster With Touch Typing free movies online dubbed anime free music download All rights are reserved. All the content and images belong to their respective owner. We have all the rights to modify & edit any comment which is found to be spammy or abusive. Pages About Contact Legal Disclosure PRIVACY POLICY SiteMap- User Friendly sitemap For Visitors Recommended Watch Free Movies Online Free Movie Downloads watch series Online best torrent sites dubbed anime music downloader free Copyright © 2016 TechWhack.com +11 Tweet Share5 Share1 Pin14 Stumble1
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google Pixel not so great: There are plenty of better business phones The best Android smartphone you can buy? Not when you have options like the Moto Z Force Droid, Galaxy S7, LG V20, and Huawei Mate 9. Matthew Miller reviews the Pixel's pros and cons. ByMatthew Miller for Smartphones and Cell Phones | January 20, 2017 -- 12:00 GMT (04:00 PST) | Topic: Mobility After nearly two months with the Google Pixel XL, mine's going back up on Swappa tonight. The Google Pixel has an excellent camera, the battery gets you through a day, and it gets the latest Android updates quickly. review Google Pixel XL: Nexus is dead, long live the Pixel Google's push into becoming a hardware company by creating its own smartphone is off to a fantastic start. Read More It's also priced the same as the most expensive smartphones available (the Apple iPhone 7), has no water resistance, has no optical image stabilization, has limited storage (32GB model), has a fragile glass back, offers a stock Android experience with no software enhancements, and it has very limited availability even after three months on the market. CNET review: Just like the Pixel, only bigger Why is the Pixel not the best for business? If you want the smaller Google Pixel, then you may be able to find one on the Google Store or in Best Buy and Verizon retail locations. The Google Pixel XL is nearly impossible to find in stock, and the 128GB model has been out of stock at Google's online store since Nov. 30, 2016. I purchased a 32GB Pixel XL from Swappa and have ran out of storage twice since I bought it. I don't even have many games or sizable applications installed, but I did load up some music and a lot of documents. Also, with the 32GB model, you only get about 23GB for your usage. Even with the ability to offload photos to Google Photos, the 32GB model is inadequate for the high price of the device. Water resistance was a rare feature on smartphones a couple of years ago -- with Sony and Moto being two of those offering such capability. Today, we find Apple, Samsung, Sony, Lenovo, and others offering it as a standard feature. When you work and communicate outside, then it is important to have some peace of mind that the elements or accidents won't kill your expensive device. Work phones often get beat up, and if handling is planned to be a bit rough, then cases are often used. There doesn't seem to be any justifiable reason to have the glass upper portion of the back on the Pixel, and even with extreme care, it scratches more easily than any other glass material I have used. Thankfully, it's only a cosmetic issue, but at the high price of the phone, it's not acceptable to have such a flawed design. Android enthusiasts love stock Android and prefer a Nexus or Pixel that gets the Android updates first. However, a stock Android experience does not offer enhanced experiences and advanced customization in settings that many have come to appreciate. Why are other Android phones good for business? I previously listed seven reasons the Galaxy Note 7 beats the Google Pixel for the enterprise, and while the Note 7 is no longer with us, the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge offer most of those same functions. Using the Galaxy S7 again over the past week is what convinced me to give up on the Google Pixel XL. In addition to the reasons previously listed, the Galaxy S7 offers the best T-Mobile Digits experience, provides the best platform to serve as a companion to the Gear S3 Frontier, connects to my bike speed and cadence sensors to serve as a bike computer, conveniently charges via wireless, and more. Verizon is heavily advertising the Google Pixel, but the better option for the enterprise is the Moto Z Force Droid Edition. This Android smartphone offers Android 7.0 Nougat and Daydream VR support, along with a shatterproof display, massive battery, compelling modular design, storage expansion, water resistance, and Moto enhancements. It is also priced less than the comparable Google Pixel XL. The LG V20 offers a replaceable battery, expandable storage, the best video capture experience, and a useful secondary display. It is also priced less than a comparable Google Pixel XL and includes Android 7.0 Nougat out of the box. The Huawei Mate 9 is priced a couple hundred less than a comparable Google Pixel XL and offers a larger display with smaller bezels, expandable storage, dual rear cameras with OIS and advanced camera software, and machine-learning technology. Best Android smartphones for 2017 SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 5 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security My advice to President Trump: Keep the private email servers, ditch the Android phone, and Tweet on! Tablets ASUS ZenPad 3S 10, First Take: A premium 9.7-inch Android tablet at an affordable price Reviews Hands on with the Meizu M5 Note, a fast, stylish and affordable phone Telcos Chorus announces second stage of UFB fibre rollout across New Zealand × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple You won’t believe how much Amazon is charging for Google’s Pixel XL Chris Smith BGR NewsJanuary 20, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The Pixel phone series seems like a big success for Google, which still can’t seem to make enough of them to go around. Both the Pixel and Pixel XL are sold out in the Google Store, though Verizon has them — and the carrier has been selling plenty of them, according to recent estimates. Amazon has the Pixels in stock too, but the online retail giant is selling the phone at quite a markup. The 128GB Pixel XL, sold and shipped by Amazon, can cost you more than $1,500… and that doesn’t even include sales tax. Don't Miss: Security researcher finds the DDoS mastermind who took down the internet last fall Apparently, that’s not a mistake — or if is an error from Amazon, it hasn’t been fixed yet. Other retailers are also selling the phone for quite a markup, with prices ranging from $1,387 to $1,799.99. But these are third-party retailers looking to make a quick buck. But it’s pretty strange to see Amazon’s official Pixel XL page listing a $1,500 price. The same Google Pixel XL version costs $869 plus tax if you can find it at Google or Verizon. Google Pixel XL Phone 128GB - 5.5 inch display ( Factory Unlocked US Version ) (Very Silver): $1,510.08 If you still haven’t purchased a Google Pixel or Pixel XL, you’d be better off waiting at this point. The phone might be the hottest Android smartphone in town right now, but not for long. All the other major Android device makers out there are preparing to launch hot new smartphones this year, with Samsung and LG leading the pack. The Galaxy S8 and LG G6 are due in mid-April and early March, respectively, according to recent reports. By then, Pixel prices might drop and stock at Google will likely improve. Not to mention that Amazon might drop the price back to what Google is charging for the phone. google-pixel-xl-price-amazonMore Trending right now: Donald Trump had to trade in his Android tweeting machine for a more secure device Samsung will blame the Galaxy Note 7’s battery when it releases its findings on Monday Google will soon fix the most annoying thing about the Pixel See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Look at one of the most stunning iPhone 8 concept designs we’ve ever seen BGR News The Best Way To Find Out If They Are Unfaithful TruthFinderSponsored Just when you thought Windows Phone couldn’t get any more dead… BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The Mother Lode of Galaxy S8 Leaks Just Landed Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) 50% of People Pay Too Much Best BuySponsored Seven years later, we’re still asking the wrong questions about the iPad The Verge Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google: International Targeting In Search Console Doesn't Reduce Visibility In Other Countries Google: International Targeting In Search Console Doesn't Reduce Visibility In Other Countries Jan 20, 2017 • 7:28 am | (4) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Back in 2014, Google came out with a feature in Google Search Console named international targeting a way to monitor your href lang settings or set your web site's desired country. The desired country is basically a way to say, hey, this site is relevant in this specific country and should be shown to searchers in that region. You can learn more about it over here. That being said, Gary Illyes said on Twitter that using it doesn't reduce your visibility in other countries. So if I set this site to be country specific in Israel, Gary is saying it won't impact how much traffic I get from the UK, US, Germany or other countries? Here are the set of tweets: @MarcinKilarski @JohnMu no— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) January 19, 2017 Honestly, to me, that seems wrong. I would think it would impact my visibility in other countries. I guess Gary says, why does it matter. Why show your site in the US search results if US searchers cannot benefit from your site? Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Daily Search Forum Recap: January 19, 2017   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 01/27/2017 09:20 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Chrome 56, HTML5, "Not Secure" and 28pct Faster Reload Capability Facebook adds support for hardware security keys Digital Point Forums New short links Network tmearn high RATES - Official support $20 logo review Website Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Search Video Recaps > Search Buzz Video Recap: Google Algorithm Update, Mobile Interstitial Penalty, Link Operator & Matt Cutts Search Buzz Video Recap: Google Algorithm Update, Mobile Interstitial Penalty, Link Operator & Matt Cutts Jan 20, 2017 • 8:41 am | (1) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Search Buzz Video Round Recap Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story I am back after skipping two shows due to sickness but I try to catch you up in this one video. We may have had a Google algorithm update on Monday. Google did launch their mobile interstitial penalty but it seems to be rolling out very slowly because not many sites got hit yet, although sites that did get hit were hit hard. Google said the mobile-first index isn’t launching any time soon. Google confirmed the link operator is now fully dead. Google explained what crawl budget means in detail. Google said do nofollow links to bad sites. Google said international targeting doesn’t hurt your visibility in other countries. Google local pack has shopping ads in them now. Google AdWords won’t let you add or edit your ads in standard text ad format starting on the 31st. Bing added ad extension scheduling. Google is testing a web site builder tool in the Google My Business center. Google AdSense launched an ad balancer slider. Google Android app lets you search offline. Matt Cutts officially resigned from Google and is the director of engineering at USDS now. That was this past week in search at the Search Engine Roundtable. Make sure to subscribe to our video feed or subscribe directly on iTunes to be notified of these updates and download the video in the background. Here is the YouTube version of the feed: For the original iTunes version, click here. Search Topics of Discussion: Google Algorithm Update On January 16th, MLK Day? Google: Intrusive Interstitials Mobile Penalty Still Rolling Out Based On Recrawl Google Intrusive Interstitials Mobile Penalty Having Minimal Impact Google Intrusive Interstitials Mobile Penalty Does Hurt Google Mobile-First Index Not Launching Too Soon Google: The Link Operator No Longer Works Google: Crawl Rate & Crawl Demand = Crawl Budget Google: Use Nofollow When Linking To Bad Sites Google: International Targeting In Search Console Doesn't Reduce Visibility In Other Countries New: Google Local Pack Showing Google Shopping Ads Google AdWords To Only Allow Add/Edit Extended Text Ads Starting January 31st Bing Ad Extensions Scheduling Feature Google Testing Google My Business Web Site Builder Tool Google AdSense Launches Ad Balance Slider To Show Less Ads Google Android App Offline Search Matt Cutts Officially Resigns From Google Please do subscribe via iTunes or on your favorite RSS reader. Don't forget to comment below with the right answer and good luck! I am back after skipping two shows due to sickness but I try to catch you up in this one video. We may have had a Google algorithm update on Monday... Previous story: Google: Use Nofollow When Linking To Bad Sites   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 01/27/2017 09:20 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Chrome 56, HTML5, "Not Secure" and 28pct Faster Reload Capability Facebook adds support for hardware security keys Digital Point Forums looking for business partner from USA How many percent of people in the world using Yahoo? Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES ECONOMY January 28, 2017 | Last updated 1:05 AM ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: UAE in India Miss Universe DSF Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2017 The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data When gold will drop to its lowest this year Dollar and oil price gain will boost Gulf Oil prices rise on tighter supply outlook Gold Rate Sectors13 Markets6 Automotives2 Banking1 Construction Employment Features General Investment1 Media1 Careers1 Energy52 Retail2 Shipping1 Technology4 Telecoms2 Tourism2 top stories in Sectors External audit confirms Aramco’s oil reserves Apple to join Amazon, Google in AI group TransCanada submits US application for Keystone Renewables Aviation2 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Dubai Duty Free eyes new airport for growth Japan’s ANA profit soars Qantas to expand international unit Economy4 Property GN Property top stories in Property Ask PW: How to find a good agent in Dubai? Homes to float on Dubai Water Canal Dubai brokers netted Dh1.5b commissions in 2016 Money Visas Analysis2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Indonesia tax agency demands meeting with top Google execs Indonesia’s pursuit of large multinationals underscores the challenge facing President Joko Widodo as he seeks to fund infrastructure programme Published: 16:32 January 20, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Jakarta: Indonesia’s tax agency says documents submitted by Alphabet’s Google as part of a probe into its operations are not adequate and has demanded to meet with top executives from the technology firm. A meeting on Thursday with the tax office was abruptly halted after senior executives from Google failed to show and the company sent only a local representative, Hestu Yoga Saksama, a spokesman for the Directorate General of Taxation, said in an interview with Bloomberg News on Friday. Google had submitted some financial statements but they didn’t match the tax agency’s own assessment of the revenue the company was making in Indonesia, he said. Financial statements prepared by Google, obtained by Bloomberg, show the search giant posted 20.9 billion rupiah (Dh5.7 million, $1.6 million) in pretax profit in Indonesia and paid 5.2 billion rupiah in taxes in 2015, substantially lower than the 5 trillion rupiah the tax agency says it’s owed including fines from that year. The long-running dispute between the Indonesian government and Google has escalated in recent months to include threats of criminal action. “Because what we have, our auditors’ results show that they have greater revenue,” Saksama said. “We hope that Google will cooperate with us so that we have a settlement based on true and proper documents so that we don’t have to make it a higher level of assessment, like taking it to court.” Google didn’t immediately respond to an email seeking comment. Seeking revenue Indonesia’s pursuit of large multinationals underscores the challenge facing President Joko Widodo as he tries to fund his ambitious infrastructure program by squeezing more revenue out of an economy that’s been hit by weak commodity prices and subdued demand from China, its biggest trading partner. In Indonesia, Google earned 74.5 billion rupiah in pretax profit from 2012 through 2015, with a total of 18.5 billion rupiah in taxes paid in the same period, documents showed. It also posted $109.2 million in revenue in 2015 booked through its regional headquarters in Singapore, according to a separate financial statement. “We continue to comply fully with the government’s requests for information, and have provided all the data that has been requested,” Google said this week in an emailed response to queries on its financial statements. Google handed over financial statements to authorities on Dec. 28, some of which have been seen by Bloomberg, which included details of 282,000 transactions made by the company’s 35,000 Indonesian clients in 2015. They show that 55 per cent of the company’s revenue in Indonesia in 2015 came from its top 10 customers. Government auditors “Our auditors have made some assessment about Google’s income in Indonesia,” Saksama said. “We have so many results like bank accounts and we have also made an assessment of Indonesian companies that have business with Google. So we have a lot of data here.” Saksama said another meeting would be held and that the tax agency wanted to meet with senior executives from Google to “verify that our data is correct.” Ken Dwijugiasteadi, director general of taxation at the Ministry of Finance, has said the investigation into Google would be escalated if the company’s representatives failed to show they were willing to meet the government’s demands for more information, reiterating this week that Google’s employees could also face criminal action and potentially be jailed. Indonesia had earlier given Google until the end of 2016 to settle the tax dispute, and visited the company’s office in central Jakarta several times. Long process “We know that the process will be a long process but we hope very much that Google will cooperate,” Saksama said Friday. Tax authorities said in November they were also turning their attention to Apple, Twitter and Yahoo!, as well as Facebook which they said owed as much as 3 trillion rupiah. Tax officials say that Google and Facebook took 70 per cent of Indonesia’s $830 million of digital advertising revenue in 2015, with a majority going to the search engine company, the Jakarta Post reported last month. Google has faced tax investigations elsewhere, including in the UK, where authorities reached a £130 million ($161 million) settlement with the company’s parent, Alphabet. More from Economy Japan logs first annual price fall in 4 years US growth cools on biggest trade drag since 2010 Chandrababu back in his CEO avatar Japan December factory output seen up ‘We believe in long-term GCC growth’ UK economy dismisses Brexit threat Egypt’s debt costs rise Qatar investment in Russia to bolster — Barkindo tags from this storyChina follow this tag on MGNFacebook follow this tag on MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGNTwitter follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessEconomy tagsChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGNFacebook follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGN+ MGNGoogle follow this tag on MGN+ MGNTwitter follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In EconomyJapan logs first annual price fall in 4 years Business Gallery Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Highlights: Detroit Auto Show Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosGalleries 01Dubai launches ratings scheme for small firms 02UAE salary guide 2015: Are you getting enough? 03Mystery $9b in cash with Indians after ban Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Inside Emirates airline's engineering hangar Sep 20, 2015 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 20Images Highlights: SIHH luxury watch show Jan 18, 2017 9Images Pictures: Mohammad Bin Zayed in Mumbai Feb 13, 2016 34Images Dubai Shopping Festival 2012 in pictures Jan 31, 2012 10Images LG unveils flagship V20 smartphone Sep 07, 2016 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Mohammad concludes three-day India visit No visa-free facility for Indians here... Kuwait executes Shaikh Faisal, 6 others Miss Universe: Vote for your candidate here Trump to limit access for certain immigrants 8 things to stop wasting money on Drugs worth Dh46m seized in Sharjah How to buy fresh fish: official explains What's special this Indian Republic Day Close Recommended For You Sania a step away from mixed doubles titlePUBLISHED ON Jan 27, 2017 Apple to join Amazon, Google in AI groupPUBLISHED ON Jan 27, 2017 Curtains come down on DSF 2017PUBLISHED ON Jan 27, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google can’t keep the Pixel in stock, so Amazon is price-gouging buyers +7,807 Joe Fedewa Jan 20th, 2017 The Pixel is a phone in high demand and Google can’t seem to keep it in stock. The Pixel XL is especially hard to get from the Google Store. When a tech product is hard to buy you’ll often see people selling them on eBay for obscene prices. That usually doesn’t happen on Amazon, but right now the Pixel XL selling for a whopping $1,500. You’re probably thinking “that must be some random Amazon marketplace seller.” Nope. The phone is sold and shipped by Amazon. This is 128GB model available in black and silver. If you would buy the same model from Google, it would cost $870. When Google can’t keep a phone in stock, everyone loses. If you really want to buy the Pixel and you can’t find it from Google or Verizon, we recommend Swappa. Amazon (Just to look. Do not buy the phone at this price. I mean, unless you really want to. Whatever, it’s your money. Do it!) [via Android Police] local_offer    Amazon   Pixel   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (40) stars Further Reading Get this USB-C car charger & extension for only $9 New rumors emerge regarding the Pixel 2 lineup Next Pixel devices will likely feature waterproofing Sonos' plans for the future LifeProof FRĒ cases for Pixel arrive stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGalaxy S7 Edge owners reporting pink lines in display closePink lines showing up on some Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge displays Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge owners are reporting pink lines appearing in their displays. There’s no official response from Samsung about the issue yet, either. 2 more_vertCase renders for the Moto G5 Plus have leaked closeNew case renders leaked for the Moto G5 Plus New case renders for the Moto G5 Plus give us a closer look at Motorola’s newest device. Expect to see it unveiled at MWC 2017 this year in Barcelona. 3 more_vertT-Mobile's new ONE plans are now live closeT-Mobile ONE is now available for everyone The new T-Mobile ONE plan is now available for everyone and ensures that you will no longer pay any extra taxes or fees once your bill is due. 4 more_vertHere's our first look at the Samsung Galaxy S8 closeHere’s our first look at the upcoming Samsung Galaxy S8 New information has been revealed about the Galaxy S8 lineup, including our first look at the upcoming devices. The Galaxy S8 lineup is said to launch on March 29th. 5 more_vertNext Pixel devices will likely feature waterproofing closeRumor suggests the next Pixel phone will “definitely” be waterproof A new rumor suggests Google wanted to waterproof the Pixel devices, but favored a better camera over it. Next generation of Pixel devices will “definitely” feature waterproofing, says source. 6 more_vertHere's everything that was removed in the Google Voice update closeHere’s everything that was removed in the Google Voice update Despite updating Google Voice for the first time in years, which brought a redesign and added new features, Google also removed different features which can only be accessed on the web. 7 more_vertNew details emerge surrounding the Galaxy S8 closeNew details emerge surrounding the Galaxy S8 According to new sources at The Guardian, a slew of new details regarding the Galaxy S8 lineup have emerged, including some features that were present on the Galaxy Note 7. 8 more_vertLG G6 leaked in high resolution press render closeLG G6 gets leaked in high resolution ahead of MWC 2017 Before the LG G6 could formally be unveiled at this year’s Mobile World Congress, the phone has conveniently been leaked in half of its glory. Additional details provided in the post. 9 more_vertLG's Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches leaked closeGoogle’s upcoming Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches by LG revealed in leaked renders Today we’re getting a first look at Google’s upcoming Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches made by LG. The LG Watch Sport and Style have just turned up in a pair of low-resolution press renders. Hey, it’s better than nothing. 10 more_vertA new render shows off the front of the Galaxy S8 closeA new render shows off the front of the Galaxy S8 A new render shows off the front of the Samsung Galaxy S8 which will be unveiled sometime after Mobile World Congress. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Google owner Alphabet buys Fabric from Twitter ANI 20 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share New Delhi [India], Jan. 20 (ANI): Google's owner Alphabet has purchased Fabric from Twitter. This was announced on Friday in a blog on the Fabric.io website and Google's Firebase blog. Fabric is based on the Crashlytics crash-reporting tool that Twitter acquired for more than $100m in January 2013. It claims to have a reach of 2.5 billion active mobile devices. Francis Ma, Firebase Product Manager, wrote in the blog: "Fabric will join Google's Developer Product Group, working with the Firebase team. Our missions align closely - help developers build better apps and grow their business. As a popular, trusted tool over many years, we expect that Crashlytics will become the main crash reporting offering for Firebase and will augment the work that we have already done in this area." "While Fabric was built on the foundation of Crashlytics, the Fabric team leveraged its success to launch a broad set of important tools, including Answers and Fastlane," Ma added. Ma also wrote, "The integration of Fabric is part of our larger, long-term effort of delivering a comprehensive suite of features for iOS, Android and mobile Web app development." Twitter had acquired UK-based artificial intelligence company Magic Pony Technology for $150 million in June 2016. It had shut down the Vine short-video sharing application, which had been bought for $30m in October 2012. (ANI) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Evening newswrap January 27 India Today Harness the full power of the internet with Fios Verizon FiosSponsored Bobby Deol finally opens up on his DJing controversy India Today Mental Harassment For Pregnant Deepika Singh. What A Shame! Spotboye Kannada film U-Turn to be remade in Tamil, Telugu India Today 7 Outrageous Cards For Those With Excellent Credit NextAdvisorSponsored Newborn with heart ailment to be cured at AIIMS after Sushma Swaraj's intervention Ani Delhi: CCTV cameras capture mother throwing her two-year-old son off the stairs Catch News OMG! Bobby Deol was to be Jab We Met's hero but Imtiaz Ali naiyo'd him India Today A $500 Credit Card Intro Bonus Has Been Announced NextAdvisorSponsored Rahul announces Amarinder as Congress' in Punjab IANS India Private Limited Amitabh Bachchan’s Reaction After Watching Shah Rukh Khan’s Raees Business of Cinema Miss Universe beauty pageant kicks off in Manila Reuters The Travel Rewards From These 2 Cards Are Insane CreditCards.comSponsored How to use Fenugreek Seeds for Diabetes Practo Modi walks on Rajpath, waves to crowd IANS India Private Limited Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Google owner Alphabet buys Fabric from Twitter Google owner Alphabet buys Fabric from Twitter Source : Last Updated: Fri, Jan 20, 2017 18:54 hrs Tweet Mail Print [India], Jan. 20 (ANI): Google's owner Alphabet has purchased Fabric from Twitter. This was announced on Friday in a blog on the Fabric.io website and Google's Firebase blog. Fabric is based on the Crashlytics crash-reporting tool that Twitter acquired for more than $100m in January 2013. It claims to have a reach of 2.5 billion active mobile devices. Francis Ma, Firebase Product Manager, wrote in the blog: "Fabric will join Google's Developer Product Group, working with the Firebase team. Our missions align closely - help developers build better apps and grow their business. As a popular, trusted tool over many years, we expect that Crashlytics will become the main crash reporting offering for Firebase and will augment the work that we have already done in this area." "While Fabric was built on the foundation of Crashlytics, the Fabric team leveraged its success to launch a broad set of important tools, including Answers and Fastlane," Ma added. Ma also wrote, "The integration of Fabric is part of our larger, long-term effort of delivering a comprehensive suite of features for iOS, Android and mobile Web app development." Twitter had acquired UK-based artificial intelligence company Magic Pony Technology for $150 million in June 2016. It had shut down the Vine short-video sharing application, which had been bought for $30m in October 2012. (ANI) SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features In pictures: India's Republic Day Parade 2017 Tamil Nadu fights back on Jallikattu Jallikattu ban: Taming culture? Rahul's torn kurta Yadavs patch up! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Rank Digital UK and Plumbing Kings Announce New Launch Partnership   View as PDF  Print View    Rank Digital UK and Plumbing Kings have announced a formal launch particular for Plumbing Kings Local emergency plumbers , their latest page 1 positions on Google for customers searching for local emergency plumbers. Runcorn, United Kingdom - January 20, 2017 /PressCable/ -- Rank Digital UK and Plumbing Kings will be working together on their newest launch for Plumbing Kings Local emergency plumbers starting 14th February. These two companies have a wealth of combined experience in online marketing to increase calls to their business, instant page 1 positioning, and 100's of indexed and ranking pages available to rent. Interested parties can view full partnership details on the following website: plumbingkings.co.uk. With the launch of Plumbing Kings: Local emergency plumbers website, Rank Digital UK and Plumbing Kings will be sharing multiple responsibilities including: Location pages will go live in 2 hours - All location pages will go live 2 hours after accounts have been setup, this allows local London plumbers to have instant rankings in Google. Increased rankings of location pages - The companies are constantly increasing the positions of the location pages in Google to give the best value to the plumbing companies being promoted online. The websites are constantly growing - The two companies are working hard to grown the amount of locations available to local plumbers across the United Kingdom. Plumbing Kings (Local emergency plumbers website) has been created specifically to allow customers searching for local emergency plumbers in Google and other search engines. There are multiple features: Instant position on page 1 of Google - by using Plumbing Kings they will get their website onto local searches on Google instantly. it is only �29.99 per month - they choose the amount of locations and and multiply by �29.99. Bathroom fitters directory - They have a sister website bespokeinstallations.org.uk which promotes bathroom installations in London. The business owner, sales manager of Rank Digital UK had this to say about the new launch partnership for Plumbing Kings Local emergency plumbers : This is the best online marketing solution for local plumbing companies in the UK. Those interested in learning more about the partnership can do so here: Get Listed. Those interested in purchasing Plumbing Kings Local emergency plumbers can do so here: http://plumbingkings.co.uk/london/. Contact Info: Name: Craig Riley Organization: Rank Digital UK Address: Hitchens Close Murdishaw, Runcorn, WA7 6HY United Kingdom For more information, please visit http://rankdigital.uk/ Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 162978 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Wyckoff Trading Method Stock Investment Trade Analysis Software Launched (Sat 28th Jan 17) Power Tools Ninja Announces Launch of New Power Tool Review and Advice Site (Fri 27th Jan 17) Texas Warehouse & Logistics Company, Adams Distribution Acquires WoodsDist.com (Fri 27th Jan 17) DannyPettry.com is Holding a Free Webinar for Recreational Therapy Month (Fri 27th Jan 17) Dr Yeng's Chinese Biomagnetic Cupping Therapy Set Launches (Fri 27th Jan 17) Spooky Halloween Decorations Spider Garden Skeleton & Skull Designs Launched (Fri 27th Jan 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search Best VR headsets to buy in 2017, whatever your budget Chris Hall and Elyse Betters20 January 2017VR Firebox.com Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment The age of virtual reality is upon us (again) with a torrent of devices and content having launched throughout 2016, with many more expected for 2017. The idea of VR isn't new. It's been circulating in the tech space for a number of years, but recently, the technology has broken through some of the long-standing barriers. Enabling access has helped, with devices like Google's Cardboard opening the door for anyone with a smartphone, right up to demonstrating what a fully-fledged premium system like HTC Vive will be capable of. We now have the power in home computers for lifelike virtual environments and this makes it a much more exciting time for VR. So, without further ado, we've listed some of the top VR systems available. Their prices range dramatically, and some haven't actually been officially launched yet, but they're all worth being aware of, as you'll be seeing a lot more of VR in 2017. Pocket-lint Oculus Rift Oculus Rift has probably commanded more headlines than any other VR system. First launched as a Kickstarter project and then acquired by Facebook, Oculus Rift is one of the most exciting VR systems you'll find. The system comprises a headset that's loaded with sensors, offering a display for each eye and integrated headphones. It comes with a camera to add more movement detection information and initially ships with an Xbox One controller prior, with bespoke Oculus Touch controllers costing £189. You will also need a high-spec PC to run Oculus Rift, however, and this isn't included in the £549 asking price for the kit. The result is a canny VR system and one that's capable of creating some amazing VR worlds and games. It is available from John Lewis, Currys PC World and Game in the UK. Oculus Rift is definitely in the premium VR category. Buy it now for£549 on Amazon.co.uk or $599 on Amazon.com Oculus Rift review: The VR revolution begins here Pocket-lint HTC Vive Like Oculus Rift, HTC Vive is a full system VR experience that requires a powerful PC to run. HTC Vive is different from other VR systems because it gives you freedom to roam around a room. While other systems will allow you some movement, HTC Vive uses IR sensors mounted on walls to map your location in the physical space, integrating this into the virtual world. The downside is that you'll also need a big enough play space to use it in that fashion. The headset integrates a range of sensors, presenting the slick visuals to your eyes and you have to wear additional headphones to complete the picture. There are bespoke Vive hand controllers and their locations are also mapped within the 3D space, offering plenty of versatility when it comes to immersion and interactivity. We've experienced a wide range of different environments within HTC Vive, from climbing Everest to maintenance of robots in a Portal-style setting and we've been blown away. However, setting the device up is tricky, so sensor placement is paramount. The HTC Vive is also the costliest option costing in excess of £700. It is available at Currys PC World and Game, as well as Amazon. Buy it now for £759 on Amazon.co.uk or $799 on Amazon.com HTC Vive review: An experience that's out of this world Pocket-lint Sony PlayStation VR Rather than presenting a complete VR system, Sony's PSVR is an accessory for the PS4, PS4 Slim and PS4 Pro consoles, meaning it is less costly to own than something like Oculus Rift or HTC Vive. The headset itself is just £349 ($399) and the fact that the console is less pricey than a high-end gaming PC keeps costs down further. PlayStation VR uses the same technologies as the others, although its screen resolution is lower than those used by HTC and Oculus. It tracks movement of your head and uses the PlayStation Camera, in combination with your regular PS4 controller or PlayStation Move motion controls, to present the VR experience. This is an extension of your PS4, which is likely to see it as an easy VR choice for many. There is a hearty line-up of content available from launch, with more than 70 games and apps released in the launch window of a few months - many are already available. PlayStation VR Worlds has several mini-games and experiences, including The London Heist. Other games include RIGS, The Playroom VR, Batman: Arkham VR and the fantastic Battlezone. PlayStation VR removes plenty of barriers to virtual reality because it's an accessory to an existing platform. It brings immersive gaming to your existing console and is widely available. Buy it now for £349 on Amazon.co.uk or $629 on Amazon.com PlayStation VR review: Affordable virtual reality for the gamers Pocket-lint Samsung Gear VR Samsung was one of the early movers on VR, launching the Gear VR headset, co-developed with Oculus, and designed to support a smartphone, rather than needing a connection to a PC or console. There have been a few versions of Gear VR, supporting a number of different smartphone models from Samsung, with the handsets neatly sliding into the tray at the front. Internally there are lenses to split the display between your eyes and with Samsung's latest devices offering very high resolution displays, this translates into slick visuals. Gear VR is available for around £100, and there's an optional controller too, which you can get for about £70. You'll need to make sure it's going to fit your chosen Samsung smartphone, however, although the latest model, which was launched with the ill-fated Galaxy Note 7, comes with an adapter so former Samsung phones are compatible too. Gear VR opens the door to mobile devices, but you'll need to supply the Samsung smartphone. Buy it now for £60 on Amazon.co.uk or $95 on Amazon.com Samsung Gear VR Consumer Edition review: The stepping-stone to Oculus proper Pocket-lint Google Daydream View Daydream is the next-generation of VR from Google and the headset is appropriately called Daydream View. Where the original Cardboard concept was about accessibility and laying the foundations for VR content via your smartphone, Daydream is the future for Google and Android virtual reality. Daydream is only available in the form of Google's own headset, the Daydream View, priced at £69 in the UK, $79 in the US. The View requires a Daydream-ready phone to operate - such as Google's own Pixel and Pixel XL handsets - but comes with a remote in the box. More phones, like the Moto Z are slowly adding support for this growing platform.  The big advantage that Daydream View offers is comfort, built from a soft material rather than hard plastics like many of the rivals. There's a wide range of content, now better organised than it was previously on the Google Cardboard days. Buy it now for £69 on Google Store Google Daydream View review: A Pixel-perfect VR experience? Pocket-lint Google Cardboard Google Cardboard was first unveiled in 2014, as quite literally a folding cardboard container into which a smartphone could be placed. The beauty of Google Cardboard is two-fold: firstly, the hardware cost is almost minimal, often free, and secondly, it's universal, supporting a wide range of smartphone models - essentially, anything that will fit into the front and stay secure. Google Cardboard is something of a breakaway success, allowing people to sample VR content (be that from Google or elsewhere), without having to invest in a more substantial system: Google reports that five million Cardboard viewers have shipped. Google has a range of applications for the device, and has highlighted VR for development and investment in the future. Importantly, Cardboard is not only this cardboard viewer, but also the name of a VR platform from Google, now superseded by Daydream.  Cardboard is really an ad hoc VR viewer: there's no head strap and if there was it would be uncomfortable to wear, instead intended to be held to the face to view the content. There are a range of Cardboard apps for content, as well as being able to view 360 environments such as Google Street View or watching 360 content on YouTube. Cardboard makes perfect sense: if you want to dip your toe into VR, this is a good place to start. Google Cardboard review: The cornerstone of mobile VR Google Huawei VR headset Google's Daydream platform is about to offer up more devices from more manufacturers and Huawei has been the first to announce, giving you more choice. The Huawei VR headset looks a lot like the Gear VR from Samsung, but works with the Daydream platform from Google, including support for the remote control. Presumably it will be specifically designed to work with Huawei devices and we suspect the forthcoming Huawei P10 would be on that list.  There's no launch date or price, but we expect to learn more at Mobile World Congress 2017, so should have more details soon. This is Huawei's Daydream VR headset Pocket-lint LG 360 VR The LG 360 VR is a headset that you have to connect to your LG G5 via the USB Type-C cable, rather than slipping your phone into the front as you do with or devices. It takes the form of a pair of glasses, which you wear rather more conventionally than others. The headset itself has two 1.8-inch IPS displays inside, one for each eye, each with a resolution of 960 x 720 pixels, resulting in 639ppi. Those displays sit behind lenses that can be independently focused (you can't wear glasses and 360 VR at the same time), as well as being able to adjust the width to get the best fit to your face and ensure stereoscopic vision. The headset also carries the controls for your VR environment, with an ok and back button for basic click navigation. Otherwise, it has motion sensors, to allow you to look around the virtual world you're in. When it comes to audio, there's a 3.5mm headphone socket on the underside of the 360 VR headset. If you don't use this, the sound comes out of your smartphone, which may be some distance away, or perhaps in your pocket. It only works with the LG G5, however, which is likely to limit its appeal. Buy it now for £69 on Amazon.co.uk or $99 on Amazon.com LG 360 VR preview: A unique perspective on mobile VR Pocket-lint Homido Homido falls into the category of devices that give you a more substantial piece of headset hardware, but work in the same way as Google Cardboard.  In this case there's a sprung section on the front into which you can slide your phone, and you can then strap the thing to your head to view your VR content. In this case it's a little cheaper, so you can get your hands on it for around £40, so if you're a little more of a VR fan and think that Cardboard will get too annoying with the constant handholding, then Homido might be a solution for you. It's cheap, easy and widely available now. Buy it now for £40 on Amazon.co.uk or $50 on Amazon.com Homido is a universal VR headset for your phone Pocket-lint Microsoft HoloLens Microsoft surprised everyone when it entered the world of virtual and augmented reality. It unveiled the Microsoft HoloLens headset, which works with Windows Holographic, a technology that adds 3D images in the world around us all. Technically this is more augmented reality than virtual reality, but it's playing in the same space as some of these other systems. Microsoft wants to introduce augmented reality objects into every aspect of our world. Obviously, that won't happen with the naked eye, but users wearing HoloLens will be able to see holographic images overlaid onto real objects in front of them (which are projected by laser directly into their eyes). A full Windows 10 system is built into the headset and it runs off a battery, so it's completely untethered. The headset displays digital images into your real-world field of view. You can then view and even interact with these digitised-objects as if they were in the room with you. Using Kinect-style tech to recognise gestures and voice commands, the system features a 120-degree field of vision on both axis and is capable of high definition visuals. A Development Edition headset is currently available to buy for $3,000 in the US and Canada. It is also now available in the UK, Australia, France, Germany, Ireland and New Zealand. Buy it now for £2,719 on Microsoft Store. Microsoft HoloLens preview: An augmented vision that's still very much in the future Sulon Sulon Q The Sulon Q VR headset was unveiled during GDC 2016 in San Francisco and could be a big competitor to Oculus Rift and HTC Vive in that it runs on a Windows 10 PC architecture. Unlike those headsets though, it doesn't need a high-end PC to run and is completely "tether-free". Instead it has the processing power built into the device, using AMD technologies to run "console-quality" games and applications, but without any wires needed to connect it to a separate box. In addition to virtual reality uses, there are lenses on the headset that enable the user to use augmented reality applications too, in a similar way to the Microsoft HoloLens we describe below. These overlay computer graphics onto real-world objects. There are earbuds built-in that provide spatial 3D audio and embedded noise-cancelling microphones enable voice communication without needing a separate mic add-on. It all sounds good but we're yet to see the headset in action even though we were previously told "spring". The price is also unannounced as yet, and it could turn out to be rather pricey. Forget Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, wire-free Sulon Q VR doesn't need a high-end PC Sections Sony Samsung Google HTC Oculus Rift VR HTC Vive review: An experience that’s out of this world Sony PlayStation VR review: Virtual reality for the masses Google Daydream View review: A Pixel-perfect VR experience? Microsoft hasn't sold many HoloLens headsets, but that's okay Popular In VR On Pocket-lint Microsoft hasn't sold many HoloLens headsets, but that's okay HTC Vive's VR headset designer is now working on Google Daydream Best VR headsets to buy in 2017, whatever your budget Take a tour with President Obama through the White House in VR HTC Vive Tracker preview: Turns baseball bats, guns and more into VR controllers What is Google Daydream and what devices support it? Google's Android VR platform explained This is Huawei's Daydream VR headset Lenovo's Windows VR headset will do affordable room-scale virtual reality Best Sony PlayStation VR games you must play: Farpoint, Resident Evil 7, Batman and more HTC Vive tips & tricks: How to set it up and solve any issues 7 best encrypted messaging apps for all the Edward Snowdens out there Toyota GT86 (2017) review: Coupe a load of that Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: What's the story so far? Best compact system cameras 2017: The best mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras available to buy today Best compact cameras 2017: The best pocket cameras available to buy today Best DSLR cameras 2017: The best interchangeable lens cameras available to buy today Huawei P10 vs Huawei P9: What's the rumoured difference? Nintendo Switch vs PS4 vs Xbox One: Which should you choose? What PS4 Pro games are 4K HDR ready? The complete list of optimised games Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google's open-source Tilt Brush: Now you can create 3D movies in VR Google has released a free set of tools to help developers transform Tilt Brush sketches into immersive animations. ByLiam Tung | January 20, 2017 -- 12:03 GMT (04:03 PST) | Topic: Virtual Reality Google's Daydream VR headset could benefit from more 3D content. To fill that need it's released a new toolkit that helps artists bring their 3D sketches to life as games, music videos and stories. Google has been showing off a number of 3D art and animations created with its Tilt Brush app, such as this undersea clip, and another peeking into a gnome's living room, which Daydream users can immerse themselves in on YouTube. The company released Tilt Brush 3D sketch program last April and is testing the tech with dozens of established artists via its Tilt artists in residence program. The new open-source Tilt Brush toolkit can help artists create their own immersive scenes, storylines, tours or, for example, animations that react to music. "We're sharing all our brush shaders, our audio reactive code, a streamlined Unity import pipeline, file-format conversion utilities, and several great examples so hobbyists and professionals can showcase their Tilt Brush art in new places, on new platforms, and in new ways," says Google. As noted by UploadVR, Google open-sourced this toolset last year, shortly after announcing the Daydream headset. It has now updated the kit on GitHub with an SDK for the popular Unity VR/AR game engine. The documentation offers a number of examples for how it can be used to build out sketches by adding interactive storylines, a sequence that moves to the beat of music, or enable a controller to navigate through a scene. It also has a number of reusable scripts to create looping animations, teleport between places in a sketch, and timeline animation. The toolkit should help Google's ambition to bring mobile VR to the masses with the $80 Daydream headset. So far, only its Pixel phones and the Moto Z work with Daydream, but other phones will support it soon, including the ZTE Axon 7, the ASUS ZenFone AR, and the Huawei Mate 9 Pro. More on Google Daydream and VR Google Daydream View review: Fun for the entire family Asus ZenFone AR leaked ahead of CES with Google Tango, Daydream support Medibank launches VR for Australian hospitals on Google Daydream View Google now offering Daydream View in colors 'Crimson' and 'Snow' Google Daydream View VR headset available in November for $79 Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation China's VR market to expand fourfold in 2017: IDC Virtual Reality Google opens up Daydream app development Innovation HTC Vive commits $10m to socially conscious VR projects Windows 10 Microsoft acquires 3D data-optimization vendor Simplygon × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
ADVERTISEMENT Menu Donate Membership Search for: Donate Membership News Articles Business Career Commentary Culture Ethics Fact-Checking Innovation Leadership Legal Safety Storytelling/Reporting Tips/Training Innovation: In a shift away from print, The Dallas Morning News is laying off 25 and outsourcing its newspaper design The Dallas Morning News announced late Thursday that it would outsource the design of its print newspaper and cut 25 newsroom jobs. Newspaper chain Gatehouse Media, which has … Read More Image courtesy of Pabak Sarkar Online Learning: Tools for Mobile Journalism Discover the best apps, tips and tricks for 2016 in our webinar on May 25. Enroll Now > Home News (MediaWire) Training Events Support Poynter Careers About Contact Commentary Nate Silver sits on the stairs at Allegro hotel in downtown Chicago, Friday, Nov. 9, 2012. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh) Nate Silver blames the press Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) By James Warren • January 20, 2017 Good morning. Here's our morning roundup of all the media news you need to know. Want to get this briefing in your inbox every morning? Subscribe here. The aura of numbers-crunching superstar Nate Silver was diminished by Donald Trump's victory. He was seen as among the many missing the boat. Old media chortled at stumbling by a paragon of big data. Now comes Silver's pre-inaugural revenge. He returned after what sounds like a geek's version of a cleansing spa retreat in Northern California. He's spent several months stepping back and mulling what happened during the campaign. Apparently leaving even few stray thoughts on a digital cutting room floor, he unveils the first of a 12-part occasional series on how the press screwed up, understatedly titled "the real story of 2016." (FiveThirtyEight) And that does include him, at least somewhat, though a certain defensiveness makes Silver underscore that he gave Trump a greater chance (about 30 percent) than most. The arrogance that courses Big Data's universe can easily be inferred here, but similarly clear are accurate judgments about a journalism disaster. His series, he says, will largely focus on the news (not investigative or blogging) coverage of The New York Times, a recent (and not harmonious) home for his FiveThirtyEight. He believes that its influence remains substantial and that its coverage encapsulates the basic press errors in maintaining that Hillary Clinton would win. "Why, then, had so many people who covered the campaign been so confident of Clinton’s chances? This is the question I’ve spent the past two to three months thinking about." The answers, he contends, are "more instructive for how to cover Trump’s White House and future elections than the ones you’d get by simply blaming the polls for the failure to foresee the outcome. They also suggest there are real shortcomings in how American politics are covered, including pervasive groupthink among media elites, an unhealthy obsession with the insider’s view of politics, a lack of analytical rigor, a failure to appreciate uncertainty, a sluggishness to self-correct when new evidence contradicts pre-existing beliefs and a narrow viewpoint that lacks perspective from the longer arc of American history." In his mind, overconfidence in Clinton's chances had more to do than just placing inordinate faith in polls. "The most obvious error, given that Clinton won the popular vote by more than 2.8 million votes, is that they frequently mistook Clinton’s weakness in the Electoral College for being a strength. They also focused extensively on Clinton’s potential gains with Hispanic voters, but less on indications of a decline in African-American turnout." His view of the accurate assessment of Trump's win, which he feels the press missed, consists of these elements: The background conditions were pretty good for Trump all along; demographics actually gave Trump a big advantage in the Electoral College; voter preferences varied substantially based on news events, and the news cycle ended on a big downturn for Clinton. "This is an uncomfortable story for the mainstream American press. It mostly contradicts the way they covered the election while it was underway (when demographics were often assumed to provide Clinton with an Electoral College advantage, for instance)." "It puts a fair amount of emphasis on news events such as the (FBI Director James) Comey letter, which leads to questions about how those stories were covered. It’s much easier to blame the polls for the failure to foresee the outcome, or the Clinton campaign for blowing a sure thing. But we think the evidence lines up with our version of events. And if almost everyone got the first draft of history wrong in 2016, perhaps there’s still time to get the second draft right." There's far more to come. Far more. One just hopes that ego doesn't displace analytical concision, as bright as Silver may be. He's already detailed his conclusions rather clearly here. How Google hawks its products "A Wall Street Journal analysis found that ads for products sold by Google and its sister companies appeared in the most prominent spot in 91 percent of 25,000 recent searches related to such items. In 43 percent of the searches, the top two ads both were for Google-related products." (Wall Street Journal) "The analysis, run by search-ad-data firm SEMrush, examined 1,000 searches each on 25 terms, from 'laptops to 'speakers' to 'carbon monoxide detectors.' SEMrush ran the searches Dec. 1 on a desktop computer, blocking past web-surfing history that could influence results." "The results show how Google uses its dominant search engine to boost other parts of its business and give it an edge over competitors, which include some of its biggest advertising customers." Trump's petty revenge Jonathan Salant, Washington correspondent for NJ Advance Media who has covered every presidential inauguration since 1989, informs me of the following: "The presidential inaugural committee imposed a blackout on regional newspapers with Washington correspondents. They never returned emails, never responded to requests and denied everyone credentials to cover the Trump inaugural events but never told anyone so reporters had to wait on lines to pick up non-existent credentials." They wouldn't even let reporters pick up their already-approved Secret Service credentials, Salant said. "The Regional Reporters Association email list was buzzing the last two days as Washington reporters from papers across the country traded stories of not being told anything about their credentials, and being turned away when they showed up to try to find out anything," he said. Salant has "never seen such disdain for the media," he said. "It costs nothing to send out an email saying you don't have credentials, or even less effort to hand out the already-issued Secret Service credentials to reporters spending more than an hour trying to find out whether they had been accredited because the inaugural committee didn't have the common courtesy to respond." As President-elect Trump would tweet, 'Sad!'" A brief chill at Perry hearing Rick Perry, the former Texas governor who's nominee for Energy Secretary, confronted lots of special pleadings from members of a Senate committee yesterday. Everybody has a program they don't want cut, or more money they want him to find if confirmed. And Chairman Lisa Murkowski, an Alaska Republican, used a journalism staple to make her case: a weather story. It's important that Alaskans get heat, she said. To that end, she held up a newspaper story with the headline "Frigid Fairbanks" above a photo of a gas station's digital signage announcing the temperature: minus-52 degrees. (Daily News Miner) Damning or just flawed? The media gave enormous attention to a Justice Department (DOJ) report on the Chicago Police Department. "Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights, Justice Dept. Says" in The New York Times was typical. But, as a rather acute assessment of the report notes, "The reader never learns how many incidents of allegedly unconstitutional behavior the Justice Department found, nor how those incidents compare with the universe of police-civilian contacts conducted by the Chicago Police Department." (City Journal) "No clue is provided regarding why the DOJ lawyers concluded that the alleged abuses reached the mysterious threshold for constituting a pattern or practice. Instead, the report uses waffle words like 'several,' 'often,' or 'many' as a substitute for actual quantification. This vacuum of information hasn’t stopped the mainstream media from trumpeting the report as yet another exposé of abusive, racist policing.'Excessive force is rife in Chicago, U.S. review finds,' read the headline on The New York Times’s front-page story, which went on to note that the excessive force was 'chiefly aimed at African-Americans and Latinos.'" In defense of White House briefings Amid rumors that Trump may curtail the tradition of failing press briefings, Julie Mason, host of a SiriusXM show on the media, writes, "The briefings exist not to serve journalists' vanity, although that too, but the briefings also are closely watched around the world and serve an important messaging function for the White House." (U.S. News & World Report) "The existing practices are important symbols of American democracy, handy when U.S. officials prod other nations to step up their own press freedoms and civil rights. No president rejoices at the work of its captive press corps, but most understand why it's necessary." Meacham on Bush v. Trump With former President George H.W. Bush hospitalized, I tracked down journalist-historian Jon Meacham to compare Bush with Trump. (U.S. News & World Report) It was a reminder of how increasingly ideological the political and media environment became around the time of Bush's term. There wasn't just the rise of Newt Gingrich, his congressional rabble-rousers and freelance partisanship. There was the arrival of Rush Limbaugh on talk radio and the then-mainstay cable shows like CNN's "Crossfire" and syndicated fare such as "The McLaughlin Group." Bush couldn't fathom or stand any of it, said Meacham. He'd look at transcripts and shake his head. He was decorous and, increasingly, out of sync with the times and, now, all that Trump represents and practices. Investigating The Daily Beast The Daily Beast hammered Reed Cordish, a new Trump adviser, for involvement with a company accused of racially discriminatory practices. (Daily Beast) Now Dan Abrams' Law Newz checks it out and says the tale is wildly inaccurate. "None of these cases resulted in a court finding that Reed Cordish or Cordish Companies engaged in racial discrimination, and statements claiming that they did have racist practices have come under significant doubt. So why run a story about it?" (Law Newz) Now comes an "Editor's Note" atop the Daily Beast opus: "This story has been updated with a statement from the Trump transition team and clarified that Cordish himself was not sued and that two plaintiffs lost in summary judgment." Annals of media self-absorption "Riding Metro to DC for the inauguration, the 7th I've been part of covering," New York Times reporter Michael Shear tweets this morning. "Always an amazing moment in democracy." Thanks for the transit update. More telling is his solid overview of the cabinet nomination hearings so far. (The New York Times) Prowling a party Last night's pre-Inaugural festivities included the DeploraBall, a not-quite-alt-right inauguration party at the National Press Club. Didn't make it? "Don’t feel bad: Neither could much of the media, though we certainly tried." (BuzzFeed) "Of the more than 200 requests for press passes the organizers of the event received, they granted only 20." Said one party planner, "“Otherwise, it would have been one reporter for every fifth person.” Financial get of the week "How Deutsche Bank made a $462 million loss disappear" (Bloomberg BusinessWeek) It's a tale of a financial sleight of hand that goes ethically well beyond being ingenious. The morning babble With New York transplanted to Washington, Steve Doocy of "Fox & Friends" opened at 6 a.m. Eastern with his upbeat sense of history about the day's events. Trump, he said, is "a real estate guy and a builder, and this is the most valuable real estate, figuratively and actually, in the whole wide world and that's where he's going to be living." MSNBC's "Morning Joe" opted for a bar, not the usual glass-encased outdoor set overlooking the Capitol. There, Joe Scarborough declared the need for calm and not pre-judging the guy since, he informed, there's a disjoint between the rhetoric of the public Trump and the one who's been on the phone with world leaders. Or so he claimed before turning into a lecturer and getting preachy on the need for the press to be "fair," avoid "snarky tweets" and "tell the whole story." Thanks. CNN exhibited a rather firm grasp of the obvious, with Salena Zito, a Washington Examiner reporter deemed an astute chronicler of Trump, underscoring the importance in Trump's address of "tone" and "body language." She noted, too, that Obama's daughters had largely grown up in the White House. Yes, we know. Wayne Barrett Wayne Barrett was among a cadre of fabulous reporters who were the soul of The Village Voice during its alternative weekly heyday in New York City. Growing up there, I found intoxicating his frequent unveiling of a netherworld of double-dealing, corruption and hypocrisy. His were the stories behind the stories. His handiwork was alluring in no small measure because of its passion and exhaustive precision in dissecting the frequent complexity of deceit. Mayors, council members and, yes, a developer named Donald Trump were all unmasked by him. His files used for a Trump biography, and his collegiality, "made his Brooklyn home a mecca for investigative reporters during the recent presidential campaign." (New York Times) He was really good. (The New Yorker) Barrett, 71, who passed away, was a mentor to many, including Glenn Thrush, a fine reporter most recently at Politico and now at The New York Times. He tweeted, "Wayne Barrett's lessons: 1) F--k cynicism 2) If you aren't angry, you aren't paying attention 3) people want to confess their sins." I found this lede of his: "Ed Koch and I were inaugurated on the same day in 1978. He became mayor and I became his weekly tormentor." (Village Voice) Since I've got at least three soccer games to get to this weekend — one at 9:30 p.m. Saturday, another at 7 a.m. Sunday — I will make sure to check out the Barrett archive included in the Voice's own obituary. (Village Voice) So might you. Corrections? Tips? Please email me: jwarren@poynter.org. Would you like to get this roundup emailed to you every morning? Sign up here. What to read next AUTHOR INFORMATION James Warren Chief Media Writer New York City native, graduate of Collegiate School, Amherst College and Roosevelt University. Married to Cornelia Grumman, dad of Blair and Eliot. National columnist, U.S. News & World Report. Former managing editor and Washington Bureau Chief, Chicago Tribune. Former Washington Bureau Chief, New York Daily News. Current or former contributor to The Atlantic, Huffington Post, Vanity Fair, Daily Beast, CNN, MSNBC and Fox News. Tags AM Newsletter Comments View/Add Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Featured Jobs T. Anthony Pollner Distinguished Professorships - Missoula, Montana T. Anthony Pollner Distinguished Professorships - Missoula, Montana Opportunities at the Russell Sage Foundation: Visiting Journalist Fellowship & Social Science Summer Institute for Journalists - New York City Opportunities at the Russell Sage Foundation: Visiting Journalist Fellowship & Social Science Summer Institute for Journalists - New York City Regional Reporter Southern Colorado - Southern Colorado Multimedia Producer/Journalist - Milwaukee PBS - Milwaukee, WI Interactive Communications Officer - Torrance, CA Digital Multi-Media Journalist, KNSD - San Diego, CA Director, News Standards - New York, NY Publisher - Iowa City, IA Find A Job   Post A Job   ADVERTISEMENT Contact Us Email Directory Advertising Information General Information Seminars & Events E-learning & NewsU Accounting & Billing Faculty & Staff The Poynter Institute 801 Third Street South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 (727) 821—9494 © Copyright 2017 Follow Us Links Support Poynter Advertise Guidelines About Jobs Newsletters Sign up Poynter offers range of newsletters to keep you informed and up-to-date. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search Google Pixel and Pixel XL tips and tricks: Getting to grips with Google's phone Cam Bunton20 January 2017Phones Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment With the Pixel and the Pixel XL, Google has taken a step away from the Nexus programme. While it's still committed to delivering updates to the previous pure Android devices, and while Android Nougat will have many similar features on the Pixel, there are a few differences. The Google Pixel launched with Android 7.1, the first smartphone to do so, bringing with it a whole range of new features that build on the top of the existing goodness that Google introduced with Android Nougat a few months earlier. Here are all the details you need to get to grips with Google's new phone, as we dig deep into those Pixel features and Android 7.1. Google Pixel general tips and tricks Android has long been known for its customisation capabilities, but with Nougat 7.1 on the Pixel, the options are even greater. You can change the way a number of features appear and how the system works. App action shortcuts: A lot like iOS with its Force Touch quick actions, many Android 7.1 stock apps have shortcuts. Just tap and hold any stock app icon like Calendar, Camera, Messenger or Dialler. This brings up a list of quick actions above the icon. Adjust icon/screen size: In Settings > Display there's a new option to adjust the size of onscreen content and icons. Simply select the Display size option and move the slider until the icons are the size you want them to be. Enable developer settings: To turn on the developer settings, head into Settings > About phone. Scroll to the bottom and repeatedly tap on the Build number. After a number of taps, you'll unlock the developer options. Unlock System UI Tuner: This is a clever hidden setting that offers a range of options you can't otherwise get to. Swipe down the Quick Settings and press and hold the settings cog at the top next to the battery. After a long press, the System UI Tuner will be unlocked, and a new option will appear in the settings menu. There's a more detailed step-by-step guide here if you need more help. Google Pixel vs Apple iPhone 7: Which should you choose? Apple iPhone to Google Pixel: How to transfer contacts, messages, calendars and media Transfer everything from your iPhone: As part of the set up process, you can transfer all your contacts, messages, emails, calendar appointments, attachments and media across to your new Pixel phone from your iPhone. The video below shows how to do it. Show the battery percentage: Once you've unlocked the System UI Tuner (as above), you have the option to show the battery percentage in the battery icon at all times. (Most third-party skins have this as a default option.) Charge another device: Using the USB Type-C to Type-A adapter that comes in the box, you can use your Pixel to charge another device. Just your other device's cable in to the adapter, and plug it in to your Pixel.  Turn on ambient display: A feature of Android Wear and Motorola devices, it's now on Android Nougat by default. Head into Settings > Display and you'll be able to glance at monochrome notifications. Turn on Night Light: When reading your phone in the evening, the last thing you want is harsh, blue light from your phone screen glaring in to your eyes. To turn on Night Light, giving it a more yellow/warm tone, go to Settings > Display and choose the Night Light. Schedule Night Light: While you can turn on the Night Light manually, it may be more beneficial and less of a chore to schedule it. Simply tap "turn on automatically" and choose the days and times you want, and it’ll come on automatically. Or, you can set it to change by sunrise and sunset times. Play Pixel Android Nougat easter egg: Nougat's Easter Egg is a little different to previous Flappy Bird style games. Instead, you've got to try and catch a cat by selecting a tasty treat. Head into Settings > About phone/tablet > Android version. Then tap the Android version repeatedly until it changes to the Android N screen. Once you have the full Android "N" logo visible, tap repeatedly, then press and hold, then you should see a little cat icon appear on the screen. Watch the video below to see an overview on how to play the game. Search settings: Rather than rooting through everything, you can search the settings. Just open up the Settings menu and hit the magnifying glass and type what you're looking for. Search Google for onscreen info: In other phones, this is called Now on Tap, in the Pixel, it has been integrated in to the Assistant. Press and hold the home button to launch Google Assistant on any screen that has objects/text on it, then swipe up on the card border that appears at the bottom of the chat. Assistant will then offer various services to search for that information, videos or locations with. Find the Google Settings: There was previously an app to handle Google settings, in Nougat this is now in the main Settings menu. This is where you'll find settings for accounts and services, backup, and transferring content to a nearby device. Use the native file explorer: There's a file explorer in Android. Head to Settings > Storage and scroll to the bottom of the list. Tap Explore and you can view folders, open files, delete and share. Google Pixel Moves tips Android has had a number of features launch-able by gesture for a few years now. With the Google Pixel, and Android 7.1 Nougat, those get their own "Moves" section within the main settings app. Just head to Settings > Moves, and check out the three options available. Swipe for notifications: With this option switched on, you can swipe downwards on your Pixel Imprint sensor and it'll drop down the notifications from the top of your screen. Swipe it again and you'll get quick settings. Jump to camera: This feature isn't entirely new, but when switched on, you can double-click the power/sleep button from any screen and launch the camera app. Flip camera: Another camera related one, and when activated you can switch in and out of selfie mode with a quick double-twist of the phone. In previous years, this gesture would launch the camera, so it's been tweaked a little. Google Pixel exclusive features explored: A cut above the rest of Android? Google Pixel apps tips and tricks Since phone screen sizes have been on the increase, it makes sense to make better use of that real estate. Along with a number of other additions, you can now have two apps running side-by-side on the same screen. You also get the same granular controls on apps that you got in Android Marshmallow. Split-screen multitasking: Android Nougat is the first version of the OS to feature built-in split-screen multitasking. You can activate it a number of ways (as detailed in the video below), but the easiest is just to press and hold the recent apps button. You can also reposition where the split appears onscreen. Switch quickly between recent apps: From any screen, you can quickly switch back and forth between the two most recent apps by double tapping the recent apps button. Stop adding new app icons to home screen: If you don't want newly installed apps cluttering up your home screen, head into Play Store > Settings and uncheck the "Add icon to Home screen" box. Enable fingerprint authentication: You can use the Pixel Imprint sensor to authenticate Google Play purchases with your fingerprint. Simply head to the Play Store > Settings, check the relevant box and confirm by typing in your password. Clear all apps from your recent memory: Tap the recent apps button to see all the apps running, scroll to the top of the screen and choose "clear all". Add Yahoo! Mail or Exchange to Gmail: You can add Yahoo!, Exchange or other mail services to Gmail. Tap the icon to open the sidebar, scroll all the way to the bottom and hit Settings > Add account. You have the option for Google, IMAP/POP3 services (like Yahoo, Outlook.com) and Exchange. Attach anything to Gmail: Tap the attachment button and you can attach local files, things in Drive, Photos, Dropbox files, OneDrive box and so on. It's really flexible. Customise Google Now: Go to your Google Now screen and access the sidebar menu. Find settings and use it to customise which cards appear, what language you use as well as privacy settings. Change the default app: Android lets you decide which is the default app, if you have more than one that will do the same thing. In Settings > Apps, hit the settings cog in the top corner. Here you'll see a list of defaults you can change. Control app permissions: Nougat, like Marshmallow did, lets you manage all the permissions for each app on an individual basis. Go to Apps and select the app and hit Permissions. This will let you toggle permissions on and off, so you can disable location access, for example. Android 7.0 Nougat review: Subtle but super-sweet OS update Google Pixel notifications and volume tips and tricks Notification fine-tuning has been ramped up a notch with Nougat. It's no longer a case of just having priority or non-priority, but you also get to choose which exact level of priority an application should have, as well as replying directly from a notification. Turn on the notifications light: The normal flashing notifications LED is turned off on the Pixel by default. To switch it on, head into Settings > Notifications and hit the cog in the top right. Here you'll find the option to "pulse notification light". Enable power notifications: Go to System UI Tuner in your settings (having enabled it using the method near the top of this article) and choose other > Power notification controls. On the next screen switch the toggle to the on position. Once enabled you can fine-tune the priority level of any app's notification. Direct reply: With Android Nougat, you can direct reply from any app that has this feature built in. Swipe down on any notification card and if there's a "reply" option, hit it and type away without leaving the screen. This works for loads of apps, including Hangouts, WhatsApp and Messenger. Quickly switch to vibrate alerts: If you want silence, but are after vibration alerts still, then push the volume button and tap the bell on the pop-up. This will switch to vibrate. Turn down media volume: Hit the volume up or down button, and the volume slider will appear. Tap the down arrow on the right-hand side, and you can change the ringer, media or alarm volumes. Engage Do not Disturb: Swipe down Quick Settings and tap the Do Not Disturb button. This gives you the option to have total silence, alarms only, or priority only. You can choose if this is for a time period, or until you turn it off. Schedule Do not Disturb: Swipe down Quick Settings then press and hold the Do Not Disturb button. Choose Automatic Rules and customise which times the Do not Disturb feature should activate automatically. To mark an app as a Priority app: Head into Settings > Apps. Tap on the app you want. In Notifications you get app controls, and you can set an app as a priority so you always get notifications from that app. To turn off notifications on an app: Go to Settings > Apps > Tap on the app you want. In Notifications you can block all notifications for any app on your device. To turn off peeking on an app: Go to Settings > Apps > Tap on the app you want. In Notifications you can turn off peeking, so you don't get a toast notification for that app. Instant access to lock screen notifications: Just tap a notification twice and it will open up the app. Want to dismiss it? Just swipe it away. Expand stacked notifications: Got a stack of notifications? You can drag down to expand them, both on the lock screen and in the notifications area. Hide sensitive information in lock screen notifications: You can have lock screen notifications without too much information being revealed. Head to Settings > Notifications and tap the cog in the top right. This will give you a menu option called "On the lock screen". You can then select the option you want. You're also given this option during setup.  Each individual app also has lock screen controls, so in Settings > Apps, tap the app you want. You'll find the option under "On the lock screen" again. This will enable you to turn off lock screen notifications for a specific app, but not others. Pocket-lint Google Pixel: Assistant tips One of Google's big plays with the Pixel is Google Assistant. This is an evolution of the voice-control options presented by the Ok Google hot word and the smart personal offering of Google Now. Here's some top tips to get you started with Google Assistant, but if you want more, we have a comprehensive breakdown of Google Assistant tips in a separate feature. Access Google Assistant: A long press on the home button will activate Google Assistant and take you through to the interface where you can talk to, or type to interact with Assistant. You will also be served results that you can tap to get more information, or to move through to over apps. Turn on the Ok Google hot word: If you want to use voice, you'll have to turn it on and register your Ok Google voice. The best way to do this is to open Google Assistant (as above) and tap the menu in the top right corner, open Settings. You'll see "Ok Google" detection in the next page, to get you started. Open an app with Google Assistant: Simply say "Ok Google, open Netflix" and it will open Netflix or any other app. It's smart too, as for some apps, Assistant can navigation content within them - like watching a specific show on Netflix, or playing a specific artist on Spotify. I'm feeling lucky: If you're looking for Google Assistant's Easter Egg, trying saying "I'm feeling lucky". This will take you to a crazy trivia quiz that's loads of fun. View photos of dogs, babies, cars: Google Assistant ties closely into other Google apps, especially Photos. If you have photos in your account of specific things, Google Assistant can find them. Try asking to see photos of your dog, and you'll get photos of your dog. Make sure, however, that your Google Assistant account is the same as the Photos account, for this cross-pollination to work. Android Assistant tips and tricks: Master your Android assistant Google Pixel Quick Settings tips Quick settings were good before, now they're even better. There are more options and there's far greater customisation. Manage Quick tiles: In Android 7.1 you can manage the order of the quick settings tiles by dropping down the usual shade from the top of the screen and hitting "edit". Now you can re-order, and even add new quick access toggles for things like Google Cast, Night Light, data saver and such. Enable Night Light: Using the method above, add the Night Light tile to your quick settings tiles. Once it's there, just tap to activate it or press and hold to access night mode settings to customise. Enable data saver: Just like above, you can add the data saver toggle to your quick tiles. In essence it helps you limit how much of your data the phone consumes by limiting how much data apps use in the background. Quickly select a Wi-Fi network: Swipe down for Quick Settings, then click the network name beneath the Wi-Fi icon. This takes you through to the Wi-Fi settings. Quickly manage Bluetooth: The same applies to Bluetooth. Click beneath the Bluetooth icon in Quick Settings and you'll head into settings to select your device. Turn on torch/flashlight: There's no need for a separate app, just tap the button in Quick Settings to turn on your flash as a torch. Or just say "Ok Google, turn on torch/flashlight" and it will turn on. Cast your screen: Want your Android device on your TV? Just swipe down and tap Cast screen and it will be sent to your Chromecast. If it's not there, add the Cast tile to your Quick Settings using the method mentioned above. Not all apps are supported though. Google Pixel battery tips and tricks Having brought Android Marshmallow's Doze mode across - and enhanced it - Nougat is already great at conserving energy, but now it's even easier to get a picture of what your battery is doing and how you can optimise its use further. See your battery percentage: Open Quick Settings with a two-finger swipe. Your battery percentage is displayed in the quick settings screen. Tap the icon to see a more detailed overview. Time till fully charged: Charge time is displayed when connected to a charger. Look at the bottom of the lock screen and in the battery status screen, but it takes a little while for Android to calculate how long charging will take. If you're fast charging, it will say "charging rapidly”. See what's eating battery: Swipe down Quick Settings, tap the battery icon and tap "more settings". You'll go to the battery status page and see how long you have left and what apps are eating your battery. Turn on battery saver: Drop down the Quick Settings, tap the battery icon and toggle Battery saver to the on position. If you want to set it up to switch on automatically when it hits 5 per cent or 15 per cent, hit "more settings" and tap the battery saver option at the top of the screen. Google Pixel multiple user tips Whether you want to add new user profiles or make it easier to get to your emergency information, Nougat has you covered. Add emergency information: Go to Settings > Users then select Emergency Information. Here you can add contact details, medical conditions and any medication you're currently taking. Guest profile: In the same area (Settings > Users) you can create a Guest profile. While it is setup, you'll get the option to access as a guest from the lock screen. See how much storage they're using: If you want to know how much space is being used up by another profile, head into Settings > Storage. At the bottom of the list it says how much other profile and the guest is using. Pocket-lint Google Pixel camera tips The camera app in Android 7.1 on the Pixel is far simpler and more intuitive to use than many other camera apps. There are a few things worth looking at, however, that aren't obvious from the very beginning. Switch on 4K video recording: By default, Google Pixel records video in 1080p resolution. In the camera app, access the side menu by tapping the three lines in the top corner, choose settings and scroll down to "Back camera video resolution". Slow motion video: Access the side menu again, and choose "Slow motion" from the list of familiar photo modes. These include panorama, lens blur and Photo Sphere. Manually change exposure: Although there's no full manual mode, you can manually adjust exposure in any scene. Simply tap the area you want to focus on, then you'll see a slider appear on the right side of the screen. Sliding up brightens the scene, down darkens it. Manually adjust white balance: Pixel sometimes has a tendency of getting white balance wrong. In the camera app, tap the thermometer icon at the top of the screen and choose the preset that best suits your lighting. Shoot burst photos: To shoot a really fast burst of photos, just press and hold the shutter button on the screen. Lock the focus and exposure: Called AF/AE lock, this feature will mean that things stay in the same focal point and exposure, even when the subject changes. It's idea for video consistency or more deliberate shots. Just tap as you would to focus and keep pressing. You'll see the circle around your finger fill and go solid, then you're AF/AE locked. Google Pixel Security tips Manage fingerprints: Head into Security > Pixel Imprint and you'll be able to add or remove fingerprints that will unlock your device. A pro tip is to register fingers on both hands so you can unlock your phone with whichever hand you have free. Bluetooth unlock: Again in Security > Smart Lock, you have the option to nominate trusted devices, so your Android will unlock when connected to something else. You can nominate Bluetooth devices (like your smartwatch or car Bluetooth) or select an NFC tag. Google Pixel keyboard and language tips Typing should always be easy and personally tuned to your needs, and with Nougat on the Pixel, that's even easier thanks to the ability to support multiple languages and customise the keyboard. Add multiple languages: Go to settings then languages & input, tap languages and then "add a language". There are dozens of languages available to use (including Welsh). Change themes: Head to Settings>Languages & input>Virtual keyboard, then select Google keyboard at the top of the page. Select theme and choose one of the available colours or just add your own image as a background. Toggle the key border if you want one. Enable one-handed mode: When the keyboard is onscreen, tap and hold the return key. Select the icon that looks like a hand holding a phone. Switch the keyboard to the left side of the screen by tapping the chevron on the left side. Change keyboard height: Once again in the virtual keyboard settings, select the Google keyboard and choose Preferences. Find Keyboard height in the list and adjust the slider until the keyboard is at your required height. Sections Google Android Phones Mobile World Congress 2017: Nokia, Sony, Huawei, smartphones and more When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7: What's the rumoured difference? Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: What's the story so far? Huawei P10 vs Huawei P9: What's the rumoured difference? A budget Blackberry could be on the way, but with a catch Mobile World Congress 2017: Nokia, Sony, Huawei, smartphones and more Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7: What's the rumoured difference? What is Bluetooth 5 and what does it offer? Google Pixel 2: What do we want to see? Huawei P10: What's the story so far? Motorola Moto G5 and G5 Plus: Specs, release date and rumours LG G6: What's the story so far? 7 best encrypted messaging apps for all the Edward Snowdens out there Toyota GT86 (2017) review: Coupe a load of that Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: What's the story so far? Best compact system cameras 2017: The best mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras available to buy today Best compact cameras 2017: The best pocket cameras available to buy today Best DSLR cameras 2017: The best interchangeable lens cameras available to buy today Huawei P10 vs Huawei P9: What's the rumoured difference? Nintendo Switch vs PS4 vs Xbox One: Which should you choose? What PS4 Pro games are 4K HDR ready? The complete list of optimised games Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google Pixel not so great: There are plenty of better business phones – ZDNet Posted on January 20, 2017 by ZDNet After nearly two months with the Google Pixel XL, mine’s going back up on Swappa tonight. The Google Pixel has an excellent camera, the battery gets you through a day, and it gets the latest Android updates quickly. Still Looking For The Google Pixel XL? You Can Buy One At Amazon, But For $1500Tech Times Does Android One have any chance at success in the United States?Android Police Ads for Google products topped Google search results 91 percent of the timeRecode Computerworld -Gotta Be Mobile -TechSpot -AppleInsider (press release) (blog) all 103 news articles …read more wrote 25636 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines – Business Insider 4 best iOS.3 features coming soon – CNET Alexa Is Causing Some Users Problems Because Of Its Name – Android Headlines Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week – TechCrunch Apple CEO Tim Cook Talks Tech and Economy With Utah Senator Orrin Hatch – Mac Rumors Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics Science Entertainment Pictures Investigations Brexit More Telegraph News Debrett's 500 List: Digital & Social Credit: Getty Images 20 January 2017 • 12:00pm An in-depth look at the most influential people in... Digital and Social Alice Bentinck, MBE, Co-founder, Entrepreneur First, 30 Alice Bentinck co-founded 'company builder' Entrepreneur First with Matt Clifford in 2011 and it is now a leading start-up accelerator, having created over 100 tech start-ups in London and Singapore. The duo also set up Code First: Girls, a free coding course for female students and graduates, as part of their offerings in support of entrepreneurs. Prior to founding EF, Bentinck worked as a consultant at McKinsey for two years. She has received a number of accolades and was appointed MBE in 2016 for her services to business.  Jo Bertram, Regional General Manager, Northern Europe, Uber, 34 Jo Bertram joined Uber in 2013, just a year after it launched in London, and has since introduced it to 15 other UK cities and towns as well as Denmark, Norway, Finland and Sweden. The controversial company has had to contend with protests from traditional London cabbies as well as Uber drivers themselves over pay and employment terms, but its users in London alone now number around 2 million. Bertram has said that Uber's success comes down to a triumph of logic over sentiment. She worked for Accenture and McKinsey prior to Uber. About | Uber Matt Brittin, President, EMEA Business and Operations, Google, 48 Heading up Google's operations in its largest market outside of the US, Matt Brittin is also lead spokesperson on controversial issues such as privacy, copyright and corporation tax. He has been credited with uniting the company's technical and sales teams in the UK, delivering a huge increase in revenues from UK customers to £4.6 billion. He joined Google as director of sales in 2007 from Trinity Mirror, prior to which he was a consultant at McKinsey. A keen athlete, Brittin cycled from Lands End to John O'Groats in 2011 and he also rowed for GB in the 1988 Olympics. Matt Brittin Credit: Getty Images Eileen Burbidge, MBE, Partner, Passion Capital and Chair, Tech City UK, 45 Venture capitalist Eileen Burbidge is one of three founding partners at Passion Capital, the go-to source of investment for tech entrepreneurs. In 2015 Burbidge was made a special envoy for fintech by George Osborne as part of a plan to drive the UK’s productivity and see it become a leading centre for financial innovation, and she is also chair of Tech City, the government-backed organisation supporting the UK’s digital economy. Burbidge studied Computer Science at the University of Illinois and worked for top technology firms including Palmsource, Yahoo and Skype, prior to founding Passion Capital. Eileen Burbidge with David Cameron in 2015 Credit: Getty Images Tanya Burr, Fashion and Beauty Vlogger and Author, 27 Tanya Burr has been vlogging about fashion, beauty and baking since 2009, and her YouTube channel now has over 3.6 million subscribers. Burr’s down-to-earth videos, which feature make-up tutorials and document her daily life with husband and fellow vlogger Jim Chapman, have attracted sponsorship from companies such as Mars and Asos. Burr grew up in Norwich and, having completed a make-up course, worked on a beauty counter in a department store. In 2016 she published recipe book Tanya Bakes, a follow-up to her first book, Love, Tanya, which documented her journey to self-confidence. Tanya Burr Credit: Getty Images Gerard Grech, CEO, Tech City UK, 44 Tech City was set up by David Cameron in 2010 to support the East London technology firms making up the so-called Silicon Roundabout. It has since grown to work throughout the UK, offering support such as training programmes, advice and advocacy to digital entrepreneurs nationwide. Tech City recently secured a relaxation in visa application rules for for non-EU tech specialists to address a shortage of skilled coders in the UK. Gerard Grech has been CEO since 2014, having come to the tech sector via acoustic engineering. He began his career writing about music before completing an MBA and working for Orange in Paris. Felix Kjellberg, Gaming Vlogger, 27 Better known as PewDiePie, Swedish-born Felix Kjellberg is the world’s pre-eminent gaming vlogger, whose channel has been the most subscribed on YouTube since 2013, with a current subscriber figure standing at almost 50 million. A year ago it became the first channel to exceed 10 billion views from gamers who tune in to Kjellberg's 'Let's Play' commentary on video games such as McPixel and Surgeon Simulator. Kjellberg now lives in Brighton and his first book, a parody of self-help titles published by Penguin, became a New York Times young adult paperback bestseller. Felix Kjellberg Credit: Getty Images KSI, YouTube Personality, 23 Watford-born Olajide Olatunji, or KSI, is a rapper, actor and YouTube personality whose subscribers number almost 15 million, making his the second most popular UK channel only behind OneDirection's. His YouTube videos, which consist mainly of play and commentary on football video game FIFA, were estimated by Forbes to have earned him somewhere in the region of $4.5 million, while his music career has seen him reach number 7 in the UK R&B charts with the single Lamborghini. In 2016 he starred in the film Laid in America with fellow YouTuber Caspar Lee and he was named Vlogger of the Year at the 2016 NME Awards. Janine Gibson, Editor-in-chief, Buzzfeed, 44 Janine Gibson moved to Buzzfeed in 2015 from the Guardian, where she had been deputy editor and editor-in-chief of guardian.co.uk. Gibson led the Guardian team that won a Pulitzer for helping Edward Snowden blow the whistle on NSA surveillance, and her experience will support Buzzfeed's objective to become as renowned for breaking news as it is for its humorous quizzes and lists (dubbed 'listicles'). In 2016 Gibson turned down the Jeremy Corbyn 'traingate' story that the Guardian subsequently – and somewhat erroneously – broke. Baroness Lane-Fox of Soho, CBE, Digital Champion, 43 Since 2009, lastminute.com co-founder Martha Lane Fox has been the UK government's digital champion, promoting the socio-economic benefits of a digitally-literate society. In 2016 she scored a significant victory when the government announced that free training in basic digital skills would be given to any adults who needed it in a bid to make the UK the most digitally skilled nation in the world. Lane Fox also chairs digital skills charity Go ON UK, as well as the 3D toy printing firm Makie Labs, and joined the board of Twitter in 2016. She is chancellor of the Open University and joined the House of Lords as a cross bencher in 2013, becoming its youngest female member.  Baroness Lane-Fox of Soho, CBE, Digital Champion Credit: Getty Images  James McClure, General Manager, Northern Europe, AirBnB James McClure oversees operations for popular homesharing site AirBnB in Northern Europe. The company is developing plans to extend its travel offerings with a flight-booking service, and recently announced plans to restrict hosts and landlords to three month lets amid concerns that it was contributing to London's housing crisis. McClure was previously a senior executive at Google, working in London, Australia and Singapore.  Nicola Mendelsohn, CBE, Vice President, EMEA, Facebook Credit: Getty Images Nicola Mendelsohn, CBE, Vice President, EMEA, Facebook, 45 Manchester-born Nicola Mendelsohn wields huge digital influence as the head of Facebook’s operations in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. With a background in advertising at BBH, Grey and Karmarama, Mendelsohn joined Facebook in 2013 and is its most senior employee outside the US. Mendelsohn was appointed to Sadiq Khan’s business advisory board in 2016 and recently announced that Facebook would increase its London staff by 50% to 1500 in 2017. She is an advocate of work-life balance and flexibility for working mothers, and has worked a four-day week since the first of her four children was born. Meet the women shaping the internet Kathryn Parsons, Founder, Decoded, 34 As co-founder and co-CEO of Decoded, Kathryn Parsons works to improve digital literacy, most notably through the company’s Code in a Day course. The course teaches programming languages such as HTML, JavaScript and CSS, enabling participants to build their own app, and is now delivered to employees of hundreds of companies including Google, the BBC and Facebook. Decoded has branches in New York and Singapore, as well as several pop-up locations. Parsons studied Classics at university and can speak Mandarin, Japanese, Italian and French in addition to the programming languages in which she aims to school the world. Jon Reynolds and Dr Ben Medlock, Co-founders, Swiftkey ‘Clairvoyant keyboard’ Swiftkey uses artificial technology to predict what mobile users are trying to type. It was set up by Cambridge graduates Jon Reynolds and Ben Medlock in 2008 with a third co-founder, Chris Hill-Scott, who gave up his share in the business the same year. Swiftkey technology is now used by smartphone manufacturers on more than 300 million devices and in 2014 it was part of a project to improve Stephen Hawking’s communication system. CEO Reynolds and CTO Medlock have won numerous awards and in 2016 Swiftkey was sold to Microsoft for $250 million. 33 best Android apps you should download right now Justine Roberts, Founder, Mumsnet, 49 Justine Roberts launched Mumsnet in 2000 after a disastrous holiday compelled her to share her experience with other mums. The site now receives more than 9 million unique visitors per month seeking a supportive environment in which to discuss issues such as pregnancy, miscarriage, postnatal depression, parenting and sex. It has also launched several high profile campaigns, including Let Girls Be Girls, which spoke out against the sexualisation of young girls. After studying at Oxford, Roberts worked in the City and as a journalist before founding Mumsnet. In 2011 she set up sister site Gransnet, geared towards the over-50s. In brief | Mumsnet Baroness Shields, OBE, Minister for Internet Safety and Security, 54 Joanna Shields took up her current post within the government following the 2015 general election, and her responsibilities include making the internet a safer place for children and working to remove extremist content online. Prior to her appointment, she was a digital adviser to the Prime Minister and CEO of Tech City UK, leading efforts to develop the UK's digital economy. Her career began in Silicon Valley, and she worked for 25 years helping build technology companies, including as CEO of Bebo and vice-president and managing director at Facebook EMEA. She was appointed a life peer in 2014. Baroness Shields (right) with Arianna Huffington and Boris Johnson Credit: Getty Images Dominic Smales, Founder and CEO, Gleam Futures, 44 Dom Smales is the founder and CEO of Gleam Futures, the talent agency that represents the stars of new media. With a client roster including Zoe Sugg, Tanya Burr and Alfie Deyes, ‘Team Gleam’ manages individuals who have built audiences and influence through social platforms, securing sponsorship, advertising, book and merchandising deals – though Smales claims they turn down 95% of pitches. Smales worked for a production company that created digital content before leaving to start Gleam in 2010, and his first clients were Pixiwoo, sisters from Norwich who deliver online make-up tutorials. Zoe Sugg, Beauty, Fashion and Lifestyle Vlogger, 26 26-year-old social media phenomenon Zoe 'Zoella' Sugg gives fashion and beauty tips, make-up tutorials and regular life updates to millions of YouTube subscribers and followers on Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat. Sugg first set up her blog in 2009 and it gained a following from the outset, prompting her to launch a YouTube channel the same year. Her loyal fans and staggering selling power earned her more than a million pounds in advertising and sponsorship in the last year, and she is also a published author: her debut novel, Girl Online, became the fastest-selling book of 2014, and her second, Girl Online On Tour, followed a year later. Zoe Sugg, Beauty, Fashion and Lifestyle Vlogger Credit: Rex Claire Valoti, General Manager, Snap Inc UK In 2016 Claire Valoti left Facebook to head up Snapchat's new UK office. Founded in 2011, Snapchat allows users to share temporary images and videos, and in 2016 it launched its Spectacles, a wearable gadget that can record up to 10 seconds of video. Its London office currently has 40 employees, but recently advertised around 20 new vacancies. Valoti was previously director of agency partnerships at Facebook, a background which may indicate the platform's ambition to monetise through advertising revenue.  Jimmy Wales, Co-founder, Wikipedia, 50 As co-founder of online encyclopaedia Wikipedia, Jimmy Wales has unparalleled influence over the information accessed by the public every day. A recent fundraising drive by the site achieved its aim of raising $25 million, which it claims will support its independence by side-stepping advertising. Wales first became ‘addicted’ to the internet during the early ’90s when he worked for an options and trading firm in Chicago, and began writing code in his spare time. He set up Wikipedia in 2001 and also founded profit-making company Wikia, a website hosting a collection of ‘wikis’ on various subjects. 3 Minutes With | Jimmy Wales For a full index of the Debrett's 500 list, click here. Follow Telegraph News READ MORE ABOUT: Make Up Facebook Jimmy Wales YouTube Microsoft Uber Internet Wikipedia Show more News latest 28 Jan 2017, 12:49am Anger as Melania Trump featured on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover amid crisis over border wall 28 Jan 2017, 12:23am English Heritage faces High Court battle over plans to dig underneath medieval tower to add visitor centre 27 Jan 2017, 11:56pm Big game-hunting Harley Street doctor jailed after faking invoices worth almost £200,000  27 Jan 2017, 11:42pm 'Look what happens when Melania dances with a Hispanic' 27 Jan 2017, 11:33pm Berlin mayor pleads with Donald Trump not to build wall with Mexico 27 Jan 2017, 11:22pm Who will Donald Trump nominate for the Supreme Court? Runners and riders 27 Jan 2017, 11:07pm Donald Trump announces vetting measures to 'keep terrorists out of the United States' 27 Jan 2017, 10:59pm Who is Nikki Haley, America's next ambassador to the United Nations? 18:10 27 Jan 2017, 10:48pm Live Donald Trump tells Theresa May: 'Brexit is going to be a wonderful thing for your country' as two leaders hold hands at White House 01:25 27 Jan 2017, 10:45pm When is Chinese New Year 2017 - the year of the Rooster? 27 Jan 2017, 10:20pm Theresa May and Donald Trump prove opposites can attract as UK and US leaders usher in new era of special relationship  27 Jan 2017, 10:00pm 'Serious public debate' needed on soldier mercy killings, Frederick Forsyth says 27 Jan 2017, 10:00pm Stressed GPs to be offered therapy to prevent burnout as pressures mount 27 Jan 2017, 9:52pm Vladimir Putin summons top advisors ahead of call with Donald Trump  Gallery 27 Jan 2017, 9:43pm Gallery: Celebrity Big Brother 2017: Jedward join James Jordan and Callum Best in the house 27 Jan 2017, 9:40pm 'We are taking names': Donald Trump's ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley warns opponents of US policy 27 Jan 2017, 9:30pm Prince Charles complains Brexit 'obsession' has stifled debate on Christian persecution 27 Jan 2017, 9:30pm Mystery death of ex-KGB chief linked to MI6 spy's dossier on Donald Trump 27 Jan 2017, 9:00pm Government sat on database of 270,000 scam victims for two years without helping them 27 Jan 2017, 8:45pm Comment: No, £146 per patient is not enough: it’s time for GPs to charge fees Prit Buttar 27 Jan 2017, 8:34pm Comment: Theresa May and Donald Trump confer legitimacy on each other Tim Stanley Premium If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Actually, Android IS optimized – Gary explains Featuresby Gary Sims1 week ago 122 2057 39 One of the comments I see repeatedly beneath my “Gary explains” videos is, “but Android isn’t optimized.” This is especially true if the video is about performance or mentions iOS in any way. At the root of this comment is the idea that Apple devices are highly optimized because Apple controls the hardware, the software and the ecosystem.  Whereas Android is perceived to be a jumble of components from a disparate group of manufacturers and OEMs. Surely, Apple’s solution must be better optimized? Somewhere lurking behind the whole optimization thing is a latent need for some people to explain why it seems that Apple products are perceived to be “better” (by some) and why (at the moment) Apple is winning the performance race. If only Android was better optimized then all their problems and insecurities would go away. The first thing we need to recognize is that this idea actually has its foundations in the battle between the Mac and PC. It was the same then. Apple controlled the hardware and the software, as a result (according to Apple) “it just works.” Whereas Microsoft only controlled the software, the hardware came from Dell, HP, IBM, whoever. And inside those Dell, HP, IBM, whatever PCs was a CPU from either Intel or AMD, a GPU from either ATI (now AMD) or NVIDIA, a hard disk from etc. Apple used this idea in its marketing campaigns. And to some extend it was actually true. The last 20 years of Windows was all about the right drivers and the dreaded blue screen of death. Fast forward to today and we have a similar situation. Apple controls the hardware and the software for the iPhone (just like the Mac) but Android is akin to Windows and the PC. Google provides the OS, but the hardware comes from a large group of OEMS including Samsung, Sony, LG, HTC, even Google itself. The SoCs come from Qualcomm, Samsung, MediaTek, Huawei. The CPUs in the SoCs come from ARM, Qualcomm or Samsung, while the GPUs come from either ARM or Qualcomm, etc. When you also consider that Android smartphones come in a huge variety from sub $150 low-end phones with small screens, under powered CPUs and little storage to premium flagship devices with price tags 4 or 5 times higher than those at the low-end. This means that, if you pick the wrong device, it is easy to get a bad Android experience. But is it true? No. Android is optimized and I can prove it! Java vs C The default language for Android is Java. It is a fact that Java apps are slower than apps written in C/C++ that are compiled to native machine code, however the real-world speed difference isn’t very much as a typical app spends more time waiting for user input or waiting for network traffic than actually doing any intensive calculations. If you want to know more about the speed difference between Java and C then please see Java vs C app performance – Gary explains.   The first rung on the “Android isn’t optimized” ladder is the idea that iOS apps are faster because they don’t use Java. Taking into account what I just said about “real-world speed”, it is also worth noting that large parts of Android are actually written in C and not Java! Plus many (if not all) of the CPU/GPU intensive apps and games for Android are also written in C. For example anything that uses one of the popular 3D engines like Unity or the Unreal Engine will in fact be a native app and not a Java app. The conclusion? Firstly, that while Java is slower than native apps, the real-world speed difference isn’t huge. Secondly, that the Android Java VM is improving all the time and now contains some very sophisticated technology to speed up Java execution. Thirdly, that large parts of Android including the Linux kernel are written in C and not Java. Hardware acceleration The next question is this: does Apple add special instructions to its chips to speed up certain operations? Also, if it does then why doesn’t Qualcomm or Samsung. Apple holds an ARM architectural license which allows it to build ARM compatible CPUs using its own engineers and technologies. ARM require that any such CPU is 100% compatible with the relevant instruction set architecture. To verify this process ARM runs a suite of compatibility tests on their processors and the results are verified by ARM. However the tests, as far as I know, can’t and don’t check for any extra instructions, specific to just that processor. This means that theoretically if Apple found it was always performing certain types of operation then it could add hardware to its processors to perform those tasks in hardware rather than software. The idea here is that tasks performed in hardware are faster than the software equivalents. A good example is encryption. The ARMv7 instruction set did not have any instructions for performing AES encryption in hardware, all encryption had to be handled in software. However the ARMv8 instruction set architecture has special instructions for handling AES in hardware. This means that AES encryption on ARMv8 chips is much faster than those on ARMv7 chips. It is conceivable that Apple has added other instructions to its hardware that perform certain tasks in hardware and not software. However there is no proof. Analysis of the binaries produced by Apple’s public compilers and even a look at the source code compilers themselves (as they are open source) doesn’t reveal any new instructions. But that isn’t the whole story. A second way that Apple could add hardware boosts to its processors is by adding special hardware that needs to be programmed and executed in a similar way to how a processor uses a GPU or a DSP. In other words the compiler and more importantly the iOS SDK is written in such a way that certain types of functions are performed in hardware by setting up some parameters and then getting the hardware to process it. This is what happens with a GPU. An app loads its triangle information into some area of memory and tells the GPU to work on it. The same process is true for a DSP or an ISP. You can find out more here: What is a GPU and how does it work? – Gary explains. For example, and this isn’t a real world example, just an illustration, let’s imagine that Apple’s engineers discovered that the SDK was always needing to reverse a string, so that “Apple” became “elppA”. It is easy enough to do in software, but if it could make a special hardware unit that could work on buffers of say 16 bytes long and reverse them in maybe only one or two clock cycles.  Now whenever a string needs reversing it can happen in hardware in the fraction of the time. The result is that the overall performance of the processor will increase. A real world example wouldn’t be strings, but things like facial recognition, machine learning, or object detection. This means two things. First of all, the ARM architecture already has a set of complex instructions, known as NEON, which can work on data in a parallel fashion. These Single Instruction, Multiple Data (SIMD) operations use a single instruction to perform the same task, in parallel, on multiple data elements of the same type and size. Second, mobile processors already contain discrete hardware blocks that perform specialist operations: the GPU, the DSP, the ISP, etc. The conclusion? That other ARM processors including those from Qualcomm, Samsung, MediaTek and Huawei already have the ability to shift work from the software and into hardware. For example, Qualcomm provides developers with its Hexagon DSP SDK which allows apps to directly use the DSP hardware found in Snapdragon processors. Although the Hexagon DSP started out as a Digital Signal Processor, it has expanded beyond audio processing and can be used for image enhancement, augmented reality, video processing and sensors. System integration One key aspect of optimization is to ensure that the key components work well together, that the overall system is integrated. It would be pointless having a very fast GPU if the CPU communicated with it over a serial bus using slow and unoptimized drivers. The same is true of the DSP, ISP and other components. It is in the interest of SoC manufacturers like Qualcomm and CPU/GPU designers like ARM to guarantee that the software drivers needed to use their products are optimized. This works in two ways. Firstly, if ARM licenses a CPU/GPU design to a SoC manufacturer like MediaTek then the manufacturer can also license the software stack that goes with it. That way operating systems like Android can be supported by the SoC. It is in ARM’s interest and the SoC manufacturer’s interest to make sure that the software stack provided for Android is fully optimized. If it isn’t then it won’t take long for the OEMs to notice which will lead to a significant drop in sales. Secondly, if a SoC manufacturer like Qualcomm uses its own in-house CPU or GPU design then it must develop the software stack to support Android. This software stack is then made available to the smartphone OEMs that buy Qualcomm’s processors. Again, if the software stack is sub-optimal then Qualcomm will see a dip in sales. The conclusion? The bottom line is that companies like Qualcomm and ARM don’t just make hardware, they also write a lot of software! The operating system But what about Android itself, its internals, subsystems and frameworks, are they unoptimized? The simple answer is no. The reasoning is this. Android has been in development since before 2008. It has grown and matured substantially in those years, just look at the differences between Android 2.x and Android 7! It has been implemented on ARM, Intel and MIPs processors, and engineers from Google, Samsung, ARM, and many others have contributed to its success. On top of that the core of Android is open source which means the source code is available for anyone on the planet to examine it and modify it. With all those engineering eyes looking at the code then it is unlikely that there are any significant code-level optimizations that have been over looked. By code-level optimizations I mean things that can be changed in small blocks of code where slow algorithms are used or the code doesn’t have good performance characteristics. But there is also the issue of system wide optimizations, how the system is put together. When you look at Google’s track record in search and advertising, when you look at the infrastructure behind YouTube, when you consider the complexity of Google’s cloud business, it would be absurd to suggest that Google doesn’t have any engineers who know how to build an efficient system architecture. The conclusion? The Android source code and the Android system design is optimized and efficient. Wrap-up Considering everything from the SoC designs, the hardware design, the drivers, the Android OS and the engineers who put it all together, it is hard to find any justification to the idea that Android isn’t optimized. However that doesn’t mean that there isn’t room for improvement, nor does it mean that every smartphone maker will spend as much time (or money) ensuring that it has the best drivers and the highest level of system integration. So why the perception that Android isn’t optimized? I think the answer is threefold: 1) Apple has been pushing the “it just works” concept for many years and in terms of marketing it certainly seems to be a powerful message. 2) Apple is winning the performance race (at the moment) and the whole “Android isn’t optimized” thing seems to be a reaction to that. 3) There is only ever one current iPhone and that single mindedness seems to portray the idea of optimization, integration and order. Whereas the Android eco-system is vast, diverse, colorful and multifaceted and that diversity can suggest chaos and chaos suggests a lack of coherence. What do you think? Are there any reasons to think Android isn’t optimized? Please let me know in the comments below. Features Android vs iOS, Java, Gary Explains Android vs iOS, Gary Explains, Java Gary Sims Gary has been a tech writer for over a decade and specializes in open source systems. He has a Bachelor's degree in Business Information Systems. He has many years of experience in system design and development as well as system administration, system security and networking protocols. He also knows several programming languages, as he was previously a software engineer for 10 years. Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 122 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Honor 6X International Giveaway! 5 days ago2534 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Android emoji – everything you need to know 2 hours ago   Deal: Save $400 off a Moto Z with Hasselblad True Zoom Camera 4 hours ago   Squad Wars: Death Division shoots its way into the Google Play Store 5 hours ago   New & upcoming Android phones (January 2017) 5 hours ago   Two unique new games get very meta by being about smartphones 6 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf How to Choose the Right Web Programming Language to Use Programming How to Choose the Right Web Programming Language to Use Moe Long Get the New Google Pixel Features on Any Phone Android Get the New Google Pixel Features on Any Phone Christian Cawley Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: You Need to Update These Google Apps Right Now Android You Need to Update These Google Apps Right Now Dave Parrack January 20, 2017 20-01-2017 1 minute You Need to Update These Google Apps Right Now Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Advertisement Google has issued a warning that older versions of some of its apps will stop working in a few months. Anyone running older versions of Google Drive, Google Docs, Google Sheets, and Google Slides will have to upgrade to newer versions in order to keep using the apps. Google Drive and its fellow G Suite apps, Google Docs, Google Sheets, and Google Slides, are insanely popular. Millions of people use these apps on a daily basis, whether at home or at work, and across various platforms, including Android and iOS Apple vs. Android: Buy the Ecosystem, Not the Gadget Apple vs. Android: Buy the Ecosystem, Not the Gadget You love your Android phone and want to buy a tablet. Everyone tells you the iPad is the best tablet, and it really is the best; but you should still buy an Android tablet. Read More . However, despite this popularity, not everyone is running the latest versions of these apps. Which wouldn’t normally be a problem, except that Google is now shutting down older versions. These Apps Will Stop Working Soon The following versions of Google Drive, Google Docs, Google Sheets, and Google Slides for Android and iOS will shut down on April 3, 2017: For Android: Google Drive for Android (prior to version 2.4.311) Google Docs for Android (prior to version 1.6.292) Google Sheets for Android (prior to version 1.6.292) Google Slides for Android (prior to version 1.6.292) For iOS: Advertisement Google Drive for iOS (prior to version 4.16) Google Docs for iOS (prior to version 1.2016.12204) Google Sheets for iOS (prior to version 1.2016.12208) Google Slides for iOS (prior to version 1.2016.12203) In preparation for the shutdown, Google will begin prompting anyone running these soon-to-be-obsolete versions of the apps to upgrade from March 1, 2017. Are You Unable to Upgrade? Some people will have failed to stay up-to-date with these apps out of sheer laziness. While others may be unable to upgrade to the latest versions because of hardware constraints Buying A New Smartphone? How To Understand The Hardware Specs Buying A New Smartphone? How To Understand The Hardware Specs There was once a time when buying a cell phone was like buying a CD player. Over time, however, phones have become miniature computers – and the specifications are nearly as complex as a PC's. Read More . The former can simply upgrade when prompted to do so. However, the latter may not have that option. It should be noted that this shutdown will not affect corresponding web and desktop applications, which will continue functioning as normal. Do you use Google Drive, Google Docs, Google Sheets, or Google Slides? Do you know what version you have installed on your Android or iOS? Are you going to be able to upgrade in time to avoid losing access to these apps? Please let us know in the comments below! Previous PostThe Original iPhone Is Now Dead Because AT&TNext PostMeitu Goes Viral Despite Security Concerns 11 comments Write a Comment Donna C January 25, 2017 at 3:19 am What if you use Google Drive on a laptop? Is there a way to find out which version are using? Thanks so much for your help. Donna C Reply Spuffler January 24, 2017 at 4:47 am When Google says 'New! Free! Come!' there are always problems: -Gmail filters which randomly stop working and support forums do not garner Google responses, -Picasaweb only gave me back reduced sizes of my stored photos when they told me they were 'shutting it down get your pictures now' (no matter that they freely transferred the reduced size photos for me to Google Photos - reduced is reduced), -the Google Docs user interface is now overloaded with bluespace... With Google, long term support is not really a strong suit; unless they find a new way to twist it. Reply Kelsey Tidwell January 23, 2017 at 7:24 pm I'm always eager to update Google apps in the vain hope that one day in the section where they tell you what they improved...it will actually say something informative. Reply Marla. J. Barnhart January 23, 2017 at 1:26 am I need to update. But please show me the way to go for that Please. I have iPad Air and I phone 6plus. Need your help, Reply Kelsey Tidwell January 23, 2017 at 7:21 pm On my wife's and son's Apple devices you have an indicator on the app store icon when updates are needed. You go into the app store app and simply select the affected app to update it. Reply Mr. Ro Lee January 21, 2017 at 5:49 pm I have been staying up to date with the G Suite and Drive. I let Google apps automatically update. I just look for relevant feature updates to remain in the know. Tech is changing so fast that it is about time that it starts archiving and cleaning up after itself. Reply Marla. J. Barnhart January 20, 2017 at 9:55 pm Hi I've been a google fan for years. That being said I always try to keep up to date. But app updates some updates are great where others are getting more difficult to me. Not experienced in all the latest jargon! But if you will direct me into the right way I will try to get it done. Thank you M. B. Also I have iPhone and iPad latest version is 10.2 Reply Debbie January 20, 2017 at 1:10 pm Interestingly, in my Android Apps, I have an indication to update Drive, but upon going to do so, I am met only with the option to open it; not update it. Hopefully that will change when the time comes closer. Reply Jouni "rautamiekka" Järvinen January 21, 2017 at 3:06 am Nah, I'm afraid it means the Store app detects you have incompatible hardware. But I certainly hope I'm not right. Reply Debbie January 21, 2017 at 4:21 am Interestingly, I did some searching because of your comment. Not sure if it was like this before, but I found the update button on the LEFT side! All other apps have the button on the RIGHT! That is odd!! But I also did a clear google app cache 1st, so maybe that made the update button appear? Whatever the case, I am glad that my version is now up-to-date! Thanks! Reply Ismael January 21, 2017 at 7:01 pm I think it depends on whether or not it's installed as a system app by the manufacturer. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1656 articles Dave Parrack is the Tech News and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. He hails from the UK, where he enjoys eating, drinking, and sleeping. Kinda like a cat. Advertisement Latest Giveaways ZTE Axon 7 Review ZTE Axon 7 Review Oculus Touch VR Controllers Review and Bundle Giveaway Oculus Touch VR Controllers Review and Bundle Giveaway Huawei Honor 8 Review Huawei Honor 8 Review Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Google Shuts Down Legacy Versions of Drive and Other Mobile Apps on April 3 GO Legacy versions of Google Docs and Sheets are affected Jan 20, 2017 12:03 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Some users may choose to run legacy versions of various applications on their smartphones or tablets for one reason or another, but Google has recently announced that legacy versions of some G Suite apps will shut down on April 3, 2017.   Specifically, legacy versions of Google Drive, Docs, Sheets and Slides for both Android and iOS smartphones and tablets will no longer be available. Those who use such versions are expected to update their applications to the latest version in the Play Store or App Store. Another option is to give up G Suite completely. Google Drive for Android prior to version 2.4.311 will shut down on April 3, together with Docs, Sheet and Slides for the same mobile OS prior to versions 1.6.292. On iOS, Drive app running a version earlier than 4.16 will be retired, together with Docs prior to version 1.2016.12204, Sheets prior to version 1.2016.12208, and Slides prior to version 1.2016.12203. Some users will be forced to update their apps after March 1 Google has announced that users of legacy versions will start seeing notifications for upgrading starting this month. In addition, some users running very old versions on the phones will be forced to upgrade when they receive the notification after March 1. Google didn’t mention which are these very old versions. The report also says that corresponding web and desktop applications won’t be affected by the change and Google urges its users to download and install the latest version of Docs, Drive, Sheets and Slides apps. There are many advantages to running the latest version of G Suite apps, including optimized performance and new features. For example, one of the features that Google introduced last year to apps in the G Suite is the ability to retrieve trashed files that users might have deleted accidentally or intentionally. The feature is available in Google Docs, Sheets and Slides. #Google#G Suite#Android#iOS#Drive subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Google Says Fix for Known Audio Issue Is Coming Soon to Pixel Phones Google Searches Will Be Stored Offline and Delivered When Signal Is Available Vine App Is Now Vine Camera, Available for Download Google Makes Gboard App Official, Up for Download in the Play Store New LG G6 Leaked Picture Shows Metal Frame, Thin Bezels Microsoft Releases Windows 10 Cumulative Update KB3216755 Apple in Trouble As More Buyers Get the iPhone 6s Instead of the iPhone 7 LeakedSource Website Goes Dark Shazam Adds Three App Shortcuts for Faster Song Recognition on Android Phones LG Files Patent Applications for Foldable Smartphones Alcatel to Announce Five New Smartphones During MWC 2017 Windows 10 Mobile Start Screen vs. iOS Home Screen: Beauty and the Beast    G Suite logo New Android APKs Brave Browser APK: Updated January 27th, 14:13 GMT Signal APK: Updated January 27th, 14:10 GMT PokeAlert - Notification for Pokemon GO APK: Updated January 27th, 14:08 GMT SmartThings Mobile APK: Updated January 27th, 14:07 GMT Newsroom APK: Updated January 27th, 14:03 GMT United Airlines APK: Updated January 27th, 14:01 GMT Reddit APK: Updated January 27th, 13:56 GMT Reader comments Sony Rolls Out Xperia X Concept Build with Battery Saver Mode more on: Sony i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search Google Pixel 2: What do we want to see? Chris Hall27 January 2017Phones Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment With a new year on us, we're about to head into a cycle where all the phones of the year get updated - Samsung, HTC, LG, Sony and Huawei are expected to launch new flagship devices soon, with some coming as soon as Mobile World Congress. Nokia too will be rejoining this list, and we already have a good idea about those companies plans. Heading toward the end of 2017 we'll see the update to the iPhone 8 and Google's new phone, which we'll call the Pixel 2.  We've been using the Pixel XL since launch, so here's a rundown of what we want to see and what we expect for the next Google Pixel phone. Google Pixel 2: Design Design is the thing that has probably divided people the most when it comes to the Pixel. Although the body is a high quality design, the top glass section has drawn a lot of criticism. It makes the phone a little different, making it distinctive so it sits apart from the iPhone and all of Android's metal phones. Pocket-lint This seems to be an industry problem however, where many devices look the same because, ultimately, how many ways can you design a slab which is all display on the front? The Samsung Galaxy S7 edge is perhaps the design success of 2016, being the most distinctive and unique device, but we suspect the curved display is going to become more common.  Prior to the launch of the Pixel, it was rumoured that HTC had signed up to manufacture multiple devices across the next 3 years, so they might be the hardware partner once again, and devices like the U Ultra or the future HTC Ocean flagship might be a hint at future Pixel design too. We suspect there will be a move to reduce the bezels to increase the screen to body ratio to keep the phone competitive. But the fundamental failing of the Pixel is the lack of waterproofing: with many competitors offering protection, for the price that Google is asking the Pixel 2 needs to step up with a solid IP rating. That's apparently something that was attempted for the Pixel, but eventually dropped, but there's an unconfirmed rumour that's been mentioned to 9to5Google, shared via Twitter. Little tidbit we were told in October last year that I forgot about: “Waterproofing definitely coming with next Pixel device.” — Stephen Hall (@hallstephenj) January 25, 2017 HTC Ocean: What's the story on HTC's next flagship? Google Pixel 2: Display With two Pixel models on offer giving you the choice of 5.0 or 5.5-inches, we're not really looking for a huge change. We feel that 5.5 inch size is becoming the norm. As smartphones continue to dominate as the first point of interaction in all things, this is a size that works for a lot of people, but we can't rule out an increase in size. We also wouldn't expect a shift in resolution. The 2560 x 1440 pixels offered gives you the detail when magnified in a Daydream headset, it's crisp and sharp in all things. We also think that AMOLED should remain the display of choice. Although some LCD displays are performing very well at the top level, AMOLED has impressed us the most recently. There are rumours of increasing display sizes however: the Samsung Galaxy S8 is said to come with 5.7 or 6.2-inch sizes, the LG G6 said to be 5.7-inches and both of these handsets are looking to shrink bezels to create more display space without making the body much larger. Google mey feel the Pixel 2 needs to do the same to stay competitive and this might also dictate some of the body design. Google Pixel 2: Specs and hardware When it comes to power, the current Pixel devices opted for a new chip - Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 - a step-up over most of 2016's flagship phones. Qualcomm doesn't stand still and the Snapdragon 835 is ready to surpass this and move things forward again, with rumours saying the first phones on this hardware will appear in April. We'd expect the Snapdragon 835 to feature in the Pixel 2, supported by at least 4GB of RAM. With some companies pushing to 6GB, that may be a suggestion, although we're yet to see any real demand for that sort of increase. That said, there has been talk of Google testing a couple of different chipsets from Qualcomm, Intel and even a custom chip. Rumour has it there may also be a Pixel 2B handset, which will apparently be cheaper with less powerful hardware. We'd expect storage options to start at 32GB as they currently do and as Google has avoided microSD card support, we don't think there will be any luck there. We'd expect USB Type-C as the standard moving forward, as well as a fingerprint scanner, likely on the rear, unless there are serious moves to embrace a scanner under the glass on the front. This is a technology that's already been demonstrated by Qualcomm, so it's not impossible. There's no telling what the battery capacity might be, but with 3500mAh offering the performance many want, we'd expect that sort of battery size to be crammed into the frame. Google Pixel 2: Audio and speakers The Pixel has been flagged up recently as having some problems with its speakers (although we've not suffered anything ourselves). We wouldn't expect a huge change in the speaker arrangements, we're also not convinced that Google would drop the 3.5mm headphone socket. Hopefully, that will continue to be the convention for Pixel phones. Pocket-lint Google Pixel 2: Cameras Perhaps the biggest movement in cameras at the moment is dual-lens cameras. While LG, Huawei and Apple have all embraced this trend in 2016, we're yet to see if the likes of Samsung will adopt the format too. From a competitive point of view, Google may choose to use a dual-lens camera to add customer appeal. It has been claimed the Pixel 2 will have a much improved camera, though it apparently won't be all about megapixels and more about extra features instead. The Pixel is coming from a strong place for photography, unlike the previous Nexus handsets, so we hope that continues. Dual lens smartphone cameras: The history running up to iPhone 7 Plus Google Pixel 2: Software The Pixel launched with Android 7 Nougat and a selection of exclusive features, like Google Assistant, Pixel Launcher and the Pixel camera. That unique software position is being chipped away as features appear elsewhere, but we'd expect the Pixel 2 to debut Google's new software version. Currently there's no talk about Android O or what it might bring, but we'd expect our first glance at Google I/O 2017 around May time. We'd expect things like Android's instant apps, more Google Assistant developments and more Daydream VR refinement. What are Android Instant Apps and why do they matter? Google Pixel 2: Release date Google launches its phones towards the end of the year, so we wouldn't expect to see a new device from Google until around October 2017. Before that happens, we'll have Google I/O in May which is a key date in outlining what to expect from the Google Pixel. It has been claimed the Pixel 2 will see a price increase of $50 and be aimed at a different market to the cheaper Pixel 2B that is also being talked about. One thing is clear: Google has failed to meet demand with the Pixel, so needs to think bigger with the Pixel 2. Currently there aren't many other rumours about what to expect, but that will change soon enough and we'll keep you fully updated when they do. Sections Google Phones Mobile World Congress 2017: Nokia, Sony, Huawei, smartphones and more When is Android 7.1.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Best smartphones 2017: The best phones available to buy today Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7: What's the rumoured difference? Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: What's the story so far? Huawei P10 vs Huawei P9: What's the rumoured difference? A budget Blackberry could be on the way, but with a catch Mobile World Congress 2017: Nokia, Sony, Huawei, smartphones and more Samsung Galaxy S8 vs Galaxy S7: What's the rumoured difference? What is Bluetooth 5 and what does it offer? Google Pixel 2: What do we want to see? Huawei P10: What's the story so far? Motorola Moto G5 and G5 Plus: Specs, release date and rumours LG G6: What's the story so far? 7 best encrypted messaging apps for all the Edward Snowdens out there Toyota GT86 (2017) review: Coupe a load of that Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus: What's the story so far? Best compact system cameras 2017: The best mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras available to buy today Best compact cameras 2017: The best pocket cameras available to buy today Best DSLR cameras 2017: The best interchangeable lens cameras available to buy today Huawei P10 vs Huawei P9: What's the rumoured difference? Nintendo Switch vs PS4 vs Xbox One: Which should you choose? What PS4 Pro games are 4K HDR ready? The complete list of optimised games Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts The Web Google Report shows ads for Google products appeared above competitors in 91% of searches Google said its ads appear first because of their quality and the price it is willing to pay By Rob Thubron on Jan 20, 2017, 6:08 AM 12 comments TechSpot A Wall Street Journal investigation has found that when it comes to purchasing the ad space that sits above Google Search results, Google itself is one of the biggest buyers. The company's products and those of its sister firms were found to appear in the most prominent ad positions almost every time. You’ve probably noticed how hard Google’s been pushing its Pixel smartphones since they launched last October. Ads for the handsets have been appearing everywhere, especially in the company’s Search results. The WSJ found at the time of the analysis that 99.9 percent of all searches for ‘smartphones’ and ‘phones’ brought up “three consecutive ads” from the Google Store for the Pixel phones. Google’s ads also dominated in searches for other terms. Ads for Chromebooks took the top spot 100 percent of the time when the search was for ‘laptops.’ And 98 percent of searches for ‘watches’ led with Android smartwatch ads. It was a similar story when searching for ‘smart speakers’ and ‘streaming device.’ Search-ad-data company SEMrush performed 1000 searches of 25 terms for the publication, using a desktop that blocked past browsing history. The results showed that out of all 25,000 searches, Google and its subsidiary Nest appeared in the “most prominent spot” 91 percent of the time. Google stressed that when it competes for ads, other advertisers are charged as if it wasn’t bidding, so as to not directly inflate prices. “Google said that its ads only appear atop results because of the ad’s quality and the price Google is willing to pay. Google said its house ads are also subject to marketing budgets,” the Journal explained. Responding to the story, Google parent company Alphabet gave the following statement. We have consciously and carefully designed our marketing programs to not impact the ad auction. All our bids are excluded from the auction when determining the price paid by other advertisers, and we have strict rules and processes — set to tougher levels than our customers — to govern the use of our own ads products Since the paper shared its results with Google in mid-December, many of the company’s ads have disappeared from the search results. A second analysis performed on December 22 showed that just 19 percent of the top ads spots were occupied by Google products. Google is still mired in its seven-year-long battle against EU antitrust regulators over claims it manipulated search results in order to promote its own comparison shopping services over competitors. Related Reads Leaked FTC report describes how Google abused its search monopoly and got away with it Google's latest transparency report includes examples of actual government requests Hidden data in Transparency Report source code reveals more data from Google on privacy requests 12 comments 99 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Google Pixel 2 rumors: better hardware, camera, budget model Google took down 1.7 billion bad ads in 2016, banned nearly 200 publishers over misleading content Firefighters in Dubai are using water-powered jetpacks to douse flames Popular 8 comments Resident Evil 7: Biohazard Review 16 comments Seagate will bring a 16TB hard drive to market within 18 months 30 comments Did Trump Press Secretary Sean Spicer just Tweet his passwords? 9 comments Pixel 2 rumors: better hardware, high-end camera, budget model available Load Comments 12 ... User Comments: 12 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 17 Researchers find that many Android VPNs are security hazards 30 Did Trump Press Secretary Sean Spicer just Tweet his passwords? 10 Pixel 2 rumors: better hardware, high-end camera, budget model available 70 Weekend Open Forum: How will Trump's presidency affect the tech world? 10 Weekend Open Forum: Your favorite video game genre Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Co-Sponsor Associate Sponsor Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest NewsBudget 2017GossipCompare IndiaAustralian OpenHockey League#SWAGphoneHonor6X Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Google App For Android Will Save Results in Case of Bad Connection World's Brightest Light Source Facility to be Built by China Facebook Gives Social Support, Twitter Knowledge Major Banks Attacked by Hackers in 2016, Says Russian Security Service News18 » Tech 1-min read Google App For Android Will Save Results in Case of Bad Connection AFP Relaxnews First published: January 20, 2017, 4:41 PM IST | Updated: 1 week ago Google app in Android will now save search results even in no connectivity. (REUTERS/Regis Duvignau) Google has announced that its Android app will now save search results so that going into airplane mode, or losing your connection, won't get in the way of your search. With the update, search results will be saved as soon as they are retrieved, according to a blog post by Google product manager Shekhar Sharad. Once a connection is available again, Google will deliver the search results and users can pick up where they left off. Sharad promises the feature won't drain users' batteries and has a minimal impact on data usage. To take advantage of the feature, users' Google app must be running the latest version for Android. Also read: Lenovo PHAB 2 Pro With Google Tango AR Technology Launched For Rs 29,990 Airplane Mode android google app search results Recommended For You Raees Vs Kaabil: Shah Rukh's Film Grosses More on the Opening Day Lionel Messi's First Coach Dies in Argentina Wayne Rooney Wants to Manage Teams Post Retirement Maruti Suzuki Baleno RS: All You Need to Know Before the Launch Hero Motocorp and The Viral Fever Salutes The Indian Army Soldiers - 'The Real Heroes' Of The Country About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Four Dead, One Injured in Separate Road Accidents in Delhi-NCR Nobel Peace Winner Malala 'Heartbroken' by Trump's Refugees Order I Don't Know Vladimir Putin: Donald Trump Lionel Messi's First Coach Dies in Argentina Democrats Outraged at Trump's Executive Order on Immigration Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Advertisement Edition: UK عربي (Arabi) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX Québec (En Francais) QC South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Front Page NEWS POLITICS LIFESTYLE PARENTS TECH YOUNG VOICES COMEDY ENTERTAINMENT STYLE WHAT'S WORKING BLOGS Advertisement TECH Gmail Phishing Scam Is So Convincing It's Tricking Even The Pros Do you know the warning signs? 20/01/2017 11:09 190 Thomas Tamblyn Technology editor, Huffington Post UK A Gmail phishing scam has been discovered that’s so realistic it’s even fooling people who would normally pride themselves on being security-savvy. This is the closest I've ever come to falling for a Gmail phishing attack. If it hadn't been for my high-DPI screen making the image fuzzy… pic.twitter.com/MizEWYksBh— Tom Scott (@tomscott) December 23, 2016 Discovered by a researcher at WordFence this particularly nasty scam looks real right up until the last minute making it incredibly hard to detect. In this instance the scam tricks users into handing over their Gmail login details. Of course it’s not just your Gmail login details because once the criminal has the password they can access any of your Google services including Drive, Android Pay, YouTube and more. So how does it work? You will receive an email from a colleague or friend that contains a tailored subject line that makes sense to you. There will be an attachment at the bottom that looks like either .pdf file or perhaps a document that you’re likely to open. If you click on it, rather than opening the document it’ll lead to a Google account login page, except it isn’t a Google login page at all. WordFence As you can see from the image above the deception is incredibly realistic, in fact even if you looked at the website address for the page you would see what appears to be a genuine Google URL. As you can see from the URL there are some important pieces missing, and to be honest you would only know that if you knew what you were looking for. For starters there’s no ‘https’, the signifier that the web page you’re on is secure and verified. Secondly if you look to the very far right of the URL there is in fact a long line of code. Related... This iTunes Email Scam Looks So Authentic It's Catching People Out Thousands In The UK Are Being Conned By This Devilishly Simple Email Scam Whatever You Do, Don't Install WhatsApp Gold So what happens next? Well if you were unfortunate enough to enter your login details then we’ve got some bad news, they’re now in the hands of a hacker. As one commenter on Hacker News points out, this is professional stuff. “It’s the most sophisticated attack I’ve seen. The attackers log in to your account immediately once they get the credentials, and they use one of your actual attachments, along with one of your actual subject lines, and send it to people in your contact list.” How can you protect yourself? To be quite honest there is no way for a conventional virus checker to stop you from falling for this. The only way to defend yourself is to be vigilant, if a friend or colleague sends  you an attachment check it thoroughly before clicking on it. If you do click on it immediately check the web address and verify that it has taken you to a place that you expected to go to. The only web address you should be seeing if you click on a Google or Gmail login link is this: Google are apparently aware of the phishing scam and issued an official statement to WordFence containing the following: “We’re aware of this issue and continue to strengthen our defenses against it. We help protect users from phishing attacks in a variety of ways, including: machine learning based detection of phishing messages, Safe Browsing warnings that notify users of dangerous links in emails and browsers, preventing suspicious account sign-ins, and more. Users can also activate two-step verification for additional account protection.”  Best Password Managers: 1 1Password 1Password is the 'Swiss army knife' of the group. It'll run on almost anything. It's also one of the easiest to use as well thanks to an ultra-simple interface. Rather than using autofill, 1Password uses extensions in Chrome, Firefox and Safari which gives you quick and easy access to your vault on any of your computers. The iPhone app uses Touch ID. This is a great all-rounder for the single user who just wants a complete solution. Price: $49.99 (Single license) 2 Dashlane DashLane is the team player out of the three options here. Offering a similar user interface to 1Password, Dashlane is simple to use and powerful to boot. If you run a small business or even a big business however then this could be the service for you. With variable sharing options you can send passwords to colleagues that also have Dashlane while keeping the password secure even from them. All they have to do is accept, and the app will log them in to the service without them ever having to see the login credentials. It'll work on iOS, Android, Mac and Windows. Price: $39.99 per year. 3 LastPass LastPass may be last on the list but it's definitely not the least. This is the veteran password manager and as such has the most features. It'll run on every platform and through every site, it's also customisable to a professional degree with support for biometrics and almost any other authenticating technology you can think of. It may be a little more complex to use but once it's set up LastPass is arguably the most flexible in terms of creating a service that you want. Price: $12 per year More: Google Gmail Google Account Suggest a correction Advertisement Suggested For You by Gravity Comments Advertisement Suggested For You Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW UK TECH Learn more Newsletter 128 K 17.1 K 21.7 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Advertisement Gmail Phishing Scam Is So Convincing It's Tricking Even The Pros CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive "The Huffington Post UK" is provided by AOL (UK) Limited. © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Bendable and foldable phones are coming. Are you ready? Commentary: These envelope-pushing phones will move everyone forward, but it may be years before they're fully embraced. Phones by Jessica Dolcourt January 15, 2017 6:00 AM PST @jdolcourt Up Next Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) She pushed down hard on the rectangular phone and, like a slap bracelet, it cinched around her wrist. The audience gasped; the internet went wild. CNET tries on Lenovo's bendy CPlus concept phone. Jessica Dolcourt/CNET This articulated wraparound phone -- known as the CPlus -- was a concept device Lenovo used to wow the crowd as part of a larger launch last June that included the modular Moto Z and Phab 2 Pro (the first phone using Google's Tango software for augmented reality). The CPlus may have only been a prototype, but it might as well have been a fireworks show for the imagination it ignited about the future of truly flexible phones that can bend and even fold. As powerful as today's phones are, their rectangular reliability has become a boring necessity that we hardly see at all. And that's why handsets that bend, twist, snap and fold will electrify and energize the industry, even if these newfangled future devices limp and lag at first. Why would we want a bendable or foldable phone? Flexing, folding handsets are visually and intellectually cool because rigid electronic pieces usually don't bend, at least not without a hinge. But is there an actual use for them beyond pushing the boundaries of what designers and scientists can do? Actually, there are a few. Folding a device gives you a smaller, more portable package to carry around -- it can essentially double the size of your screen. In addition, devices like these "will be able to be produced like newsprint," said Roel Vertegaal, who directs the Human Media Lab at Canada's Queens University and works on prototype models. Producing some phone parts this way could eventually make the phones cheaper to build, he added. Shapely devices that give you more of a shifting 3D work surface (rather than a constantly flat screen) also have the power to change how people carry and even use them, like navigating in new ways while playing a game, or using the way you bend a device to trigger an action, like during gameplay or for creating sound (see video above). Few, far between and potentially flawed Lenovo's pill-bug phone isn't the only one to stretch the boundaries of flexible devices. In fact, twistable phone prototypes are something we were seeing as far back as 2011. Samsung will reportedly release a phone that folds open into a tablet later in 2017, which would take the curved-screen (but static) Edge handsets to the next level, and LG Electronics is rumored to be supplying Apple, Google and Microsoft with flexible phone displays in 2018. Lenovo, too, is working on a tablet prototype that folds down to make a smaller overall package. The company briefly flashed it to journalists at the same time it showed off the wraparound CPlus. Enlarge Image Nobody remembers Samsung's Galaxy Round, but it made the S7 Edge possible. Josh Miller/CNET But while research on flexible and foldable phones is heating up in corporate and private labs, don't expect to see them everywhere at once. Companies tend to go slowly and cautiously with radical new designs. Take Samsung's first curved-screen phone, for example. The Galaxy Round was essentially a concept phone that never left South Korea, but its design morphed through several iterations to arrive at today's S7 Edge with its two curving sides. Xiaomi's nearly bezel-less Mi Mix is also another concept device whose technology will show up in other handsets down the line. It's likely that the first of these futuristic, flexible phones will: Cost a lot to make (and be therefore expensive to buy) Sell in small numbers Sell in one or two test markets to see how early buyers react There's also wear and tear to consider on phones you repeatedly fold and bend. "[I] don't see why I'd like my phone to bend and in fact, have put it in an OtterBox to protect it from the daily abuse it has to endure," said Chris Schmandt, who directs the Living Mobile Group at MIT's Media Lab. It's possible, too, that a new, more flexible design could affect the kind of hardware you can put into a device, say, a smaller battery than you can stick in a large, flat rectangle. It's also likely that rigid parts, like circuit boards, will have to use a different internal configuration, or be made to slightly bend as well. The drive to get there first So if bendable and flexible phones aren't guaranteed to be a smash hit, why would companies pour cash into R&D for phones that may not go mainstream for years, or even ever? The truth is, we can't always accurately predict which trends will catch on and which will go thud. Enlarge Image LG's G Flex 2 actually flexed when you pressed it down, but LG seems to have discontinued the line. Josh P. Miller/CNET But there is a certain glory in innovating first, and there's a distinct market advantage for companies that have the most experience if and when flexible and bendable gadgets take off. (Samsung in particular might benefit here if it's first to release its foldable electronics. "Samsung will likely take the 'disruptive' road back to the market," said Wayne Lam, an analyst with IHS Markit, "And hopefully put the Note 7 fiasco behind them.") What excites me most, though, is that this type of innovation helps phone makers everywhere build on past discoveries to propel new ones. It is, after all, only through trial and error that the industry collectively figures out what works and what doesn't. It's the kind of development that will give us the next tech we can't live without, the same way that the passion to miniaturize a desktop computer brought about the smartphone tucked into your pocket right now. This story originally published December 16, 2016, at 7 a.m. PT and updated at 11:38 a.m. PT to include the rumor that LG Electronics will supply phone makers with flexible screens. It updated again January 15 at 6:00am PT. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Phones Lenovo Samsung CNET First Take Samsung Galaxy Round Banish all skeptical apprehension about the Samsung Galaxy's round curved screen and back; the arched shape is an unexpected improvement. $999.99 See it Related Stories Apple: You share iCloud data, and we'll make iPhones smarter Sprint announces $50 all-you-can-eat mobile deal Google Pixel: The best tips, tricks and hidden features 7 of the Best Phones for 2017 Close   Discuss: Bendable and foldable phones are coming.... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Meet Jon Hamm, the hologram (aka the holohamm) Flexible screens will bend your mind Phones, tablets and more that bend, flex, fold and roll are on the cusp of becoming real. But does that mean you'll want them? 2:58 Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
menu Login SEARCH facebook twitter linkedin RSS twitter facebook linkedin RSS Login SEARCH Starting Advice Funding Ideas & planning Investing in a franchise Sole trader Work life balance Financing Accounts & tax Alternative finance Banking Government Grants Loans Running Business management Buying and selling Employing & managing staff Export & Logistics Finding and selling to customers Insurance Legal advice Marketing Office & home working Technology News Law Management Opportunities Outlook Blog Q & A Search for: Home » Running » Marketing Strategies for SEO link building Guide 19 Jan 2017 Here, we look at why it's so important for SEO aspirants and veterans alike to provide top tier solutions in terms of links. COMMENT Link building is a key process for your website Ben Lobel It is widely considered a waste of potential to currently operate within the SEO spectrum without utilising SEO link building strategies. If you overlook valuable assets, you will undoubtedly earn less than what you could. According to many professionals, it is essential that SEO aspirants and veterans alike adapt to the ever shifting tides of the SEO landscape so that they are able to provide top tier solutions in terms of links, and also in large numbers. Applying valuable philosophic values to your own take will prove critical in your link setup campaign. Before we get into all that, however, let’s take a look at what link building can be defined as, just so we’re all on the same page. Link building Link building refers to the process of incorporating links that lead to a website into other websites. The more links across the web that lead to your site you have, the higher up the ladder your website goes on Google’s (or any search engine for that matter) ranking system. The ranking system Google uses is what determines how high up or far down the search result list your website ends up being, and this system takes links into account. Through crawling, which is the term used to describe how Google checks out websites from links within other websites, the search engine is able to identify and index the linked site. Now that we have a better understanding on what SEO link building is, let’s take a look at the best types of link building there are, and which you should try to implement yourself. Link building through outreaching to a point of influence What this type of link building boils down to is the fact that your website needs links to boost its search engine rankings. To do this, you must be ready to reach out to influential websites, blogs or other means of content delivery that might be able to promote your website. There are several things you need to keep in mind here. The first one is that a smart influencer will risk their integrity or image by promoting something that will make them look like a sellout or even worse, something that will destroy their relationship with their following. Those that benefit from a large following usually have achieved those numbers after long periods of working towards that goal. This is not meant to sound as if your website is bad. But it might be bad for specific influencers since it doesn’t help that following in any positive manner If you want your link promoted you will need to appeal to parties that could actually benefit from your content. Link building through SEO packages This link building techniques stomps out a large portion of the grinding aspect of link building and provides your website with a fast way of advancing through the search engine ranks. You could say that you are buying a boost, as that is exactly what happens when you appeal to SEO package services. By acquiring a fully outsourced monthly SEO package, you can attempt to provide your website with a growth in ranking while skipping a lot of the process that goes on from when you start climbing the ranks to when you advance high enough. Link building through natural exposure This one might give you a strong vibe of ‘do nothing’, but it’s pretty much the opposite. Link building through natural exposure refers to people naturally sharing and promoting your link without you reaching out or otherwise. This happens when your content is of high quality and relevant entities promote it as what is referred to as an editorial link. To make it even simpler, if you do a fantastic jobs, the chances of you getting recognised by a publication or similar means of content delivery will increase. This is one of the top ways of link exposure. Since it’s done solely because the influencer appreciates your work, it transmits a strong message that leads people towards your website. Since this occurs naturally, all you can do in this regard is make sure you provide consistent and constant top notch content. Related Topics Link building Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel replyLogin to comment Prev Next Keep Informed by email Subscribe I am happy to receive updates and offers from I am happy to receive updates and offers from carefully selected 3rd parties We do not sell or distribute our subscriber details with other companies or individuals for any reason. If you are interested in the details you can read our privacy policy. Read More Latest Popular Flexible working requests and how to handle them SMEs must prepare now for the General Data Protection Regulation How your business can think small but grow big How to build a business that stands out in a traditional marketplace How to squeeze the penny and make your pounds count Judges announced: British Small Business Awards 2016 Seven great ways of investing as a small business owner Small companies back new prime minister Theresa May Small business grants: How multiple grants helped launch a company Should B2B brands be funny and personable on social media? Products See All How small and medium businesses can take on flexible working Some 57 per cent of employees say the availability of flexible working in their workplace is important to them, according to Sage data. This guide to Sage 200 Online shows why more and more businesses are turning to the cloud. Find Out More Controlling Cash Flow – Learn to master your money Find out how five small businesses met the challenges of raising finance, from drawing up a business plan to securing investment. Complete with expert guides and tips to help you through the process. Find Out More The Vitesse Network Small Business Growth Business Information Age What Investment Growth Company Investor Tax Guide Vitesse Events Vitesse Media Further Information Preference centre Contact Details Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions About Vitesse Media About this Website Vitesse Media Plc, 14 Bonhill Street, London EC2A 4BX T. 0207 250 7010 © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc Further Information [+]
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Gaming  |  Features  | 5 Hidden Google Search Games You Probably Didn't Know 5 Hidden Google Search Games You Probably Didn't Know By: Pallabi Bose Published: Sunday, October 16, 2016, 12:00 [IST] What do you use Google for? A majority of the answers will definitely be to surf the internet. Apart from that, a very few people know tricks like weather check, climate check, and temperature checks. But, do you know you can do much more than just these things? Google provides several games you might not know about. All you need to do is just input some keywords. Does it sound unbelievable? Then, check these 5 hidden games and the way to access them from below. SEE ALSO: 10 Common Questions People Asked on Quora About Reliance Jio 4G SIM! Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Atari Breakout Type Atari Breakout in the Google search bar and click on images section. Wait for a second and you'll be welcomed with a stack of colorful blocks, a pinball, and a bar. All you have to do is move the mouse pointer and stop the pinball from dropping. This simple game will never let you feel bored again. Solitaire Everyone is familiar with this card game. It is found in almost all mobiles and laptops. Then why not in Google? Simply search for Solitaire and choose the difficulty level. Tic Tac Toe This is one game we all have played in our childhood on the last page of notebooks. You'll get this amazing killer game in Google search too. Choose a difficulty level and your option (cross or nil). Start reliving the childhood once more. Zerg Rush A playable game originally created by Google with small 'o' characters that destroy search results if they are not clicked with the mouse pointer. Keep clicking on the 'o's otherwise your entire search result will disappear. Pacman This is the old classic arcade game which you'll love to play on the Google search page during free time. Just type in the name of the game as the keyword for Google Search bar and then search it. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Google Pixel (Very Silver, 32GB) 55,448 Google Pixel XL (Quite Black, 32GB) 65,880 Gallery   |   9 Photos Google Pixel +See All Read More About google | internet | news Other articles published on Oct 16, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... After Redmi Note 4, Xiaomi now plans to announce smart TVs, smart watches & more in India this year Sony Pictures set up VR gaming experience in Mumbai to promote film BlackBerry could launch another smartphone alongside Mercury at MWC Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Moto G5 and G5 Plus alleged prices leaked Nokia 6: It's not just the brand name that makes it promising Redmi Note 4: 10 accessories to make it look and function better This iPhone 8 concept is bizarrely interesting LG discloses fourth-quarter and 2016 financial results Recent Facebook updates which made the platform safer and better Portronics launches “SEESAW” a HD WIFI Surveillance Camera What if Samsung launches the Galaxy S8 with these rumored specs? Gmail users can send Javascript files only till February 13 Xiaomi Mi 6 and Mi 6 Pro tipped to launch later this year Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Lenovo P2XOLO Era 2XVideocon Virat V3BCiBall 2.4H Supremo B3Coolpad Cool1 DualLYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SVideocon Bazoomba6 V2SBAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1 Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Cybercrime gang uses Google services for malware command and control Gang behind multiple cyberattacks on banks and financial institutions has found a new way to manage its activities. ByDanny Palmer | January 18, 2017 -- 16:14 GMT (08:14 PST) | Topic: Security Getty Images/iStockphoto An organised cybercriminal gang is is using Google services to issue command and control (C&C) communications to help monitor and control the machines of unsuspecting malware victims. The Carbanak hacking group is one of the most successful cybercriminal operations in the world. Since it started operating in 2013, the gang has attacked banks, e-payment systems and financial institutions across the globe using Trojan malware in a stealthy and continuous campaign, making off with a suspected total of over $1 billion in stolen funds. Carbanak - also known as Anunak - is a highly organised group and continually evolves its tactics in order to continue to carry out cybercrime while avoiding detection by potential targets and the authorities. The latest malicious scheme by the group - dubbed Digital Plagiarist - sees the group using office documents hosted on mirrored domains in order to distribute the malware. This instance of malware is distributed using the common method of hiding a malicious document - this time disguised as an RTF file - inside a phishing email. However, what that malicious file executes code to do is what's new. Cybersecurity researchers at Forcepoint have pointed out that the Carbanak group's VBScript malware contains additional script - 'ggldr' - which is capable of using Google services as a command and control channel. This allows hackers to send and receive commands to and from Google Apps Script, Google Sheets, and Google Forms services. A unique Google Sheets spreadsheet is dynamically created, allowing systems to easily manage each infected victim, like checking on the status of the infected machine or sending command and control check ins. The cycle uses the Google script to continuously repeat, as demonstrated in the image below. How Carbankak's script exploits Google services. Image: Forcepoint Security Labs Forcepoint researchers warn that using Google as an independent C&C channel is likely to be more successful than using newly created domains or domains with no reputation. The cybersecurity researchers say they've notified Google of the issue and a Google spokesperson told ZDNet that the company is taking the necessary procedures. "We're constantly working to protect people from all forms of malware and other types of attacks. We're aware of this particular issue and taking the appropriate actions," they said in an email. READ MORE ON CYBERCRIME Data-stealing Qadars Trojan malware takes aim at 18 UK banks Why AI could be the key to turning the tide in the fight against cybercrime This unusual botnet targets scientists, engineers, and academics Cyber thieves rob another bank by hacking into Swift financial network [CNET] Malware developers hide in plain sight in online sandboxes [TechRepublic] Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Organised cybercrime gang members arrested after ATM attacks Security My advice to President Trump: Keep the private email servers, ditch the Android phone, and Tweet on! Security ​Ex top Mozilla dev to Windows users: Ditch all antivirus except Microsoft's Defender Security Trump aides' use of encrypted messaging may violate records law × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 20 January 2017 | MYT 5:32 PM Indonesia tax agency demands meeting with top Google executives by karlis salnaandherdaru purnomo Rapidly escalating: A view of the headquarters of Indonesia's tax office in Jakarta. The director general of taxation at the Ministry of Finance has said the investigation into Google would be escalated if the company’s representatives failed to show they were willing to meet the government’s demands for more information, reiterating this week that Google’s employees could also face criminal action and potentially be jailed. — Reuters Indonesia’s tax agency says documents submitted by Alphabet Inc’s Google as part of a probe into its operations are not adequate and has demanded to meet with top executives from the technology firm.  A meeting on Jan 19 with the tax office was abruptly halted after senior executives from Google failed to show and the company sent only a local representative, Hestu Yoga Saksama, a spokesman for the Directorate General of Taxation, said in an interview with Bloomberg News on Jan 20.  Google had submitted some financial statements but they didn’t match the tax agency’s own assessment of the revenue the company was making in Indonesia, he said.  Financial statements prepared by Google, obtained by Bloomberg, show the search giant posted 20.9bil rupiah (RM6.93mil) in pretax profit in Indonesia and paid 5.2bil rupiah (RM1.72bil) in taxes in 2015, substantially lower than the 5tril rupiah (RM1.66bil) the tax agency says it’s owed including fines from that year. The long-running dispute between the Indonesian government and Google has escalated in recent months to include threats of criminal action.  “Because what we have, our auditors’ results show that they have greater revenue,” Saksama said. “We hope that Google will cooperate with us so that we have a settlement based on true and proper documents so that we don’t have to make it a higher level of assessment, like taking it to court.”  Google didn’t immediately respond to an e-mail seeking comment.  Seeking revenue  Indonesia’s pursuit of large multinationals underscores the challenge facing President Joko Widodo as he tries to fund his ambitious infrastructure program by squeezing more revenue out of an economy that’s been hit by weak commodity prices and subdued demand from China, its biggest trading partner.  In Indonesia, Google earned 74.5bil rupiah (RM24.73mil) in pretax profit from 2012 through 2015, with a total of 18.5bil rupiah (RM6.14mil) in taxes paid in the same period, documents showed. It also posted US$109.2mil (RM485.44mil) in revenue in 2015 booked through its regional headquarters in Singapore, according to a separate financial statement.  “We continue to comply fully with the government’s requests for information, and have provided all the data that has been requested,” Google said this week in an e-mailed response to queries on its financial statements.  Google handed over financial statements to authorities on Dec 28, some of which have been seen by Bloomberg, which included details of 282,000 transactions made by the company’s 35,000 Indonesian clients in 2015. They show that 55% of the company’s revenue in Indonesia in 2015 came from its top 10 customers.  Government auditors  “Our auditors have made some assessment about Google’s income in Indonesia,” Saksama said. “We have so many results like bank accounts and we have also made an assessment of Indonesian companies that have business with Google. So we have a lot of data here.”  Saksama said another meeting would be held and that the tax agency wanted to meet with senior executives from Google to “verify that our data is correct.”  Ken Dwijugiasteadi, director general of taxation at the Ministry of Finance, has said the investigation into Google would be escalated if the company’s representatives failed to show they were willing to meet the government’s demands for more information, reiterating this week that Google’s employees could also face criminal action and potentially be jailed.  Indonesia had earlier given Google until the end of 2016 to settle the tax dispute, and visited the company’s office in central Jakarta several times.  'Long process’  “We know that the process will be a long process but we hope very much that Google will cooperate,” Saksama said Jan 20.  Tax authorities said in November they were also turning their attention to Apple Inc, Twitter Inc and Yahoo! Inc, as well as Facebook Inc which they said owed as much as 3tril rupiah (RM996.15mil).  Tax officials say that Google and Facebook took 70% of Indonesia’s US$830mil (RM3.68bil) of digital advertising revenue in 2015, with a majority going to the search engine company, the Jakarta Post reported last month.  Google has faced tax investigations elsewhere, including in the UK, where authorities reached a £130mil (RM713.14mil) settlement with the company’s parent, Alphabet. — Bloomberg Tags / Keywords: Taxation , Foreign News , Corporate News , Technology You May Be Interested Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries Legal warfare! Apple takes on Qualcomm in courts China girlfriend rental app gets leg up from Lunar New Year demand Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read Chinese New Year's customs and taboos Visitors Eintracht stun Schalke Ponkan oranges choice of the season advertisement Latest News China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico In double whammy for Turkey, Fitch cuts to junk after S&P slashes outlook Fed to stop mortgage reinvestments in 2018 Most Viewed in Tech Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Chinese Lunar New Year ticket snatching apps raise hackles China girlfriend rental app gets leg up from Lunar New Year demand Hong Kong securities brokers hit by cyberattacks, may face more Facing huge writedown, battered Toshiba decides to sell part of memory chip business PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Alphabet posts strong revenue growth, higher taxes hit earnings STMicro to supply iPhone 8 parts? Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Bloomberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images Indonesia Tax Agency Demands Meeting With Top Google Executives by Karlis Salna More stories by Karlis Salna and Herdaru Purnomo More stories by Herdaru Purnomo January 20, 2017, 2:08 AM EST Google paid 5.2 billion rupiah in 2015 taxes, documents show Govt has sought 5 trillion rupiah in taxes and fines for 2015 Indonesia’s tax agency says documents submitted by Alphabet Inc.’s Google as part of a probe into its operations are not adequate and has demanded to meet with top executives from the technology firm. A meeting on Thursday with the tax office was abruptly halted after senior executives from Google failed to show and the company sent only a local representative, Hestu Yoga Saksama, a spokesman for the Directorate General of Taxation, said in an interview with Bloomberg News on Friday. Google had submitted some financial statements but they didn’t match the tax agency’s own assessment of the revenue the company was making in Indonesia, he said. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Financial statements prepared by Google, obtained by Bloomberg, show the search giant posted 20.9 billion rupiah ($1.6 million) in pretax profit in Indonesia and paid 5.2 billion rupiah in taxes in 2015, substantially lower than the 5 trillion rupiah the tax agency says it’s owed including fines from that year. The long-running dispute between the Indonesian government and Google has escalated in recent months to include threats of criminal action. “Because what we have, our auditors’ results show that they have greater revenue,” Saksama said. “We hope that Google will cooperate with us so that we have a settlement based on true and proper documents so that we don’t have to make it a higher level of assessment, like taking it to court.” Google didn’t immediately respond to an e-mail seeking comment. Seeking Revenue Indonesia’s pursuit of large multinationals underscores the challenge facing President Joko Widodo as he tries to fund his ambitious infrastructure program by squeezing more revenue out of an economy that’s been hit by weak commodity prices and subdued demand from China, its biggest trading partner. In Indonesia, Google earned 74.5 billion rupiah in pretax profit from 2012 through 2015, with a total of 18.5 billion rupiah in taxes paid in the same period, documents showed. It also posted $109.2 million in revenue in 2015 booked through its regional headquarters in Singapore, according to a separate financial statement. “We continue to comply fully with the government’s requests for information, and have provided all the data that has been requested," Google said this week in an e-mailed response to queries on its financial statements. Google handed over financial statements to authorities on Dec. 28, some of which have been seen by Bloomberg, which included details of 282,000 transactions made by the company’s 35,000 Indonesian clients in 2015. They show that 55 percent of the company’s revenue in Indonesia in 2015 came from its top 10 customers. Government Auditors “Our auditors have made some assessment about Google’s income in Indonesia,” Saksama said. “We have so many results like bank accounts and we have also made an assessment of Indonesian companies that have business with Google. So we have a lot of data here.” Saksama said another meeting would be held and that the tax agency wanted to meet with senior executives from Google to “verify that our data is correct.” Ken Dwijugiasteadi, director general of taxation at the Ministry of Finance, has said the investigation into Google would be escalated if the company’s representatives failed to show they were willing to meet the government’s demands for more information, reiterating this week that Google’s employees could also face criminal action and potentially be jailed. Indonesia had earlier given Google until the end of 2016 to settle the tax dispute, and visited the company’s office in central Jakarta several times. ‘Long Process’ “We know that the process will be a long process but we hope very much that Google will cooperate,” Saksama said Friday. Tax authorities said in November they were also turning their attention to Apple Inc., Twitter Inc. and Yahoo! Inc., as well as Facebook Inc. which they said owed as much as 3 trillion rupiah. Tax officials say that Google and Facebook took 70 percent of Indonesia’s $830 million of digital advertising revenue in 2015, with a majority going to the search engine company, the Jakarta Post reported last month. Google has faced tax investigations elsewhere, including in the U.K., where authorities reached a 130 million-pound ($161 million) settlement with the company’s parent, Alphabet. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Internet Donald Trump Google Google searches for 'protest inauguration' exceed 'attending inauguration' as Trump takes office - Report Google's data reportedly reveals that 13 states that voted for Donald Trump search 'protest' over 'attend'. By India Ashok January 20, 2017 09:47 GMT Donald Trump speaks during a welcome celebration and concert at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, DC, on 19 January, 2017BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images Many Americans are reported to be more interested in the protests coinciding with Donald Trump's inauguration than in the official event itself. Google's search data reportedly reveals that searches for "protest inauguration" have trumped (pun intended) "attend inauguration" in the past week, the DailyDot reported. According to Google's data, 13 US states that voted for Trump searched for "protest inauguration" more than "attend inauguration". The states include Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, Kansas, Louisiana, Michigan, Missouri, Montana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Texas, Utah and Wisconsin. Overall, a total of 31 of 50 US states were found to be searching for "protest inauguration" over "attend inauguration". However, Google's data does not provide much information, apart from indicating each state's searches in the past week. Meanwhile, the Women's March is also slated to stage a protest, with around 200,000 attendees. Numerous anti-Trump protesters in cities across the US, including New York and Washington DC, have gathered in solidarity to voice concerns about the incoming president's policies. Trump kicked off his inaugural weekend on 19 January with two concerts at the Lincoln Memorial in Washington DC. According to reports, however, it appears that Trump's inaugural concert failed to attract as many people as Obama's 2009 inaugural concert reportedly did. People took to Twitter to point out the apparent differences, posting images of Trump's concert as well as Obama's previous concert, to showcase the lack of interest. Meanwhile, anti-Trump protests in New York saw high-profile celebrities such as Robert De Niro, Mark Ruffalo, Alec Baldwin, Reverend Al Sharpton and others attend. More Technology News This app is designed solely to monitor the stock market's reaction to what Trump says Here are the Trump cabinet staffers who may have been hacked before entering office Hacker group that pulled off billion dollar bank job using Google services for malware monitoring To ppl bitching 2017 photos are "before it started," here is updated photo DURING it. DID fill out more, but back still empty compared to 09 pic.twitter.com/pZJ6BYYHMr— Thank You, Obama (@106th) January 20, 2017 Iâve seen more people on the National Mall on a random summer Wednesday— tc (@chillmage) January 19, 2017 Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Hacking your money: Cloning credit cards, stealing bitcoin and spoofing Verified by Visa Columnists Julie Lenarz “Theresa May would be foolish to get too close to Donald Trump READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... No more dirty phone calls – this washable smarthpone will clean up your act Rubber ducks rejoice! Your perfect smartphone has arrived. How to switch on Twitter's two-factor authentication in 8 easy steps This simple process will help protect your personal account from... Need a date to meet the parents at Chinese New Year? Rent an instant girlfriend for £200-per-hour on this app... Don't have a girlfriend to take to Reunion dinner? No worries, you... Nintendo Switch full specs revealed: Battery life, menu screen, storage and more Nintendo reveals the full technical specs for its home and handheld... Gadget deals of the week: Sony Smartwatch 3, Vodafone Smart Ultra and a Canon DSLR camera £105 off a Canon DSLR camera is our point-and-click deal of the week. Privacy International accuses Microsoft of helping Thai government spy on citizens Privacy activists say Microsoft shouldn't be trusting Thailand's... Rags to riches: Japanese company turns old clothes into fuel using Back to the Future technology The unique process breaks discarded garments into ethanol, commonly... Samsung Galaxy S8: This is what the flagship device will reportedly look like The device is said to be slated to launch on March 29. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Budget 2017 Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Google's Project Tango-enabled Lenovo Phab 2 Pro with AR capability launched in India; everything you need to know Lenovo Phab 2 Pro was originally released in the US in November 2016. Now, it has been made available exclusively on Flipkart for Rs 29,999. Rohit KVN   January 20, 2017 13:31 IST Google Project Tango AR-phone Lenovo Phab 2 Pro finally goes on sale; here's everything you need to knowLenovo official website Chinese consumer electronics major Lenovo on Friday officially launched Phab 2 Pro in India. Lenovo Phab 2 Pro was originally released first in US way back in November 2016. Now, it has been made available exclusively on Flipkart for Rs 29,999. As a promotional offer, the e-commerce firm is offering up to Rs 20,000 discount via exchange deal. Also read: Xiaomi officially launches Redmi Note 4 with Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 SoC in India; Here's where you can buy Redmi Note 3 successor What's so special about Lenovo Phab 2 Pro? Lenovo Phab 2 Pro is world's first commercial variant of Google's Project Tango-enabled phone with Augmented Reality (AR) capability. The first fully functional prototype was announced in 2014, and was tested on numerous real-life applications, specifically 3D-based GPS navigation system, e-commerce shopping, augmented reality gaming. In US, Lenovo's Phab 2 Pro owner can enjoy immersive online shopping. For instance, Wayfair's in-house AR app allows shoppers to visualise furniture and décor in their homes at scale before making a purchase, tackling one of the largest barriers to online shopping -- the inability to get a good sense for a product's aesthetic, and how large or small the item is. As far as gaming is concerned, users will able to play character games using their own house as the gaming arena. Other applications include mapping and navigation in underground tunnels especially during exploring uncharted caves as well sunken ships under water. Not 1, not 2 but FOUR cameras give PHAB 2 Pro true Augmented Reality powers. #GoPHAB at 11:59pm today @Flipkart: https://t.co/BXuxJYOCzX pic.twitter.com/fnrGd5jqU9— Lenovo India (@Lenovo_in) January 19, 2017 Google’s Project Tango-enabled Lenovo Phab 2 Pro with AR capability launched in India ; all you need to knowLenovo India (@Lenovo_in) via Twitter AR-phone is also beneficial on the social front, as well. It will be a boon to visually impaired people, as it can be used to give accurate navigation guidance, when they find themselves in an unchartered place or a building premise. For instance, while shopping for groceries, the smartphone can take you directly to the shelf containing the product you are looking for. Watch this space for latest news on Lenovo and Google products. Key specifications of Lenovo Phab 2 Pro: Model Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Display 6.4-inch QHD (2560x1440p) wide-screen IPS assertive display with 2.5D glass shield OS Android 6.0 Marshmallow Processor Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 octa-core processor built for Tango RAM 4GB RAM LPDDR3 Storage 64GB, expandable up to 128GB Camera Main: 16MP RGB camera with fast focus, depth sensor, motion tracking/fisheye Front: 8MP camera with fixed focus, f/2.2 aperture, 1.4µm big pixel Battery 4,050mAh (Li-ion) + fast chargingTalk time: close to 18 hoursStandby mode: up to 13 days Network 4G-LTE Add-ons Fingerprint sensor, Aluminum Unibody, Bluetooth v4.0, Wi-Fi (802.11 a/b/g/n/ac)microSD card slot, Triple array microphones with active noise-cancellation, Dolby Atmos/Dolby Audio Capture 5.1, 3.5 mm audio jack Dimensions 179.83 x 88.57 mm (lxb) Weight 259g Colours Gunmetal Grey and Champagne Gold (coming soon) Price Rs. 29,999 Related Asus launches Zenfone AR, Zenfone 3 Zoom top-notch camera at CES 2017 Huawei to build Google Project Tango AR-phone Top 5 Android smartphones that turned heads in 2016 Also read Moto G5 series tipped to be released first in India after MWC 2017 event Microsoft Surface Pro 4 price slashed in select regions Quick Links Google Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots Why advertise with us? Latest News Should you wait for Samsung Galaxy S8 or buy Galaxy S7? 9 hours ago By Raymond Ronamai Google Pixel 2 rumours: Improved camera, CPU and an affordable Pixel in the making 12 hours ago By Sami Khan Editor's Pick Trump's Muslim ban brings focus back on Steve Jobs' heritage Why advertise with us? most popular Wait, WHAT! Feature phones are still preferred over smartphones by Indians 55% of the total handset shipments in India were made up of feature phones. The launch of 4G VoLTE-ready feature phones will certainly sustain the growth of feature phones this year as well Nintendo Switch confirmed launch games Nintendo Switch will be getting games like The Legend of Zelda, Just Dance 2017 and others when it launches on March 3, 2017. Nokia 6 Android phone goes on sale in Philippines Online retailer Lazada.com is offering Nokia 6 in Philippines at a $150 mark up price than in China. New Xbox One backwards compatible games now live: Check out New Xbox 360 titles have recently joined the Xbox One backwards compatible fray. Can Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 beat Moto G4 Plus, Lenovo K5 Note, OnePlus X and others? Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 will have to fight with devices like Moto G4 Plus, Lenovo K5 Note, OnePlus X and LeEco Le 2 in Indian market. New Microsoft Xbox games slated to come in February 2017 February 2017 looks promising for Xbox owners across the world. Android Nougat update released to Moto Z Play via OTA Moto Z Play owners in select regions of developed markets have started getting Android Nougat update notifications on their mobile phones. Update Moto X Play with Android Nougat via LineageOS custom ROM Here's a tutorial on how to install Android Nougat via LineageOS custom ROM on Moto X Play. Photo Gallery Chinese New Year Greetings 2017: Best Wishes, Messages, Quotes, picture messages be shared Chinese New Year Greetings 2017, Wishes, Messages, Quotes, picture messages be shared. Sanjay Leela Bhansali attacked, set vandalised during Padmavati shoot in Jaipur Activists of a Rajput organisation, Shree Rajput Karni Sena, protested and misbehaved with the crew of Sanjay Leela Bhansali's upcoming film "Padmavati" here on Friday, police and eyewitnesses said. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Twitter sells its developer platform Fabric to Google Twitter's acquisition talks went nowhere last year, but the company is slimming down by selling its developer platform. ByStephanie Condon for Between the Lines | January 18, 2017 -- 18:55 GMT (10:55 PST) | Topic: Developer Google is acquiring Twitter's mobile developer platform, Fabric. The terms of the deal were not disclosed on Wednesday, but the move should help Twitter develop a leaner business as it tries to find more longterm stability. The micro-blogging platform has had some rough months, undergoing a leadership shuffle and failed acquisition talks. Some have suggested Google would be well-suited buyer for Twitter -- now Google will take just its developer platform. see also How to use Google two-factor authentication If you use Google services, and you don't want anyone raiding or wrecking your account and services--not to mention your life--Google two-step verification security is for you. Read More The Fabric team will join Google's Developer Products Group and merge with its Firebase team. "Fabric and Firebase operate mobile platforms with unique strengths in the market today," wrote Rich Paret, VP of engineering and GM of Fabric, in a blog post. Firebase product manager Francis Ma noted that the acquisition is part of Firebase's larger, longterm efforts to build up its comprehensive suite features for web and mobile app development. Fabric, launched in 2014, was part of Twitter's efforts to woo developers and now reaches 2.5 billion active mobile devices and serves more than 580,000 mobile developers. Fabric's Crashlytics and Answers kits are among the most-used SDKs for app stability and analytics. "As a popular, trusted tool over many years, we expect that Crashlytics will become the main crash reporting offering for Firebase and will augment the work that we have already done in this area," Ma wrote. Current Fabric users don't have to do anything to keep using the products. Before the acquisition closes, Twitter will continue to maintain Digits, Fabric's SMS authentication service. Once it's complete, Google will begin providing Fabric, Crashlytics, Answers, and associated beta products under terms available here. More on Twitter: Here's a 2017 to-do list for Twitter's next CTO Twitter appoints new Brazil director Twitter CTO Adam Messinger stepping down Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security ​Ex top Mozilla dev to Windows users: Ditch all antivirus except Microsoft's Defender Security ​Chrome 56: Google starts slapping 'not secure' on HTTP payment and login pages Hardware ​Need a Linux-tuned laptop? New KDE Slimbook aims to make it simpler to drop Windows Enterprise Software How Facebook helped tweak Chrome and Firefox to download pages faster × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
« Return to Mobile Website Newsletters Sign-Up Schedule a Demo Does My Company Subscribe? Client Login eMarketer PRO Login eMarketer Retail Login Does my company subscribe? Contact Us Newsletters Sales: 1-800-405-0844 Articles Customer Stories Plans Product Tour Research Topics Request Pricing Recommended Reading: January 20, 2017 eMarketer's scan of the key developments of the day, plus data to make sense of it all January 20, 2017 Share Email Print Google Taps Google to Sell Its Products An analysis by The Wall Street Journal found that Google has been buying millions of its own search ads to promote its own various products. Jack Nicas writes that "ads for products sold by Google and its sister companies appeared in the most prominent spot in 91% of 25,000 recent searches related to such items." Amazon and Flipkart Drop Bid for Middle East's Souq The Economic Times of India, citing unnamed sources, reported that both Amazon and Indian ecommerce platform Flipkart had dropped separate efforts to acquire Dubai-based ecommerce platform Souq. Price reportedly was the sticking point. Souq has emerged as one of the leading ecommerce platforms in the Middle East. Spat Could See More UK ATMs Charge Fees A disagreement between banks and the operator of the UK's largest ATM network, Link, could cut the number of free-to-use cash machines in the UK, according to The Guardian. Currently, 75% of the 70,000 ATMs in the UK are fee-free for UK consumers, but if talks scheduled to begin next week break down over the interchange fees banks pay when their account holders use other companies' ATMs, that could change. UK Advertisers Lost £600 Million in 2016 on Non-Viewable Digital Ads A new report from Meetrics, an ad verification company, found that UK advertisers lost around £600 million in 2016 on non-viewable digital ads. In Q4 2016, slightly over half of ads failed to meet the IAB and Media Ratings Council's standards for viewable ads. eMarketer predicts that UK digital ad spending will amount to £10.6 billion in 2017. China's Innotech Makes Ad Tech Acquisition with Ad-Juster Chinese private equity group Innotech announced on Wednesday that it had purchased US-based digital advertising automation company Ad-Juster for an undisclosed sum. The move was the latest in an emerging trend of China-based companies acquiring ad tech firms located in the West, and reflects the maturation of the programmatic market in China. US Gamers Spent $30.4 Billion in 2016 The US computer and video game market—including hardware, software, peripherals and in-game purchases, totaled $30.4 billion in 2016, according to The Entertainment Software Association (ESA) and the NPD Group. The market expanded by a scant $200 million over 2015. —Rahul Chadha, Cliff Annicelli, Rebecca Chadwick, Rimma Kats Previous Article Next Article Latest from eMarketer Latest Articles Latest Webinars YouTube Shows Little Sign of Old Age Line's User Base Falls as Social-Messaging Space Gets Crowded Sky Adds Broadband-Only Option More Articles » eMarketer Daily Newsletter » Cross-Device Targeting—What to Watch for in 2017 Mid-Holiday Season Retail Update & Post-Thanksgiving Recap Key Digital Trends for 2017 More Webinars » Go beyond the articles: eMarketer Products You've never experienced research like this. SEE FEATURES » Hear from our clients: Customer Stories Nearly all Fortune 500 companies rely on us. READ MORE » Want to learn more? Contact Us Inquire about corporate subscriptions today. CONTACT SALES » About eMarketer Contact Us Why eMarketer Events Newsroom Advertising Opportunities Career Opportunities Privacy Policy Call Us: 1-800-405-0844 Coverage by Topic Advertising & Marketing B2B Demographics Ecommerce Email Media Usage, Buying & Planning Mobile Search Social Video NEW! Create your own charts on these topics, instantly. Try it now > Coverage by Geography Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Coverage by Industry Automotive Consumer Products Financial Services Media & Entertainment Pharma & Healthcare Retail Travel Popular Articles Why Marketers Haven't Mastered Multichannel TV Campaigns Extend Reach via Facebook Ads How Effective Has Personalization Been So Far? Explore More Articles »         Copyright 2016 eMarketer Inc. All Rights Reserved.
View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe Best Bars Newcomer's Guide Neighborhoods Magazines Subscribe Leave Us Feedback News Food Entertainment Nightlife Home Health Business Weddings Let’s Make Dallas Even Better Once and For All: Did Craig James Kill Five Hookers at SMU? By Tim Rogers Published in FrontBurner May 9, 2012 9:39 am Follow-up question: Has Craig James ever eaten a panda steak? As Zac pointed out, the issue about Craig James and the five purportedly dead hookers left in his wake at SMU has again arisen, with Mike Leach signing one of his books with a funny inscription. Well, a few days ago, I called Craig James’ campaign office in Dallas to get to the bottom of this dead hookers matter. They directed me to James’ spokesperson in Austin, Meredith Turney. What follows is a transcript of our conversation: “There’s been a lot of stuff on the internet about Craig James killing the five hookers at SMU. I feel like I know what’s going on, but I haven’t seen, interestingly enough, anywhere a categorical denial that Craig James didn’t kill five hookers at SMU. And so I thought it was important to nail that down.” “Wow. Um. Actually, we did address that issue. Very early in the campaign, we sent a tweet out letting people know that we’d been Google bombed.” “I must have missed this tweet.” “We mentioned in passing that Craig had been the victim of a Google bomb.” “If you had killed five hookers, then the Google bomb excuse is the perfect cover. Hypothetically, you see what I’m saying.” “Yeah, no, I can categorically, definitively say that is absolutely untrue. I know that in this day and age of the internet, there’s a lot of things that people like to do to be funny and to ridicule people. But in this case, it’s very disrespectful to another human being to spread a rumor like that. That is despicable. I mean, Craig is a wonderful family man. I have worked with him since the beginning of the campaign, and I have not met–I’ve worked in politics a long time — I have not met a more honorable, decent human being than Craig James. He is a wonderful Christian man, loves his wife, Marilyn. They’ve been married for almost 30 years. He has four beautiful children. And to spread these kinds of rumors is just malicious. And I just find it really despicable that people would stoop to that level to attack a man’s character.” “I have to ask you a follow-up question.” “Okay.” “Has Craig James ever enlisted the help of a gang of criminals to take over a skyscraper at the top of which is a vault containing $640 million in untraceable bearer bonds?” “Are you referring to the movie Tower Heist or something?” “You’re close. You’re looking for a Bruce Willis vehicle.” “I’ve never watched any of those films. If it had been a Monty Python reference, I probably would have gotten it.” “Okay, let me ask you another one. Has Craig James ever taken the tag off a mattress?” “You know what? I cannot say that I know anything about that.” “Uh-oh. See, that could be a rumor, then, that could plague him for a long time.” “I will need to ask him about that.” “Here’s an easy one. Has Craig James ever eaten a steak made out of panda?” “I think we can deny that. No, he has never eaten a panda.” “Has Craig James ever bred a pegasus for the sole purpose of using it as quarry in a hunt?” “Is that anything like the thing from Napoleon Dynamite? A liger?” “Throw in a liger. Has Craig James ever bred a liger or a pegasus for the sole purpose of using it as quarry in a hunt?” “No, no, I don’t think so.” “Has Craig James ever attacked, or in any way threatened, Councilman Dwaine Caraway with a knife?” “No, I don’t think that has ever happened.” “All right. I just have a couple more here. Has Craig James ever built a house atop an Indian burial ground?” “No, I don’t think that has ever happened.” “One final question: can Craig James speak five languages?” “No. He can’t. Unless Texan is included.” “All right, Meredith. I appreciate your very frank answers to these questions.” “I have to say, besides Bob Garrett’s questions [a reporter in the Austin bureau of the Dallas Morning News], these have been the most hard-hitting questions I’ve had to answer on the campaign trail.” “We pride ourselves at D Magazine on conducting that sort of journalism.” “Thank you for bringing levity to my day. I appreciate that, Tim.” “All right, Meredith, thanks.” “Okay, thanks.” “I love you.” Controversy Politics & Government Tags: Craig James Five Hookers Meredith Turney Most Popular Edgefest Returns for 2017, Announces Lineup By Alex Macon Terri Hodge, Convicted Felon, Will Teach People How to Harvest Votes By Tim Rogers JLL Research: Dallas Is a 'Money Magnet' for Millennials By Lily Corral The Cutest Airbnbs in Dallas By Caitlin Clark Things To Do In Dallas This Weekend: Jan. 26-29 By Alex Macon Keep me up to date on the latest happenings and all that D Magazine has to offer. Comments Real AP Style Book “Internet ” needs to be capitalized in the seventh graf. cbs Not sure which is more surprising: 1. that both parties actually handled this interview with directness, style, and humor, or 2. that Craig James’ campaign continues. Nice work. Krista Nightengale @Real AP: It’s our style not to capitalize internet. We also did website as website while AP was still doing Web site. So we think we’re on to something. Eric Celeste Zac came up with a) half, b) 2/3, or c) all those and a dozen more that we can see on the DVD? PS: Meredith = best ever. Zac Crain @Eric: Panda, pegasus, Indian burial ground, and five languages. The ones that (unfortunately) did not make the cut were Mike Mooney’s. They were probably a little dark for someone who was being such a good sport about the whole thing. JS Still not a definitive denial. TimTim says, ““If YOU had killed five hookers, then the Google bomb excuse is the perfect cover. Hypothetically, you see what I’m saying.” The lovely Meredith Turney responds, “Yeah, no, I can categorically, definitively say that is absolutely untrue.” So she denied that she killed 5 hookers, but nowhere has Craig James denied it! Meredith beat you at your own game, Tim! Bill Marvel APstyle, Other than your own hubris in claiming to speak for the English language, why must internet be capitalized? nffcnnr Brilliant. I would love to hear the audio recording you made of this call. Feel free to add a “boing-ing-ing” sound at the end. Please post it soon. I love you. heels DGs are not technically hookers brett @Real AP: it’s actually “Internets”. Wes Mantooth So what do we really know now? Only that his campaign denies that number of the counting was 5, and that 5 should be the number of the counting. 5 is right out. But nobody knows about 3. It could be 3 dead hookers. Or 4. They haven’t denied this. SecRules KJK5H, ask around Dallas. DMBurrows re: Eaten a Panda. Yes he has, or rather thought he has. That’s why he eats at Panda Express. Phelps The downside of inflight wifi on an iPad: I don’t have access to photoshop, a photo of Meredith and The Photo. z The bearer bonds were in the basement. TheRealDirtyP1 CJK5H Wes Mantooth First, National Magazine Award. Now this gets linked to by Deadspin. @Zac Crain, I do not envy you having to abide His Majesty this week. Not one little bit. Tim Rogers @Wes Mantooth: You have no idea. Laura Byrom VOTE MIKE LEACH FOR TEXAS SENATE! Bill Marvel APstyle, Anybody who demands a capital i in either “internet” or “internets” would kill five hookers AND eat a panda steak. PatentLawya #rememberthe5! LongCat Real AP Style Book: You should have put the first letter of “Internet” in brackets, and “graf” isn’t a word. If you’re going to be pedantic, you really should stop altering quotes and making up words. MeanBobMean “I have not met a more honorable, decent human being than Craig James. He is a wonderful Christian man” I have, unless perhaps he was simply having a bad day I can say flatly he was a jerk when I met him at Patrizio’s in Plano. but then, Marilyn is paid to say things like that. Kind of makes you wonder about all these rumors about him. Mike G Of course Craig James never killed 5 hookers. Get real folks. You could not find five hookers who would even consider having sex with that douchebag. Brian @ Mike G – That’s why he killed them Cromulent So Craig James’s *spokesperson* denies the story that Craig James killed 5 hookers while at SMU. Can we get that denial from Craig himself? I mean, assuming he isn’t busy killing more hookers and all. Ladd Craig has always been and will always remain a LOSER! Skip Mize He supposedly started his killing spree at Stratford Senior High School in Houston, Texas. However, during that crime spree of his formative years, he was too much of a wimp to testify at a robbery trial. Shoneekwah Chartreuse Sugarhumphrey My second cousin on my momma’s side was one of those hard-workin’ girls who got involved with a player in the Dallas area in the early 80’s and she was one of the ones who lost their life. The pastor at our church, The Church of What’s Happening Now, over on East Rosedale Blvd. in Fort Worth has been counseling us and helping to make us safe from these types of monsters who thinks they be above the law! Mark I can’t believe Craig James got Mike Leach fired over nothing but typical coaching motivation tactics. He was a great coach and James should be ashamed for his actions. Brandon League No comments on this? Here’s one. Ted Z Cruz I am also commenting on this article Mavdog I will take this opportunity to comment on both your comments. carry on. MattL1 Just so we’re clear, what you’re saying is that Craig James definitely killed five hookers while at SMU. Tyler Thrower Why is everything in quotes….super annoying. D Magazine Partners 750 North St.Paul St. Suite 2100 Dallas, Texas 75201 Tel: 214.939.3636 Fax: 214.748.4579 CONTACT US Sections FrontBurner Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment Nightlife Home & Design Shopping & Fashion Health & Fitness Business & Economy Weddings Publications D Magazine D Home D CEO Subscribe Renew Subscriber Services Company Info About Us Masthead Job Openings Internships Awards Customer Service Advertise Media Kits Events Case Studies Contact Us Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Copyright © 2017, D Magazine Partners, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Advertisement will run for seconds. Continue to site »
Close English Español বাংলা русский Italiano Malagasy Ελληνικά Français Nederlands عربي polski Português Deutsch bahasa Indonesia македонски Magyar Swahili Български čeština 繁體中文 한국어 Filipino 日本語 ଓଡ଼ିଆ Aymara Esperanto မြန်မာ Shqip Türkçe नेपाली srpski 简体中文 Català Svenska Tetun اردو Română עברית ភាសាខ្មែរ हिन्दी پښتو كوردی Dansk አማርኛ فارسی See all those languages up there? We translate Global Voices stories to make the world's citizen media available to everyone. Learn more about Lingua Translation  » Newsletter Sign up to receive the best of Global Voices Email Address Email Frequency Daily Weekly Announcements unsubscribe from list About Us What is Global Voices? Our People Participate Partners Donate Contact Lingua Translation Services All topics AfricaAmericasAsiaEuropeMiddle EastPoliticsCultureHuman RightsDigital Activism Arts & Culture Breaking News Censorship Citizen Media Development Digital Activism Disaster Economics & Business Education Elections Environment Ethnicity & Race Film Food Freedom of Speech Gay Rights (LGBT) Good News Governance Health History Human Rights Humanitarian Response Humor Ideas Indigenous International Relations Labor Language Law Literature Media & Journalism Migration & Immigration Music Photography Politics Protest Refugees Religion Science Sport Technology Travel War & Conflict Women & Gender Youth Open-Source Information Reveals Pro-Kremlin Web Campaign Posted 13 July 2015 12:47 GMT Share this:       Graph showing shared use of Google Analytics, server software, and social media by websites in the network. [Full size 1 2] Image by Lawrence Alexander. In April of this year, Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty and the Guardian reported on the website вштабе.рф, a large photo gallery of pro-Russian memes and “demotivator” graphics. Most of these crude caricatures ridicule US, Western, and Ukrainian leaders, whilst portraying Vladimir Putin as strong and heroic. The site gives no credit or attribution for its design, and offers no indication as to who might be behind it. Intrigued by this anonymity, I used Maltego open-source intelligence software to gather any publicly-available information that might provide clues. The Secrets of Google Analytics My use of Maltego revealed that the site was running Google Analytics, a commonly used online analytics tool that allows a website owner to gather statistics on visitors, such as their country, browser, and operating system. For convenience, multiple sites can be managed under a single Google analytics account. This account has a unique identifying “UA” number, contained in the Analytics script embedded in the website's code. Google provides a detailed guide to the system's structure. Google Analytics account number for вштабе.рф, found at the bottom of the page's HTML code. Journalists and security experts have already raised the potential of this code to link anonymous websites to particular users. The method was reported by Wired in 2011, and cited by FBI cyber crime expert Michael Bazzell in his book Open Source Intelligence Techniques. Several free services have sprung up that allow easy reverse searching of Google Analytics ID numbers, one of the most popular being sameID.net. I wanted to see whether the person or organisation behind вштабе.рф was running any other sites from the same Analytics account. Viewing thewebsite's source code gave me the all-important Google Analytics ID number. When I performed a broader search on it, the results were surprising—it was linked to no less than seven other websites (archived copy). These included whoswho.com.ua (archive), apparently aimed at collating compromising information on Ukrainian officials, whilst purporting to be a Ukrainian project; Zanogo.com (archive), another repository of memes, many anti-Western; and yapatriot.ru (archive), which appears to be an attempt to discredit Russian opposition figures. Another of the websites using the same Analytics account was syriainform.com (archive), a site seemingly promoting an anti-US and pro-Assad slant on events in Syria. Most striking of all was the presence of Material Evidence—a website for the touring photo exhibition that has featured in several media investigations into its alleged pro-Kremlin connections. In 2014, Gawker reported on the New York show, commenting on its large, well-funded advertising campaign. They noted that its website was registered in St. Petersburg, which is confirmed by historic WHOIS records. Down the Rabbit Hole Whilst investigating the network of sites tied to account UA-53176102, I discovered that one, news-region.ru, had also been linked to a second Analytics account: UA-53159797 (archive). This number, in turn, was associated with a further cluster of nineteen pro-Kremlin websites. Subsequent examinations of these webpages revealed three more Analytics accounts, with additional sites connected to them. Below is a network diagram of the relationships I have established to date. Relationships between the websites and their Google Analytics account numbers. [Full size] Image by Lawrence Alexander.One of the websites in this larger network, emaidan.com.ua (archive) appears at first glance to be a legitimate information resource for the Ukrainian protest movement. But closer inspection shows it is laced with rising anti-Ukrainian sentiment, as if written by a disillusioned former Maidan supporter. putininfo.com (archive) is a glowing tribute to the Russian president, complete with “My Putin” social media accounts. At the time of writing, the Analytics codes remain unchanged and visible on most of these sites. My findings can easily be verified by viewing their source code, either in the browser or by saving the page and viewing it in a text editor. Besides Google Analytics, the websites had some other common traits: shared use of Yandex Metrika, Yandex Verification, and a Nginx server—all Russian-made tools—characterized the sites in the network. It became clear that I was most likely looking at a large, well-organised online information campaign. But whilst the Google Analytics code demonstrated shared involvement in and management of the websites, it couldn't tell me who was behind them. A Personal Connection? Spurred on by curiosity, I did a little more digging through publicly available information. Domain registration records in several places [1 2 3] revealed a second common factor: the e-mail address terder.n@gmail.com. [Archive: 1 2 3 4]. I found it to be associated not only with the majority of sites I had already identified, but also with a new group of websites, apparently still under construction. Their titles suggested themes similar to the existing network: either overt pro-Russian polemic, or more subtle disinformation under the guise of legitimate Ukrainian journalism. They included antiliberalism.com, dnepropetrovsknews.com and maidanreload.com. It took less than a minute of searching to link the e-mail address to a real identity. A group on Russian social networking site VKontakte [archive] lists it as belonging to one Nikita Podgorny. Podgorny's public Facebook profile shows he is a member of a group called Worldsochi—the exact same name as one of the websites linked by the two Google Analytics codes I examined. Nikita Podgorny's membership of Worldsochi Facebook group. Podgorny has a Pinterest account with only one pin [archive]—an infographic of Russia's space accomplishments taken from a site called infosurfing.ru. Whilst infosurfing.ru doesn't have an embedded Google Analytics code, it shares some similarities in image construction with several sites in the pro-Kremlin network. The online FotoForensics tool shows that images from infosurfing.ru [1 2 3], putininfo.com [1 2] and вштабе.рф [1 2] contain metadata sourced from the exact same version of software: Adobe XMP Core: 5.5-c014 79.151481, 2013/03/13-12:09:15. By itself this is not a unique identifier, but it might be suggestive of a connection, especially in the context of additional information about Podgorny's online persona. Most notably, Podgorny is listed in the leaked employee list of St. Petersburg's Internet Research Agency, the pro-Kremlin troll farm featured in numerous news reports and investigations, including RuNet Echo's own reports. Podgorny's date of birth, given on his public VK profile, is an exact match for that shown in the leaked document. Podgorny's date of birth, as shown on his VK profile, compared with listing in the leaked Internet Reseach Agency document. Podgorny is also VK friends with Igor Osadchy, who is named as a fellow employee in the same list. Osadchy has denied working for the Internet Reseach Agency, calling the leaks an “unsuccessful provocation.” Nikita Podgorny's VK association with Igor Osadchy. When contacted by Global Voices, Podgorny neither confirmed nor denied involvement in the websites, and would not comment further. In the next post on the pro-Kremlin website network, we will look in more detail at the content, the aims, and the ideology behind the websites. RuNet Echo author Aric Toler contributed translation and interpretation for this post. Share this: twitter facebook reddit googleplus Email Print version  Written byLawrence Alexander Recent RuNet Echo Stories 13 hours agoEastern & Central Europe A Russian Pilot Fights to Keep His Aging Aircraft From the Scrapheap 14 hours agoRussia Russian Political Prisoner Ildar Dadin Files Request to Move Prisons 1 day agoEastern & Central Europe Russian Developers Launch ‘Airbnb for Homophobes’ More » ←  Newer Comments  → Vladimir Andrienko Интересная информация. Марина Казанцева Thank you, very interesting & useful information wendoman такс такс такс што тут у нас мемы мемы мемыыы ахахаха наканецта Господи, эти придурки разоблачили мемесы. Теперь я видел всё. NATO loving trolls are morons If I had a penny for each and every time over the last year that I, an American citizen since birth, have been called a ‘putinbot’, a ‘Russian’, or some other such nonsense by Right Wing nitwits, then I would be richer than Donald Trump himself. Invariably what sets these morons off is simply the reality of somebody opposing more US Pentagon war making in Ukraine, which they do support. It reminds me of when people used to be called ‘nigger lovers’ all the time if they were not racist in the South. Now you are called a ‘putinbot’ instead. This commentary we are replying to feeds the nonsense of all these Right Winger morons that tell me I am supposedly paid to post online. IDIOTS! guest “an American citizen since birth” As if an American citizen could not be a pro-Kremlin idiot or a traitor to his nation. LES1 Gee ??? I guess that rather than being called a kremlinoid or a member of Putin’s “TV tribe”, he prefers to be called a “malicious useful idiot” or a plain Benedict Arnold ?? PS The Russian army invaded and stole land and resources from Ukraine and he has the audacity to state : “US Pentagon war making in Ukraine” !!! PPS Savchuk’s revelations about the agency have fascinated Russia not because they are shocking but because they confirm what everyone has long suspected: The Russian Internet is awash in trolls. “This troll business becomes more popular year by year,” says Platon Mamatov, who says that he ran his own troll farm in the Ural Mountains from 2008 to 2013. During that time he employed from 20 to 40 people, mostly students and young mothers, to carry out online tasks for Kremlin contacts and local and regional authorities from Putin’s United Russia party. Mamatov says there are scores of operations like his around the country, working for government authorities at every level. Because the industry is secretive, with its funds funneled through a maze of innocuous-sounding contracts and shell businesses, it is difficult to estimate exactly how many people are at work trolling today. But Mamatov claims “there are thousands — I’m not sure about how many, but yes, really, thousands.” http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/07/magazine/the-agency.html?_r=2 PPPS Late last year, I came across a Russian manual called Information-Psychological War Operations: A Short Encyclopedia and Reference Guide (The 2011 edition, credited to Veprintsev et al, and published in Moscow by Hotline-Telecom, can be purchased online at the sale price of 348 roubles). The book is designed for “students, political technologists, state security services and civil servants” – a kind of user’s manual for junior information warriors. The deployment of information weapons, it suggests, “acts like an invisible radiation” upon its targets: “The population doesn’t even feel it is being acted upon. So the state doesn’t switch on its self-defence mechanisms.” If regular war is about actual guns and missiles, the encyclopedia continues, “information war is supple, you can never predict the angle or instruments of an attack”. http://www.theguardian.com/news/2015/apr/09/kremlin-hall-of-mirrors-military-information-psychology?CMP=share_btn_tw PPPPS Call it Terrorism: The Unacknowledged Tactic of the Russian-Led Insurgency in Ukraine’s East By John E. Herbst June 26, 2014 John E. Herbst is a former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine and the director of the Dinu Patriciu Eurasia Center at the Atlantic Council. http://www.atlanticcouncil.org/blogs/new-atlanticist/call-it-terrorism-the-unacknowledged-tactic-of-the-russian-led-insurgency-in-ukraine-s-east NATO loving trolls are morons And as if I, as an American, am some how obligated to to be the same dumb shit sort of Right Winger as you and people like Palin and Trump are….. Right You, who are such a marx-ssid, should go to Northern Corea and not stink in the US. NATO loving trolls are morons Why? It stinks the worst right here in the US with all the garbage created by capitalism here. Concrete all over the damn place, and cars going around in circles with millions of utterly vapid people farting out their hamburgers inside their own vehicles. We, the USA, is the leader in garbage production, including your own stupid vapid comment, Idiot. guest That’s why you have been told: Go to North Korea. No cars, no hamburgers. No, really, why are you still living in the US if you hate this country? NATO loving trolls are morons I don’t hate the country. I just despise people like you who live in it…. You Right Wing idiots disgrace the US! Nikita Voronin Identifying themselves as “american citizens” is actually a common theme for russian nazi-trolls. The idea is to have more appeal to the US or perhaps other western readers by placing themselves in the “our/us/we” category. And then they try to impress you with some uhmm… “critical thinking” by stating that NATO is evil, the US is only some racist entity and the Western world is run by war-mongers and extreme rightwingers. It’s a typical pattern, probably based on a trolling guidebook or sth. NATO loving trolls are morons You are a real genius! ‘Identifying themselves as “american citizens” is actually a common theme for russian nazi-trolls.’ And I guess that if you actually are an American being falsely accused of being Russian by morons like yourself, then we should respond that we live in Moscow //// You are a true moron, Dude. And you say your name is just what???? ‘Nikita Dumkoff”? Nikita Voronin It seems the article and some comments have really stirred you up. Try to relax! NATO loving trolls are morons Is that what you do, Nicky? You ‘relax’ and then fart out your shit onto the screen? citicrab It’s obvious you are a Russian professional troll. Your initial post had nothing to do with the subject of the article, was meant to divert attention from it and manufacture a faux controversy. It’s a well-known and – researched diversionary tactics. I am not trying to argue with you, as there is no subject – my post is meant for the naive responders to your provocations that help you muddy up the discussion of a well-researched article. NATO loving trolls are morons Whatever, Teach, you dumbass moron and….. ‘…my post is meant for the naive responders to your provocations that help you muddy up the discussion of a well-researched article.’ …pompous ass. Right The fact that you pass to personal insults shows that you lost the discussion. What can you say, really? A typical leftist attitude: if you have nothing to say, just yell out loudly. Marx-ssidic shit. Massif1 I believe you’re the guy from the troll factory that will be turning off the light. You have been writing solemnly on pro-Ukrainian articles and articles that target Russian disinformation campaigns. Go get a job selling Ladas or something. NATO loving trolls are morons DumbAss. I’ll keep on expressing my opinions from right here in the USA all I want, You Right Winger Morons simply don’t speak for everybody, and you never will either, Now go stick it up Trump’s you know where…. Massif1 Take your meds, guy. NATO loving trolls are morons Do you always like to jerk off with ad hominem crap, Moron? Istvan Great. Do that. Appreciate that. And be glad that you can do that freely without the fear of punishment Istvan Are you really saying this article is not legit purely because you are a US Citizen and a Putin supporter without being on Putin’s payroll? doroteo arango yawn… Anybody who says anything against US foreign policy these days now gets told stupidly that they are automatically “putin supporters’. Not only do we now have a new cold war but we have a new Joe McCarthy Era too! Istvan Pot, kettle. You call everyone right wing, Trump and Palin supporters for no reason. Istvan Bullshit. There is plenty of legitimate debate (even among the democratic rank and file) on specifics of US policy, including but not limited to the Iran deal, Gitmo, the China policy. If you fall for or knowingly advance Putin’s propaganda and purpose you are a Putin tool however. Massif1 If you love Russia so much Delta can fly you to Moscow. NATO loving trolls are morons Thanks, but I do not want a Right Winger nitwit like you to be any sort of travel guide for me. It really pisses you fugs up a lot that Russia is a sometimes independent of the US voice in the world today. Ionutz Yountz you tell ’em Reynaldo apparently you have much in common with the Zetas; siempre vacua NATO loving trolls are morons Sure, Urnutz, I like to cut off a head at least once a week, and you are a head that just fell into the mud, Moron. Ionutz Yountz Perhaps you require a dictionary, ESL students must have them. Obviously logic isnt your strong suit either maybe a primer on logical fallacies is in order. enjoy your flea circus. NATO loving trolls are morons Yawn…. I believe it is you that has spent a lot of time as a student in ESL, NuttyUzzzz. Joe Morton Turnabout is fair play. Here’s hoping all the NATO and Kiev trolls get their crap hacked by CyberBerkut and all the US/UK gov payoffs via Atlantic Council to this moron Eliot Higgins come out. As if there isn’t an army of moronic Kiev and NATO trolls who obsessively monitor the #Mh17 hash tag on Twitter 24/7 with names like RoarBro, ASpinoftheWheel and MJoyce (the tuba playing bastard who never sleeps and is probably some Pentagon psyops bot experiment). Any US, Polish or eurotrash Swedish and Italian Nazi mercs who fought for the criminals in Kiev deserve to be outed too. Joe Morton Global Voices is just another Soros operation anyway, like the CIA slush fund ‘Open Society Institute’. Dear Kiev trolls clogging this thread I’m an American and I for one, resent your failed state pathetic country dominated by idiots and Bandera worshipping Nazis sponging off my tax money. You had your Maidan and your stupid war on Donbass kids and babushkas but want ME to pay for it, well go scrub a toilet in Poland if they’ll let you in once Daddy Warbucks Soros and the SBU Nazi thugs don’t have a trolling job for you anymore. Dirk Smith You Putinist parrots need some new material. Geez, robotic morons…… odikhmantievich They could certainly do with some of your originality – simply calling everyone you disagree with a putinbot rather than responding to their argument. Btw, the Open Society Institute’s filings are publicly available. Check them out yourself if you want: 990s.foundationcenter.org/990pf_pdf_archive/137/137029285/137029285_201312_990PF.pdf Ionutz Yountz i dont call u a putin bot i call you vacauous safely tucked away in the west where you can cry wahhhhhmbulance! at your obvious leisure. Funny how those so far away from real bad intentioned ammo flying around have the most nonsalient info. bagamaispula NATO loving trolls are morons Idiot, much of my family lives on the US- Mexican border INSIDE Tamaulipas. You are so full of it, and you don’t even have the slightest clue! Ionutz Yountz so im clueless lol sitting right now less than 200 miles from bullets champ but then a western hemi guy gonna tell me all about eastern europe – vacuous NATO loving trolls are morons I’m in the US, but my immediate family is dual citizenship. You are one dull ass dummy, YouisNuts. It’s not hard to understand if you are not a complete idiot. SOME of my extended family lives in a war zone that is in some ways much worse than what is going on in Donbas. You are an idiot. ‘Sitting right now less than 200 miles from the ongoing Russian aggression champ but then a western hemi guy gonna tell me all about eastern europe – vacuous’ You hardly make any sense at all with your scribbles…. I know that you think that you are fluent in English, but yor really aren’t. Ionutz Yountz whatever you say champ Ionutz Yountz you only have Enrique’s fecklessness and corruption, El Chive’s worthless ass, his minions the Metros and the Ciciones or whatevr name they’re using this week to blame for that NATO loving trolls are morons Keep trying. Eventually you might actually say something semi coherent…. Rookamillion Oh I see…. You’re not a Putinbot….. You’re just an asshole! XD doroteo arango How original you are! wendoman ROFL This is a strong evidence for Hague Tribunal guest Another funny picture: Pingback: Pro_Kremlin Machine Right in Front of YOU | The DENISE SIMON EXPERIENCE Blog() Pingback: Pro-Kremlin Machine Right in Front of YOU |() Pingback: Pro-Kremlin Machine Right in Front of YOU | BROADCAST WORLDWIDE: WEDNESDAYS @ 12:05AM (ET)() Pingback: Pro-Kremlin Machine Right in Front of YOU | NoisyRoom.net() Pingback: Trevor Loudon's New Zeal Blog » Pro-Kremlin Machine Right in Front of YOU() ←   Newer Comments  → This post is part of RuNet Echo, a Global Voices project to interpret the Russian language internet. All Posts · Learn more Written byLawrence Alexander Translations Read this post in Magyar, русский, Italiano, Español Categories Topics Citizen Media Digital Activism Politics Technology RuNet Echo Share this story: Tweet      Top World Stories Caribbean Puerto Rico Celebrates Political Prisoner Oscar López Rivera's Release Oceania Australia Day Ads Promoting Diversity Stir Controversy Before National Holiday Eastern & Central Europe The Tyrants Bring the Invaders: What Follows After Russia Helps Secure Assad's Victory Latin America These Venezuelans Have Some Ideas to Share With Trump Opponents Contributors View all contributors » Menu About Us What is Global Voices? Our People Participate Partners Donate Contact Lingua Translation Services Newsletter Sign up to receive the best of Global Voices Email Address Email Frequency Daily Weekly Announcements unsubscribe from list Sponsors Show all » This site is licensed as Creative Commons Attribution 3.0. Please read our attribution policy to learn about freely redistributing our work  Some Rights Reserved Receive great stories from around the world directly in your inbox. Sign up to receive the best of Global Voices Email Address Email Frequency Daily Weekly Announcements unsubscribe from list No thanks, show me the site
Close Skip to main content The Guardian Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech opinion opinion home Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning columnists sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home books music art & design tv & radio stage classical film games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel tech What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out change your edition switch to the UK edition switch to the US edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International apps jobs crosswords video Facebook Twitter soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Australian Open 2017 Roger Federer blitzes Tomas Berdych at Australian Open 2017 – as it happened Roger Federer will play Kei Nishikori in the fourth round after crushing Tomas Berdych in straight sets Dan Evans beats Bernard Tomic in Australian Open round three Djokovic endures horror show of paralysis and self-doubt Updated Roger Federer fires a backhand against Tomas Berdych. Photograph: Cameron Spencer/Getty Images Jacob Steinberg @JacobSteinberg Friday 20 January 2017 07.12 EST First published on Friday 20 January 2017 02.05 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 7.09am EST 07:09 Roger Federer beats Tomas Berdych 6-2, 6-4, 6-4! 6.40am EST 06:40 Roger Federer wins the second set to lead 6-2, 6-4! 6.05am EST 06:05 Roger Federer wins the first set 6-2! 11.36am EST 11:36 Preamble Live feed Show 7.12am EST 07:12 Roger Federer laps up the acclaim from the crowd, who are giving him a standing ovation after that destruction of poor Tomas Berdych, who waves and puffs out his cheeks as he walks off. That took all of 90 minutes for Federer. “I always felt against better ranked players, you lift your game,” Federer says. “I didn’t expect it to go quite this hard. I had no expectations. In practice things were going well, but I’ve never been the practice king.” He’s still the king in other ways, though, and it promises to be a fascinating occasion when he faces Kei Nishikori in the fourth round on Sunday. That’s all from me for today. Thanks for reading. Bye. Roger Federer looks pleased with his win. Photograph: Lukas Coch/EPA Updated at 7.25am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.09am EST 07:09 Roger Federer beats Tomas Berdych 6-2, 6-4, 6-4! Federer whips a backhand pass beyond Berdych for 15-0, before a punchy forehand makes it 30-0. An ace down the middle brings up three match points. He squanders the first with a dismal backhand, but a beautiful backhand on the second wraps it up. That was an absurd performance from, er, the world No17. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.07am EST 07:07 Third set: Federer 6-2, 6-4, 5-4 Berdych* (*denotes server): Berdych is taken to deuce, Federer attempting to get this done without having to serve for it, and a struggle ensues. But Berdych holds with an ace in the end. Federer will have to serve for it. He’s going to have stay on court for another two or three minutes! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.59am EST 06:59 Third set: Federer* 6-2, 6-4, 5-3 Berdych (*denotes server): Federer holds to love and moves a game away from the fourth round. This is a masterclass. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.56am EST 06:56 Third set: Federer 6-2, 6-4, 4-3 Berdych* (*denotes server): Berdych holds again, but the tension that was present on Rod Laver Arena at the start of this match has completely evaporated. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.53am EST 06:53 Third set: Federer* 6-2, 6-4, 4-2 Berdych (*denotes server): Federer holds to love, another pearler of a backhand from left to night effortlessly doing the trick. Roger Federer eyes the ball as he readies himself to hit a backhand return. Photograph: Andy Brownbill/AP Updated at 7.04am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.51am EST 06:51 Third set: Federer 6-2, 6-4, 3-2 Berdych* (*denotes server): Berdych hangs in there, holding to 15. At least he hasn’t given up. He could have been forgiven for booking his plane ticket home half an hour ago. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.48am EST 06:48 Third set: Federer* 6-2, 6-4, 3-1 Berdych (*denotes server): Berdych gets to 30-all here. Federer responds with an ace and holds to 30 when he comes out on top at the net. Roger Federer serves to Thomas Berdych. Photograph: Cameron Spencer/Getty Images Updated at 7.28am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.46am EST 06:46 Third set: Federer 6-2, 6-4, 2-1 Berdych* (*denotes server): Berdych holds, but there’s simply no covering up this wound. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.45am EST 06:45 Third set: Federer* 6-2, 6-4, 2-0 Berdych (*denotes server): Federer easily consolidates the break. His world ranking is a bit misleading, isn’t it. If he’s the world’s 17th best tennis player, next you’ll be telling me they’re going to inaugurate Donald Trump as the next president of the United States of America! Ha! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.42am EST 06:42 Third set: Federer 6-2, 6-4, 1-0 Berdych* (*denotes server): Some fans are already giving Federer a standing ovation. One spectacular backhand down the line earns him a break point. Another one down the line is enough to confirm that he isn’t playing the same sport as Berdych. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.40am EST 06:40 Roger Federer wins the second set to lead 6-2, 6-4! Serving for the second set, Federer reads a Berdych backhand pass and digs out a stupendous backhand volley at the net, polishing the point off with an overhead to lead 15-0. Some of his volleys have been ridiculous. It’s not long before he has two set points. He’s giving Berdych the runaround here. In attempting to decipher Federer’s game, Berdych looks like he’s been asked to solve climate change by the end of the day. Federer can’t take the first set point, but he converts the second when Berdych sends a return long off a second serve. Federer leads by two sets in under an hour. Updated at 6.42am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.33am EST 06:33 Second set: Federer 6-2, 5-4 Berdych* (*denotes server): Berdych holds and Federer will have to serve for the second set. It’s highly unlikely that Berdych will be coming back from two sets down, so he needs to come up with a salvage operation pretty quickly. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.29am EST 06:29 Second set: Federer* 6-2, 5-3 Berdych (*denotes server): The Federer backhand is purring. So’s the forehand. So’s the serve. That spells doom for Berdych. Another love hold for Federer and he’s a game away from a two-set lead and a meeting with Kei Nishikori. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.27am EST 06:27 Second set: Federer 6-2, 4-3 Berdych* (*denotes server): Berdych holds. He’s not out of this yet. But he has to work out a way to make an impact on Federer’s serve, else he will be soon. Tomas Berdych makes a backhand return to Roger Federer. Photograph: Kin Cheung/AP Updated at 7.04am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.24am EST 06:24 Second set: Federer* 6-2, 4-2 Berdych (*denotes server): Another straightforward hold for Federer. Berdych hasn’t been close to earning a break point yet. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.20am EST 06:20 Second set: Federer 6-2, 3-2 Berdych* (*denotes server): At 30-15, Federer brilliantly flicks a backhand down the line, only for Berdych to stretch and win the point with a forehand volley. He stays in touch with an ace to hold. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.18am EST 06:18 Second set: Federer* 6-2, 3-1 Berdych (*denotes server): Federer holds to 15 and Berdych isn’t laying a glove on a 35-year-old who’s barely played for six months. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.15am EST 06:15 Second set: Federer 6-2, 2-1 Berdych* (*denotes server): Berdych holds to love with an ace, but it’s not enough to wipe the frown off his face. He knows he’s being embarrassed here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.13am EST 06:13 Second set: Federer* 6-2, 2-0 Berdych (*denotes server): More sublime tennis from Federer is enough for a routine hold. What is Berdych meant to do? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.12am EST 06:12 Second set: Federer 6-2, 1-0 Berdych* (*denotes server): Berdych looks utterly clueless at the moment. He can’t hit through Federer, but his desperation to do so is leading to errors. Federer has two break points. He nets a forehand return on the first, but Berdych knocks a forehand wide on the second. Federer is in complete control, up a set and a break, and heading towards a fourth round match against Kei Nishikori, who’s just beaten Lukas Lacko in three sets. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.05am EST 06:05 Roger Federer wins the first set 6-2! Serving for the set, Federer loses the first point when he nets a backhand volley. But Berdych misses a chance for 0-30, missing a forehand pass, and Federer quickly earns two set points with a stunning reactive volley at the net. He can’t take the first. No problem. Berdych nets a return and the first set is done in under half an hour. I’m calling it: Federer v Nadal in the final. Updated at 6.06am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.02am EST 06:02 First set: Federer 5-2 Berdych* (*denotes server): Federer is having fun, so everyone except Tomas Berdych is having fun. He feathers a drop shot over the net to make it 15-all, Berdych’s movement exposed again. Berdych gathers himself and moves to 40-15. A delicious half volley from Federer makes it 40-30, and the game goes to deuce after another error from Berdych. A rasping return from Federer earns him a break point, which effectively doubles up as a set point, and even his luck’s in at the moment. A backhand slice clips the top of the net and lands on Berdych’s side, with the Czech still loitering near the baseline and unable to reach the dropping ball. Federer will serve for the first set after 23 minutes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.55am EST 05:55 First set: Federer* 4-2 Berdych (*denotes server): Federer consolidates the break, holding to 30. Rod Laver is in the crowd today. He’ll approve of what he’s watching. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.52am EST 05:52 First set: Federer 3-2 Berdych* (*denotes server): Federer is looking bright and positive, running round a forehand to clobber a clean one down the line for 0-15. He’s dominating quite a few of these rallies. He finds the line with another forehand and although Berdych lofts it back, Federer charges to the net to punch a volley away for 0-30. That’s his 10th winner. Berdych responds with his fourth, a crisp forehand making it 15-30, but Federer has two break points when the Czech nets a forehand. He only needs one. Federer’s pulling Berdych all over the pace here, as though he has him on a string, and a forehand pushes the Czech wide and forces him to net his riposte. The first break goes to Federer, who is suddenly, ominously, into his groove. A graceful Roger Federer hits a forehand. Photograph: Jason Reed/Reuters Updated at 7.08am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.48am EST 05:48 First set: Federer* 2-2 Berdych (*denotes server): Federer breezes into a 40-0 lead, serving brilliantly, before wrongfooting Berdych with a forehand straight out of Mensa. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.45am EST 05:45 First set: Federer 1-2 Berdych* (*denotes server): The two trade heavy blows from the baseline on the opening point and the rally ends with Federer cuffing a trademark backhand down the line for 0-15, a backhand so regal I assume it’s going to appear in an episode of the The Crown at some point. Berdych doesn’t look fazed in the presence of tennis royalty, though. A huge ace down the middle makes it 30-15; a forehand winner sees him hold to 15. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.43am EST 05:43 First set: Federer* 1-1 Berdych (*denotes server): The crowd’s clearly on Federer’s side, cheering loudly when he wins the first point with an accurate serve down the middle, then when Berdych nets a forehand to make it 30-0. Two double-faults from Federer make it 30-all, but an ace makes it 40-30 and he holds with another solid serve. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.40am EST 05:40 First set: Federer 0-1 Berdych* (*denotes server): Off we go, Tomas Berdych opening the serving in front of an excitable Rod Laver Arena. He wins the first three points easily, Federer shanking three backhands to make it 40-0, and Berdych holds to love with an ace. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.34am EST 05:34 Tok! Tok! Tok! The players are knocking up. If Tomas Berdych needs any further encouragement, he should remember that he has pulled off two big wins over Roger Federer in the past, beating him at Wimbledon in 2010 and the US Open in 2012. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.33am EST 05:33 Roger Federer and Tomas Berdych, then. Federer beat the Czech in straight sets here last year, but our tennis correspondent, Kevin Mitchell, has been telling me to put money on Berdych today. Is Kevin an astute observer of the game or a lazy bias journalist? His reasoning is based on Federer’s lack of match practice after last year’s injury problems. There would have been a feeling of inevitability about this one in the past – Berdych hasn’t beaten the Swiss since 2013, trails their head-to-head 16-6 and has lost their past five – but Federer has looked understandably rusty this week. Having slipped to 17th in the world as a result of his knee problems, this will give us a good indication of how Federer’s feeling. Berdych, the 10th seed, has the kind of power game that could expose any slow movement from Federer. Equally, however, Federer has the imagination to unbalance Berdych. It’s all to play for. The players are out on court. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.25am EST 05:25 After a little wobble, Kei Nishikori is two sets up against Lukas Lacko. He leads 6-4, 6-4. Kei Nishikori blasts a forehand back to Lukas Lacko. Photograph: Paul Crock/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 6.08am EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.21am EST 05:21 Ashleigh Barty held the advantage in the third set on Rod Laver Arena, but Mona Barthel was undeterred. Trailing 3-2 , the German broke back and four straight games were enough to seal a 6-4, 3-6, 6-3 win over the Australian. All of which means that Roger Federer and Tomas Berdych will be on court imminently. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Australian Open 2017 Australian Open Tennis Australia sport Roger Federer Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › Australian Open 2017 back to top soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home News Companies Mobile Gadgets Opinion Cyber Security Multimedia Fin24 TechNews Speed of AI advancements 'surprise' Google co-founder 2017-01-20 09:17 - Adam Satariano Post a comment 0 share: A Google sign is seen at the company's headquarters in Mountain View. (Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP) RELATED ARTICLES Microsoft boss doesn’t want AI to ‘replace’ people Here come 'smart stores' with robots, interactive shelves Amazon sold 'millions' of AI speakers for holiday Davos - Google’s parent company Alphabet has been one of the world’s biggest spenders on artificial intelligence. The advancements have even surprised company co-founder Sergey Brin. Speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Brin said that when he was in charge of Alphabet’s research group he didn’t pay much attention to a team working on artificial intelligence. Now the technology, operated by a division of the company called Google Brain, touches nearly every piece of its business, including translation, photography and advertising. "This revolution," Brin said, "has been very profound and definitely surprised me even though I was right in there and could throw paper clips at them." Business leaders, politicians, economists and others attending the annual Davos retreat in the Swiss mountains have been debating the political and economic fallout from the globalisation policies that conference attendees have long advocated. Advances in artificial intelligence and automation are ushering in changes to industries ranging from manufacturing to law, threatening to eliminate many jobs. Brin said technology’s evolution is "inherently chaotic" and changes require debate about the proper ways for society to adjust. "These are deep and powerful philosophical questions but I don’t know that we’re equipped to answer them," said Brin, adding that education should be more easily available. Expressing optimism, Brin said automation may allow people to take up more intellectually demanding, creative or artistic pursuits. "Some of the more mundane tasks are alleviated through technology and people will find more and more creative and meaningful ways to spend their time," he said. Still, he cautioned that the future is impossible to predict. "It’s an incredible time and it’s very hard to forecast what can these things do," he said. "We don’t really know the limits." Brin, who co-founded Google with Stanford classmate Larry Page in 1998, said it was his first trip to Davos in eight years. Observing the soul-searching among those attending about globalization’s impact on people’s lives, Brin joked that it reminded him of another event he’s attended. "I kind of feel like I’m at Burning Man," he said. "Almost. Except we’re all wearing clothes." Read more about: google  |  ai  |  artificial intelligence share: More In This Category Vodacom, Please Call Me creator in legal deadlock Facebook VR head leaves unfinished business at Xiaomi JUST IN: UberEATS extends to Cape Town Facebook hires Xiaomi’s Barra to lead VR efforts Most Popular Read BlackBerry to debut 'Mercury' smartphone with keypad Vodacom, Please Call Me creator in legal deadlock JUST IN: UberEATS extends to Cape Town Nintendo Switch: SA launch date, pricing announced Why SA's new ICT policy could break the industry Contact us   |   About Us   |   Terms & Conditions NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |    
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! LG Partners with Google and Amazon to Feature AI on the G6 and Other Devices GO The phone will be announced during MWC next month Jan 20, 2017 06:56 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  LG is more than a month away from announcing its latest flagship phone, the G6. The company will be hosting a conference in Barcelona on February 26 to announce a new phone that would allow users to “See more, Play more,” as its invite suggests. Information about the new phone keeps pouring in, and the latest comes from a report by Business Korea which claims that LG is actively seeking to collaborate with Google and Amazon on incorporating artificial intelligence voice assistant Google Assistant in its devices. The report claims that the G6 will include Google Assistant, while a number of other LG smart devices could be equipped with Amazon’s Alexa this year. It does seem likely, considering that Amazon was somewhat the star of CES 2017, although the company didn’t announce any new products. Instead, it equipped many devices with its Alexa AI, including Huawei’s Mate 9. A number of LG devices, including fridges, already incorporate Amazon’s Alexa, which would make it very easy for the company to feature the AI voice assistant on new phones as well. LG G6 with Google Assistant and new design Google’s Assistant is currently featured exclusively on Pixel and Pixel XL phones, as well as on a number of Google products like Home. It seems a bit unlikely for Google to give up on the exclusivity of Google Assistant AI, but it’s not improbable. If it were to borrow Google Assistant to other OEMs, LG would be the perfect fit, considering that the company was the developer of a Nexus phone and that it will be manufacturing the upcoming Google smartwatches, set to run the latest Android Wear 2.0. Therefore, Google Assistant would incorporate voice and image recognition features, smart replies, and more. With artificial intelligence, the G6 will become a true competitor to other flagships set to be announced this year. We’ll know for sure if Google Assistant will indeed be featured on the new G6 during the phone’s unveiling on February 26. #LG#G6#Alexa#Google Assistant#Amazon subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news LG Sends Invites for G6 Announcement on the Eve of MWC LG Conducts Extensive Battery Tests on the G6 to Avoid Overheating LG Teases the G6 as the “Ideal Smartphone” with Bigger Screen and Smaller Body LG G6 to Be Released on March 10, Ahead of Samsung Galaxy S8 New LG G6 Leaked Picture Shows Metal Frame, Thin Bezels Microsoft Releases Windows 10 Cumulative Update KB3216755 Apple in Trouble As More Buyers Get the iPhone 6s Instead of the iPhone 7 LeakedSource Website Goes Dark Shazam Adds Three App Shortcuts for Faster Song Recognition on Android Phones LG Files Patent Applications for Foldable Smartphones Alcatel to Announce Five New Smartphones During MWC 2017 Windows 10 Mobile Start Screen vs. iOS Home Screen: Beauty and the Beast    LG G6 announcement teaser New Android APKs Brave Browser APK: Updated January 27th, 14:13 GMT Signal APK: Updated January 27th, 14:10 GMT PokeAlert - Notification for Pokemon GO APK: Updated January 27th, 14:08 GMT SmartThings Mobile APK: Updated January 27th, 14:07 GMT Newsroom APK: Updated January 27th, 14:03 GMT United Airlines APK: Updated January 27th, 14:01 GMT Reddit APK: Updated January 27th, 13:56 GMT Reader comments Sony Rolls Out Xperia X Concept Build with Battery Saver Mode more on: Sony i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Home News Politics Metro Sport Entertainment Music Opinion Education Health Interview Daily Post Ghana Home Latest News News Politics Metro Entertainment Sport Home » News » Pastor sacked over MMM dominates Google trends Pastor sacked over MMM dominates Google trends By Daily Post Staff on January 20, 2017@dailypostngr The search engine, Google, says that trending most on its site is the sacking of Joseph Aiyedun, a pastor with the popular Nigerian church, Omega Fire Ministries. The Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager, Anglophone West Africa, Mr Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, said in a statement in Lagos that the pastor was sacked for registering with the controversial ponzi scheme, popularly known as MMM. He said that the development, according to Google Trends, topped searches from January 11 to January 18. Kola-Ogunlade said that the scheme surprised many operators this year when it resumed its activities after freezing their accounts for a month. He said that MMM on resumption of operations had said that it would give priorities to the poor in its Give Help payments, while the rich would have to wait for some time. The Google spokesman also said that Nollywood star, Tontoh Dikeh, seeking for forgiveness from her colleague, Mercy Johnson, on social media was also top on Google search this week. “To err is Tonto Dikeh, to forgive is Mercy Johnson,’’ Kola-Ogunlade had quoted Dikeh as saying. “Tonto Dikeh went on social media to seek the forgiveness from Johnson who she insulted four years ago, for which Johnson replied immediately, telling her she forgave her wholeheartedly. “Dikeh has also raised questions on her marriage as she recently dropped the last name of her husband and the description ‘wife’ from her social media page. The Google manager said that in honouring past heroes, the release of 257 Boko Haram detainees got people’s attention online. He said, “While honouring its fallen heroes at the 2017 Armed Forces Remembrance Day in Maiduguri, the Nigerian Army announced the release of 257 Boko Haram detainees detained by the Borno State Government. “The detainees were released after investigations revealed that they had no links with Boko Haram.” He said that Chuks Okebata, the murdered US Army veteran, got people’s attention online. He said, “The wife of murdered US Army veteran, Chuks Okebata, who was kidnapped and murdered by yet-to-be-identified gun men, has affirmed that she is not guilty of murder. “This followed the release of a video by the deceased’s sister, which showed him in a quarrel with his wife.” The Google manager said that other trending stories this week include Gambia’s President Yahya Jammeh, who has insisted he would not step aside for the inauguration of the newly elected leader, Adama Barrow. Other trending stories include surfing to know the score line for the European Premier League result and AFCON 2017. Top Stories: Buhari: New photos of President in London emerges PHOTONEWS: Ondo State House of Assembly Paymaster caught with ‘Ghana-Must-Go’ loaded with money Buhari: Presidency reveals date of President’s return 14 Ondo lawmakers sack Speaker Kogi governor, Yahayah Bello is a rat, not member of APC – Dino Melaye Why Reps may order arrest of CBN Governor, AGF Defend Christians, your silence annoying – CAN charges Osinbajo Southern Kaduna killings: Northern Christians Politicians ‘reveal’ perpetrators You should be praying for Buhari, not campaigning for 2019 – PDP carpets Okorocha Oyegun plotting to sack Tinubu, Atiku from APC – Timi Frank You may also like... I warned you about MMM but you listened to Yahoo pastors – OAP Freeze mocks Nigerians MMM Nigeria Lead Guider, Chuddy Ugorji, wife flee to Philippines MMM: Redeemed church warns pastors, members against participating in Ponzi scheme Copyright © Daily Post Nigeria Advertise Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy-Policy Terms
  :( error 404 The requested article or resource you are trying to access has been moved or deleted. To start over visit our homepage.  
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In STARTUPS More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Startups Companies Deals M&A Venture Capital People Data Corner Global Trend Tracking ALL News » Startups » Companies » India number one in Google Play app downloads, usage India number one in Google Play app downloads, usageShalina Pillai However, in Google Play’s worldwide revenue, India does not feature even in the top 10, indicating that Google has a long way to go in terms of monetizing its enviable adoption in the country. | TNN | Jan 20, 2017, 10.26 AM IST Mobile users in India downloaded the most number of apps from Google Play app store in 2016. With over 6 billion app downloads, India, which was in the third position in 2015, surpassed the US, according to a report by global app analytics firm App Annie. Brazil took the third spot with a little over 5 billion downloads. China is not part of the Google Play (Android) rankings because the country has blocked Google. However, it was No. 1 in iOS (Apple) app store downloads. The report indicated that India could widen its gap with others in Android app downloads given its still low penetration of smartphones. "India's phenomenal progress (in downloads) over the past two years is even more impressive when considering its potential for further gains. In 2016, India surpassed the US as the second largest smartphone market due in large part to a rise in domestically produced smartphones. This is only the beginning, however, as India's smartphone penetration is still below 30% and its overall economy is poised for massive growth," the report said. India was well ahead of all the others in terms of the total time spent on apps. Out of the total of 900 billion hours spent on Android apps in 2016, 150 billion hours were spent by Indians. This was followed by Brazil (about 115 billion) and the US (about 90 billion). The total of 900 billion hours, which is 25% higher than in 2015, translates to an average of roughly two hours per Android phone user per day. Due to their exploding user bases and increase in time spent per user, emerging markets like India, Brazil, Indonesia and Mexico accounted for four of the top five countries by total time spent on Android apps. However, in Google Play's worldwide revenue, India does not feature even in the top 10, indicating that Google has a long way to go in terms of monetizing its enviable adoption in the country. India did not figure in the top 10 countries for iOS downloads either. That was dominated by China, the US, Japan, UK, and Russia. But India was on top in terms of user engagement of the downloaded apps. The average number of apps used by an iPhone user per month in India was approximately 37, a close second to China's 38. Indian iPhone users were also on top when it came to installing the maximum number of shopping apps. With close to five shopping apps installed per iPhone user on an average, the number was greater than that of South Korea, US, UK and China. Worldwide, the annual app downloads, including both iOS app store and Google Play, saw an increase of more than 13 billion, and reached over 90 billion in 2016, App Annie said. Out of this, approximately 60 billion app downloads came from Google Play, which saw an increase of almost 10 billion last year. For iOS app download growth, China was the primary driver, accounting for almost 80% of the growth. Facebook and its messenger service, Whatsapp, Instagram, and Snapchat remained the most downloaded apps in 2016 for both iOS app store and Google Play. PokemonGo, a Pokemon hunting game launched by US-based Niantic, attracted millions of non-gamers in 2016 and emerged as the most downloaded game in both iOS and Google Play store Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-black money campaign CRITICSUNION Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai More from The Times of India Rakesh Roshan won't watch Shah Rukh Khan's 'Raees' Ranveer Singh can rock kajal better than you! Donald Trump expected to order temporary ban on refugees From the Web More From The Times of India Grade a commercial property leased to blue-chip tenant @ 9%Property Share Help single mother save her baby daughter!Milaap 7 movies you won’t believe Hrithik Roshan rejected!CRITICSUNION Grade A commercial property leased to blue-chip tenant @ 9%Property Share Help this 11-year-old fight acute Cancer!Milaap Dev Patel earns Oscar nomination for 'Lion' NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' Flat stomach food guide 2 dead, 129 injured during jallikattu in Tamil Nadu Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular No grand alliance in UP? SP rules out tie-up with RLD Brexit trade deal with India ‘at risk’ without visa reform Senior IAS officer sacked in 'public interest' after poor performance review Help little Harish undergo a liver transplant Ad: Milaap President Trump, Melania share 'first dance' at inaugural ball US President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania had their first dance at the Inaugural Ball in Washington DC. Vice President Mike Pence and his wife Karen also joined the couple on stage, along with the Pence and Trump children. Bank loan turns deadly for Bathinda farmer family, claims 4 lives Poll-bound Punjab, which will go to polls on February 4, saw a farmer's family fighting to survive amidst the levied bank loans on them in Bhatinda. From around the Web 7 Bollywood celebrities who hail from royal families CRITICSUNION Save Shrayansh from a life-crippling disorder Milaap 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-corruption campaign CRITICSUNION Help Saeeda recover from brain tumour! Milaap More From The Times of India Four days on, cops nab Boring Road molesters Times of India Peace with Pakistan: Give Tomorrow A Chance TOI Website drone hunt for tiger​: 80-member team, drone hunt for tiger TOI Website Read Morewhatsapp instagramiPhoneIOSInstagramGoogle Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Myntra's largest vendor Vector E-Commerce sees revenue grow 40% to Rs 1,747 crore JSW Group plans to make electric vehicles in India by 2020 Alibaba's UC Web to invest Rs 120 crore, to increase headcount in India Industry, investor bodies unite to seek removal of draconian angel tax 1India number one in Google Play app downloads, usage 2Myntra's largest vendor Vector E-Commerce sees revenue grow 40% to Rs 1,747 crore 3JSW Group plans to make electric vehicles in India by 2020 4Alibaba's UC Web to invest Rs 120 crore, to increase headcount in India 5Industry, investor bodies unite to seek removal of draconian angel tax About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Bigg Boss 10 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Currency Demonetisation Yuvraj Singh Budget 2017 News Bigg Boss 10 UP Elections 2017 Live: SP Candidate List 2017 Live: Protest for Jallikattu Live: Donald Trump Inauguration Koffee With Karan Season 5 Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Lenovo Phab2 Pro Tango-enabled smartphone launched in India at Rs 29,990 Lenovo Phab2 Pro Tango-enabled smartphone launched in India at Rs 29,990 Lenovo Phab2 Pro, the world's first Tango-enabled smartphone, has finally made its debut in India. By: Tech Desk | Updated: January 20, 2017 2:27 pm Lenovo Phab2 Pro is based on Google’s Project Tango technology. Lenovo Phab2 Pro, the world’s first Project Tango-enabled smartphone, has been landed in India . Priced at Rs 29,990, the phone will be exclusively made available on Flipkart, starting from today. The smartphone was first announced at Lenovo’s Tech World Congress in San Francisco last year. Google’s Tango technology is a platform that allows mobile device to perceive space and depth exactly like humans do. Basically, the Tango technology will enable devices to interact with the 3D environment around them. That’s probably the reason why the Phab2 Pro has special depth-sensing cameras and sensors to allow it to use augmented reality. With a device like the Phab2 Pro, you can actually sense space and motion – and visualise surrounding objects. The Phab2 Pro features a 6.4-inch display with a resolution of 2560×1440 pixels. It is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 652 processor paired with 4GB RAM, 64GB of internal storage, microSD support ( up to 128GB), and a 4,050mAh battery. There’s also a 16MP rear camera, depth-camera, and a motion camera on the back. The selfie camera is packed at 8MP. Also read: Asus Zenfone AR at CES 2017: How this Project Tango smartphone works It also features Dolby Atmos surround sound and Dolby Atmos Capture 5.1 that allows 5.1  recording sound. The phone runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow, and there’s no update when Lenovo plans to update the device to the latest Android 7.0 i.e Nougat. Tango opens a whole new world – and its potential is immense. It allows users to visualise furniture or cars, just by pointing a Tango-certified device; even walk about a museum for that matter. Other than Lenovo, Asus is another smartphone maker that has shown interest in Google’s 3D-sensing technology. The ZenFone AR, which was announced at CES 2017, is the first smartphone to feature Google’s Project Tango and Daydream VR in one device. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Tags: Lenovo Budget 2017 BusinessArun Jaitley should focus on job creation in Budget: Rating agency Crisil Budget must be presented after assembly elections: Akhilesh Yadav writes to PM Modi OpinionLook at budget algebra, not math Best of Express ElectionsPM Narendra Modi raises poll heat: Congress an opportunist, will have any tie-up to survive EntertainmentRaees box office collection day 3: Shah Rukh Khan film crosses Rs 50-cr mark EntertainmentKaabil box office collection day 3: Hrithik Roshan film maintains steady pace EntertainmentAmitabh Bachchan watched Raees, Kaabil. Here are his honest reviews EntertainmentHappy Birthday Shruti Haasan: As she turns 31, meet Shruti the singer. Watch videos  Must Read SportsInd vs Eng: Hosts move back the boundary rope SportsMixing up the rippers with slower ones SportsNadal beats Dimitrov to reach Australian Open final TechnologyOppo A57 'selfie-centric' smartphone launching on February 3 in India TechnologyApple shipped a record 2.5 million units in India during 2016 TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 coming with 4GB RAM, force touch: Full list of leaks LifestyleChinese New Year 2017: Lovers of Chinese food, celebrate good times with these delicious recipes Jan 28: Latest News Indian-origin magician faces fraud charges in Singapore Demonetisation was a ‘hoax’, it will not kill black money, says Chidambaram I am heartbroken by Donald Trump’s order: Malala Yousafzai Anti-abortion movement in US is winning: Vice-President Mike Pence Trump signs order promising ‘great rebuilding’ of military                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Jobs Cars Property Directory Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The News Search More Close ] Our Region Waterlooville Portsmouth Fareham Gosport Havant East Hampshire West Sussex News Crime Politics Travel Health Education Defence Opinion Offbeat People Celebs National Regional Pompey Fratton Latest Opinion Pompey past Academy Ladies Sport Football Rugby Hockey Cricket Horse Racing Netball Columnists Athletics Sailing Bowls Boxing Golf Darts Snooker Tennis Swimming Other Sports Business Lifestyle Real Life Food and Drink Homes & Gardens Consumer Gaming Love your Local Cars What's On Gigs & Music Theatre Eating Out Cinema Days Out Comedy TV Clubbing Heritage Making Us Proud America's Cup Our Region Portsmouth Fareham Gosport Havant East Hampshire West Sussex Pupils explore the world with Google’s virtual reality programme 06:00 Friday 20 January 2017 0 Have your say PUPILS took trips to the world’s greatest landmarks – without even leaving the classroom. The youngsters at Cowplain School in Waterlooville were taking part in the Google Expeditions Pioneer Program. They wore virtual reality viewers called Google Cardboard to ‘visit’ hotspots, including the Great Wall of China and the Taj Mahal. They could even take a trip inside the human body or look down on the Earth from space. Nicki Craven, work-related learning manager at the school, said: ‘It’s great to see students using technology and being motivated and inspired to learn. ‘The opportunities for virtual reality in education are endless. ‘Google Expeditions has a library of trips which I hope will spark an interest in future careers, such as engineering, travel, archaeology or medicine.’ The technology aims to allow pupils to immerse themselves in experiences which bring abstract concepts to life. They can explore  by moving their heads around. Teachers choose a destination on a tablet, and those using the virtual reality viewers are then transported to the destination. About 300 students took part. The school is planning to purchase the technology to use as soon as it can. Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with The News means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to The News You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to The News Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Pompey Sport Business Lifestyle What's On Heritage Making Us Proud Chipper Club More from The News Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Dating Digital Archive Directory Holidays Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Place your ads Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
₦airaland Forum Welcome, Guest: Join Nairaland / LOGIN! / Trending / Recent / New Stats: 1,735,333 members, 3,332,805 topics. Date: Saturday, 28 January 2017 at 04:22 AM Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? - Webmasters - Nairaland Nairaland Forum / Science/Technology / Webmasters / Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? (4002 Views) UPDATE: Approved Nigerian Adsense Accounts For Sale + PIN Verified UK Adsense / Why Do People See Having A Website For Their Business A Waste Of Money?? / Non-hosted/pin Verified Adsense Accounts For Sell With Other Talks On Adsense! (1) (2) (3) (4) (0) (1) (Reply) (Go Down) Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by napoleon77(m): 2:30pm On Jan 18 Call me naive or old-fashioned but why do people buy Google AdSense account when you can simply apply for one from Google for free? If its difficult to meet the minimum requirements to obtain an AdSense account directly from Google then why not address the issues that may be preventing you from obtaining one from Google? Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by mengho(m): 2:36pm On Jan 18 Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by Johnnyessence: 3:39pm On Jan 18 napoleon77: Call me naive or old-fashioned but why do people buy Google AdSense account when you can simply apply for one from Google for free? If its difficult to meet the minimum requirements to obtain an AdSense account directly from Google then why not address the issues that may be preventing you from obtaining one from Google? well people do by hosted account because they are frustrated in getting one from the google by themselves. So they av to purchase it for their blog to be growing big. Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by Jose213(m): 11:33pm On Jan 19 To make money Lol! Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by profpromise: 6:00am On Jan 20 mengho: who's willing to sell non-hosted unverified for 3-4k Get your fully approved Google Adsense Account for Naija, US and UK. Whatsapp me if interested. Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by veekid(m): 6:55am On Jan 20 they need it for MMM Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by morereb10: 7:02am On Jan 20 i won buy self were i fit buy? Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by Cyberfire(m): 7:06am On Jan 20 profpromise: Get your fully approved Google Adsense Account for Naija, US and UK. Whatsapp me if interested. How much for naija AdSense? Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by kizbad: 7:07am On Jan 20 profpromise: Get your fully approved Google Adsense Account for Naija, US and UK. Whatsapp me if interested. if your not a scammer, lets trade msg me on uz.okoson@gmail.com. or drop ur number Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by talkeverytime: 7:13am On Jan 20 what kind of question is this? no be to make profit, especially those who are not disciplined enough to do the right thing to qualify Well, Read Here : 5 Signs to know if your Girlfriend is a "Cheerful Giver" http://talkeverytime.blogspot.co.id/2017/01/5-signs-to-know-if-your-girlfriend-is_19.html 1 Like Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by Julius10(m): 7:22am On Jan 20 monetization is not all about adsense it about knowing how to make money out of your niche 50% of usa based bloggers dont use adsense see how i monetized a blog on computers named computers den without adsense. here you dont need excess traffic to make money out of your blog. just rank in one keyword and then another and another and you will see the money flowing. Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by BJAYADEMOLA(m): 7:23am On Jan 20 It is because some people fails to read Google policy. So they source for alternative in bypassing google strict rules. 1 Like Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by Chukabiz(m): 7:37am On Jan 20 Hmm Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by information1: 7:38am On Jan 20 Hmmmm.. I'm here to learn... Why people still advertising Adsense account here.. https://informationengine.wordpress.com/2017/01/19/why-biafrans-support-donald-trump/ Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by Emeks008(m): 7:47am On Jan 20 Abeg, who dey sell hosted adsense account? I need one. Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by sakalisis(m): 7:50am On Jan 20 Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by donbrowser(m): 7:53am On Jan 20 Cos getting Adsense is hard Naija and USA verified Adsense for sale sha Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by donbrowser(m): 7:53am On Jan 20 Message me See my signature Emeks008: Abeg, who dey sell hosted adsense account? I need one. Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by donbrowser(m): 7:55am On Jan 20 Send me a message morereb10: i won buy self were i fit buy? Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by CDCEO001(m): 8:07am On Jan 20 God knows i cannot a google adsense registered in someone else's name. Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by KingOfAmebo(m): 8:27am On Jan 20 Emeks008: Abeg, who dey sell hosted adsense account? I need one. Send me a private message Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by KingOfAmebo(m): 8:28am On Jan 20 morereb10: i won buy self were i fit buy? Send me a private message Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by francescainnoce(f): 9:21am On Jan 20 I recently applied for one and I got a mail why I was refused and attached on the mail are lists of things to do to build up the chances and I think they pretty doable. Besides I applied for the google Adsense same day I opened the blog without contents and stuff. So I've decided to build up my blogs with contents for a while (months) and then reapply. And I think that's fair enough because then I'm more focused on the quality contents and optimisation after which the Adsense can sweep in. 4 Likes 1 Share Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by trueking: 9:44am On Jan 20 Same reason they invested in MMM- Short cut Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by temigreat(m): 9:55am On Jan 20 Hi Guys Uk Google AdSense for sale if interested contact me @ temiwonder@gmail.com/08179675371 Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by geebehn(m): 10:09am On Jan 20 1. Google stated that your blog/website must be at least 6months old before applying for AdSense except you are from the US. 2. Once you apply for AdSense, your blog passes through manual verification process and if you in anyway violate Google TOS (maybe some sorts of blackhat stuff like over optimization or keyword stuffing), you won't be approved. So, after building your blog for over 6months with the aim of getting AdSense approval but at the end of the day, your application was rejected, won't you consider buying one? Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by JayRise(m): 10:10am On Jan 20 Because They are too lazy to work for it. If you follow due process, getting AdSense should be a walk in the park. Just follow the next steps. 1. Be patient. Register a domain name and leave it for 6 months (to pass google sandbox test) 2. Choose a good niche. 3. Write 50 original articles not less than 1000 words 4. Write good content. No blood scene. No porn. No Personal attacks. 5. Be open. Put a profile of yourself on the blog so people can know you. 6. Put a privacy policy page with advert disclaimer 7. Put About page telling what the blog is about 8. Make sure all links(pages & posts) on the blog are actually working. 9. Apply for adsense 10. Google accepts you with a kiss PS : Having AdSense doesn't mean you'll make money. I had AdSense for 2 years and made a total of $0. Good content and Traffic is king!! PS : Whether US, UK or Nigeria verified AdSense, none of it matters. The most important is the geographical location of your audience. Having more US targetted audience and a high paying niche are the only factors that guarantees high income. 4 Likes 1 Share Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by geebehn(m): 10:13am On Jan 20 profpromise: Get your fully approved Google Adsense Account for Naija, US and UK. Whatsapp me if interested. How much? Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by Thomsyne(m): 10:17am On Jan 20 Hmm Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by wealthmagnet: 11:16am On Jan 20 If you own an Android phone, a Blackberry, iPhone, iPad, Tablet, PC, Laptop or any other device that can connect to the Internet and 'Browse', then I have great news for you!!! I have information about a platform that actually doubles your available cash in just a couple of days. Yes, that's CORRECT! Whatever you put in, you get 200% of that value back! And it happens in just a few days, typically a week. The best part is, you can enjoy these benefits from any part of the country... No traveling necessary. With this double-cash-return system, you are sure of always having enough cash with you to beat the economic hardship in the country and live an improved life, above poverty level. * Everyone has a right to good and comfortable living standards * Everyone has a right to enjoy wealth (with good flow of course!) * Everyone has a right to financial freedom (be truly able to afford what you want or need) * Everyone, including you, have a right to an excellent source of extra income (passive or active) Do you have N5,000? See it become 200% Get N10,000 paid to you in return for it! Do you have N50,000? See it become 200% more. Get and alert for N100,000 in your bank account instead! This is verified, working and with payment proofs. You should see for yourself! Interested? Get instant response. Send an email now to wealthways7@gmail.com Re: Why Do People "Buy" Google Adsense Accounts? by ITbomb(m): 12:38pm On Jan 20 Here is the reason The some particular niche is so saturated that Google Adsense team feel that there cannot any original content there so any new blogs would not be offering its users and new interesting thing so because of this, they kind of mass disapproval applications in such niche. Example is the general news or entertainment blogs in Nigeria that are full of copy and paste and mischievous (and sometimes malicious) links. When the owners of these kind of blogs or any general blog get their applications turned down, they resort to buying from those who bought with already established blogs. No matter how much you design your blog, if you dont have unique content and good traffic, even if you obey all guidelines, you will be rejected. So, first blog on something unique, spread your links to get traffic, follow Google guidelines for design (ie good navigation, responsiveness, mobile friendly, non-explicit content, quality posts, etc) then apply, you will get approved. This take time and since most of us are not patient, we buy 1 Like (0) (1) (Reply) How To Create A Social Networking Site Like Facebook Using Wapka / :: Dhtml Framework Evolution / Unilag.edu.ng And Xvideos.com Made The List Of 100 Most Visited Sites In Nigeria (Go Up) Sections: politics (1) business autos (1) jobs (1) career education (1) romance computers phones travel sports fashion health religion celebs tv-movies music-radio literature webmasters programming techmarket Links: (0) (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9) Nairaland - Copyright © 2005 - 2017 Oluwaseun Osewa. All rights reserved. See How To Advertise. 88 Disclaimer: Every Nairaland member is solely responsible for anything that he/she posts or uploads on Nairaland.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Technology ﻿ Google search can work even without internet connection Last Updated: Friday, January 20, 2017 - 10:56 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi:  Google said that it has added a new feature in the Google app which will allow users to "search" for something even when the smartphone has no iinternet connection. There is a catch though! The fact is that in the absence of internet connectivity, the Google app will queue up the search query and complete the 'search' when the internet connectivity gets restored on the phone.. "Mobile networks can sometimes be inconsistent or spotty, which means that even if you have a connection when you start your search, it might fail before you get your results back," Google's Shekhar Sharad wrote on the company blog. "With this change, search results are saved as soon as they are retrieved, even if you lose connection afterwards or go into airplane mode. So the next time you lose service, feel free to queue up your searches, put your phone away and carry on with your day. The Google app will work behind-the-scenes to detect when a connection is available again and deliver your search results once completed," he said. The updation is currently available only on Google Search app for Android, and to get the feature, one would need to update the app on the phone from the Play Store. First Published: Friday, January 20, 2017 - 10:56 More from zeenews   India US thought India will capture PoK after Bangladesh war: CIA Aadhaar enrolment at 111 crore, fetched Rs 36,144 crore savings: Ravi Shankar Prasad Salute to Hangpan Dada: 7-year-old son of martyred soldier wants to join Army More from India World Turkey threatens migrant deal after Greek coup ruling UK, US have opportunity to "lead together" again: PM May Gabriel named foreign minister after ruling out Merkel challenge More from World Sports Pakistan may not qualify for 2019 Cricket World Cup: ICC WATCH: Chris Jordan hurts his hand while trying to stop bullet shot from MS Dhoni during 1st T20I NZ vs AUS: Matthew Wade named Australian captain for Chappel-Hadlee series after Steve Smith's ankle injury More from Sports Entertainment 'Sultan' Salman Khan meets Ajay Devgn on 'Baadshaho' sets! Pic proof 'Padmavati' shoot stalled in Jaipur; activists protest over distorting historical facts Akshay Kumar talks about his 'Jolly LL.B 2' character, calls it the new 'Birbal' – Watch More from Entertaiment Health Number of malnourished kids in Sheopur up by 1,700: Jyotiraditya Scindia 'Twice-daily radiation therapy may cut cancer death risk' Scientists say they can make taste of tomatoes better More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Republic Day parade showcases Indian military strength Watch - Guard of honour, National Anthem being played at R-Day parade Will Mayawati bring law and order in UP with support from Mukhtar Ansari? India celebrates its 68th Republic Day Exclusive: Celebration and importance of Republic Day 1st T20I: On debut, did Parvez Rasool insult the national anthem during India-England match? Pakistan may not qualify for 2019 Cricket World Cup: ICC IND vs ENG, 1st T20I - As it happened.. Demonetisation: RBI may again allow deposit of old Rs 500 Rs 1,000 notes How public greeted PM Narendra Modi as he walked down Rajpath on Republic Day - WATCH TAGS Google App Google search Internet connectivity Internet on smartphone Google search without internet Photos Sana Khan-Instagram; Sandeepa Dhar-Instagram MS Dhoni arrives at Nagpur airport; Avalanche in Gurez Sector 10 Healthy Foods You Should Eat Top Videos Watch: Shocking footage of Delhi woman throwing her child down stairs Panel discussion on Indian soldiers who lost their lives in J&K avalanches UP polls: Mafia-don turned politician Mukhtar Ansari joins BSP Pakistan: PTI, PML-N members clash in National Assembly More from other Sections Past wins against Federer mean nothing, says Nadal MS Dhoni asks fans to watch incredible story of an Indian soldier: Watch video Sanjay Leela Bhansali assaulted, 'Padmavati' shooting stalled by protesters in Rajasthan I'm Hindu and Muslim both: Salman Khan tells court Top five cooking oils for good health! Tired of acne? Drink these refreshing smoothies to get rid of it! contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info WHERE TO WATCH Careers Partner Site: DNA INDIA news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 20 January 2017 | MYT 1:13 PM Google’s big marketing push pays off for its Pixel phone over holiday by mark bergenandscott moritz Successful to a degree: Google more than doubled its TV ad budget over the holidays to push Pixel and its new Home speaker, according to one research firm. — Reuters Ads for Google's Pixel phone were everywhere this holiday: Splashed across glossy magazines, the front of the New York Times website and spinning on TV during National Football League games.   That aggressive marketing push produced a decent debut quarter for the smartphone, the first high-end device Google made itself, according to analysts and industry insiders. The early traction came at a cost though. The online search juggernaut more than doubled its TV ad budget over the holidays to push Pixel and its new Home speaker, according to one research firm.   Pixel devices accounted for 12.3% of phone activations with Verizon Communications Inc, the device's initial wireless carrier in the US, according to a survey of fifty Verizon stores by telecommunications research firm Wave7. There weren't enough devices at several outlets, the survey also found. Verizon declined to comment.   Investment bank Evercore ISI patched together the Wave7 data to estimate that Google shipped 552,000 Pixel phones in the fourth quarter. Evercore pegged revenue from those sales at US$386mil (RM1.71bil) for the quarter. The bank also estimated initial sales of 500,000 units for Google Home, the US$129 (RM573) intelligent speaker meant to rival Amazon.com Inc's Echo.   “The demand for the Pixel phones has exceeded our expectations, which is exciting to see,” Google spokeswoman Iska Saric said. She declined to comment on specific sales numbers or estimates.   Google sold the Pixel outside the US with other carriers, and also offered the phones through its own online store, so total sales in the fourth quarter were likely higher than Evercore's estimate. James Cakmak, an analyst at Monness Crespi Hardt & Co, expects sales of about 1 million units in the period. Expectations were high after the launch: In late November, Morgan Stanley analysts forecast 3 million Pixels would be sold in the quarter, generating US$2bil (RM8.89bil) in revenue.  Those would be impressive figures for Google, which does not have a successful track record in shipping hardware. Jeff Moore, principal analyst with Wave7, called the Pixel “a major success.” The numbers, however, pale in comparison to Apple Inc. and the largest Android handset makers.  Apple sold 75 million iPhones in the 2015 holiday quarter. Samsung Electronics Co shipped 9 million units in the initial month of the S7, a phone at a similar price and size to the Pixel.   Demand for Pixels likely got a boost from Samsung's disastrous Note 7 recall, which came just as Google introduced its phone.   Ads may have helped, too. In 2015, Google spent roughly US$45.9mil (RM204.11mil) on two national TV ads during the holiday quarter, according to iSpot.tv, a firm that tracks marketing spending. This past quarter, iSpot.tv estimated that Google spent more than twice that – US$109.8mil (RM488.28mil) – for twelve ads in rotation around the Pixel. Then Verizon pitched in, spending US$57.1mil (RM253.92mil) on three ads exclusively for the Pixel, according to iSpot.tv.   Google's heavy spending may continue. Several people close to the company's hardware unit said it plans to expand the Pixel line in coming years. First unveiled with a suite of other hardware products in October, the US$649 to US$869 (RM3,864) smartphone is a key part of Google's strategy to jump-start use of its digital assistant. With the Pixel, Google is also trying to replicate the tight control that Apple has over hardware and software.  When the Pixel first arrived, several analysts expressed concern that revenue gains from hardware sales might come with margin pressure from increased advertising. UBS analysts expect fourth-quarter marketing spending to climb by US$491mil (RM2.18bil), compared with the third quarter. A year earlier, the increase was US$466mil (RM2.07bil), they noted.  Google has braced investors for the spending uptick, and investors assume Google won't let it balloon like Apple and Samsung, according to Cakmak. “The question is how much tolerance Google has in branding campaigns without corresponding returns. And it's likely not much,” he said.   Alphabet is scheduled to report fourth-quarter earnings Jan 26. The lion's share of its sales, which analysts expect will be US$20.56bil (RM91.43bil), comes from advertising. Google discloses hardware sales in an “Other” revenue line time with sales from its mobile app store and growing cloud computing business. That line item during the fourth quarter in 2015 reported US$2.1bil (RM9.33bil) in revenue, about 10$ of total sales. — Bloomberg Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Corporate News , Technology You May Be Interested Facing huge writedown, battered Toshiba decides to sell part of memory chip business Microsoft to continue to invest over US$1bil a year on cybersecurity PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Bring cheer to the underprivileged this festive season Go purple this CNY if you want to get lucky in love Six simple steps to feng shui your home Others Also Read The gift of giving A road trapped in time Woods draws comfort from improved form at Torrey Pines advertisement Latest News China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico In double whammy for Turkey, Fitch cuts to junk after S&P slashes outlook Fed to stop mortgage reinvestments in 2018 Most Viewed in Tech Coming soon: Robot DoorDash deliveries China turns to blockchain to make markets clearer and cleaner Chinese Lunar New Year ticket snatching apps raise hackles China girlfriend rental app gets leg up from Lunar New Year demand Hong Kong securities brokers hit by cyberattacks, may face more Facing huge writedown, battered Toshiba decides to sell part of memory chip business PayPal outlook muted on mobile competition, currency trends Alphabet posts strong revenue growth, higher taxes hit earnings STMicro to supply iPhone 8 parts? Russian security service says hackers attacked major banks in 2016 Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media SEJ SUMMIT Tools Advertise Qwant, a French Search Engine, Thinks it Can Take on Google — Here’s Why News January 19, 2017 News Matt SouthernJanuary 19, 2017 SEJ STAFF 711SHARES 2.9KREADS 711SHARES 2.9KREADS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 711SHARES 2.9KREADS French search engine Qwant has ambitious plans to one day beat Google at its own game. Founded just 4 years ago in 2013, Qwant has since grown to serve 21 million monthly users across 30 countries. Qwant’s user base has grown substantially over the past year, boasting a 70% year-over-year growth in monthly users. With its recent integration with Firefox, and impending launch of a mobile app, that momentum is expected to continue. Like search engine DuckDuckGo, Qwant’s competitive advantage is privacy. It protects users’ privacy by not tracking what they’re doing or searching for online. Qwant doesn’t use cookies, collect browsing data, or do any kind of data profiling. So, other than privacy, what does Qwant do that sets itself apart from Google? Or even DuckDuckGo for that matter? For one, it currently has over 31 different search categories. In addition to the standard news, images, and video categories, Qwant offers categories such as: social media, music, jobs, cars, health, and more. The company also has a unique philosophy that artificial intelligence and digital assistants can be educated without having to collect data on users. That’s a completely different philosophy than what is shared by Google, which collects every bit of information it can about users to fuel things like Google Home and Google Allo. Make no mistake about it, Qwant is still out to make a profit, which it does through pay-per-click advertising. Partnerships with TripAdvisor and eBay are also in the works. However, the company vows to balance turning a profit with protecting users’ privacy. “We won’t try and lead you to a specific service instead of a better one because we would have business interests in doing so, or filter out results based on some political or commercial agenda… Our promise to the users and to the whole web community is that we are fair with everyone.” Qwant also has measures in place to ensure it stays accountable for its promises. It has made its source code available to third-party data protection agencies so they can continually verify Qwant is not collecting data on its users. Is all of this enough to go head to head with the reigning search giant? That’s impossible for anyone to predict at this point, but it sure has a long way to go. Qwant has quite a few hurdles to overcome. First, it needs to get more of its users to engage with the search engine on mobile. Currently, only 12% of its users search Qwant via smartphones. Second, it needs to expand beyond Firefox. Currently, Firefox is the only browser with which you can select Qwant as your default search engine. In order to become more competitive, it has to work on being listed as a default search engine for Chrome and Safari as well, which it sounds like Qwant is working on. Big things could be in the works for this French search engine in 2017. Related Posts In the Plex: How Google Thinks, Works, and Shapes Our Lives #SEJBookClub Google Introduces Apps Search Engine: Springboard is Search for Business Users Wikipedia Working on a Search Engine to Compete With Google Google To Once Again Show Tweets In Search Engine Results Pages ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Google Maps on Android Now Shows How Difficult it is to Find Parking - January 26, 2017 Google Maps for iOS Shows How Busy a Location is in Real-Time - January 26, 2017 Google Under Fire for Using “Super Profiles” to Serve Targeted Ads - January 25, 2017 Download: Our Ebooks Get our "SEO Guide", "Social Media Strategy", and "Content Marketing Whitepaper" by subscribing below. Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar Link Building for “Boring” Industries Wed. February 8th, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast How to Kick Ass at Amazon SEO With Robyn Johnson See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 DuckDuckGo Hits Milestone 14 Million Searches in a Single Day 77.8K reads 1/19/2017 2 10 Ways to Get Ready for Google’s Mobile Interstitials Penalty on January 10th 26.7K reads 1/9/2017 3 7 White Hat SEO Techniques to Double Traffic in 2017 12.0K reads 1/1/2017 4 5 Silly SEO Mistakes That Even Professional Marketers Make 6.3K reads 12/29/2016 5 9 New Visual Content Marketing Trends for 2017 5.7K reads 1/9/2017See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Gillon Hunter Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 22 Gmail Hacks: Turn Your Inbox Into a Productivity Powerhouse 2 Christopher Hart Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Stop Looking at Keyword Search Volume (And Look Here Instead) 3 Joe Howard Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 11 Black Hat Techniques That Can Kill an SEO Campaign 4 Larry Kim Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn 6 SEO Experiments That Will Blow Your Mind 5 Sergey Grybniak Twitter Facebook LinkedIn 5 Silly SEO Mistakes That Even Professional Marketers Make SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post How to Capitalize on Social Media User Mistakes [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Alphabet Google Search Ads for Google products topped Google search results 91 percent of the time The Wall Street Journal has data to demonstrate a long-suspected conflict of interest. by Tess Townsend Jan 19, 2017, 10:00pm EST tweet share Linkedin Google Pop Up Store Opens In New York Spencer Platt/Getty Images Google is still the front door to the internet, which is why advertisers spend billions of dollars bidding on search terms to win the top spot. But if they're bidding against Google itself, that’s a conflict of interest. Google has a pretty clear incentive to bump up ads for its own products — despite its competitors bids for the same space — to the top of the search page. According to a data analysis in the Wall Street Journal, the search giant has been buying millions of its own ads and displaying its products such as Google Home and Nest thermostats atop search results, over those of ad-buying customers. Analysis of 25,000 searches of selected terms found that 91 percent of the time, Google and Alphabet products took the top spot. Here are some specifics: Searches for “phones” almost always led with ads for Google Pixel. Searches for “laptops” all started with ads for the Chromebook. Ninety-eight percent of searches for “watches” were topped with Android smartwatch ads. It’s a convincing analysis, but then the Journal also goes on to point out that Google takes measures to prevent its use of its own ad space from driving up costs for customers: Google said that when it competes for ads, other advertisers are charged as if it wasn’t bidding, meaning its participation doesn’t directly inflate prices ... Google said that its ads only appear atop results because of the ad’s quality and the price Google is willing to pay. Google said its house ads are also subject to marketing budgets. “We have consciously and carefully designed our marketing programs to not impact the ad auction. All our bids are excluded from the auction when determining the price paid by other advertisers, and we have strict rules and processes — set to tougher levels than our customers — to govern the use of our own ads products,” Google said in response to the Journal story. A 2010 blog post on Google’s AdWords blog said it “probably comes as no surprise that we are huge fans of AdWords,” adding that “house ads are a common industry practice.” You have to take Google at their word on self-imposed restrictions. And while taking out house ads is a common practice generally — newspapers and TV stations do it, too — when you’re the gateway to the internet, that practice can come at a cost for customers in a different way. Subscribe to the Recode Newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Go recode_divider Next Up In Google Watch a supercut of Google’s event announcing its Pixel phones, Home and Daydream VR headset Google's hardware event was really all about its AI software Liveblog of Google’s hardware event Google's hardware chief says the Pixel will hold its own against the iPhone Google tailored its fabric Daydream headset for VR first-timers Trending Sundar Pichai makes the case for Google versus Alexa Facebook wants you to watch longer videos, so it’s going to show you longer videos Mobile search and YouTube are still driving Google’s growth. What about hardware? More Trending This Article has a component height of 12. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Snapchat Social IPO Snap plans to publicly file for its much-anticipated IPO late next week by Kara Swisher@karaswisher The social communications company’s current valuation is $25 billion, said sources. Drones E-commerce Delivery One of China’s largest online retailers is adding dozens of drone delivery routes to rural villages in 2017 by April Glaser@aprilaser Drones aren’t expected to start regularly delivering packages in the U.S. until 2020. Facebook Politics President Trump Mark Zuckerberg is ‘concerned’ by President Trump’s immigration proposals by Kurt Wagner Zuck speaks! Facebook Mark Zuckerberg Mark Zuckerberg is dropping his Hawaiian land lawsuits, calling them ‘a mistake’ by Kurt Wagner Zuckerberg is trying to formally acquire a 700-acre plot on the island of Kauai, but angered his new neighbors. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Ads for Google products topped Google search results 91 percent of the time – Recode Posted on January 19, 2017 by Recode Google is still the front door to the internet, which is why advertisers spend billions of dollars bidding on search terms to win the top spot. But if they’re bidding against Google itself, that’s a conflict of interest. Google has a pretty clear … Does Android One have any chance at success in the United States?Android Police Best Google Pixel and Pixel XL DealsGotta Be Mobile The Pixel XL Is In Stock At Amazon, But Will Cost You $1500Android Headlines BGR -Motley Fool -SiliconBeat -International Business Times all 85 news articles …read more wrote 25636 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines – Business Insider 4 best iOS.3 features coming soon – CNET Alexa Is Causing Some Users Problems Because Of Its Name – Android Headlines Snap will reportedly file publicly for its massive IPO late next week – TechCrunch Apple CEO Tim Cook Talks Tech and Economy With Utah Senator Orrin Hatch – Mac Rumors Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) Adam Mills01/26/2017 As we push into 2017 some Samsung Galaxy smartphone and tablet owners are still waiting for their Android Marshmallow update while others are hoping for a bug fix update to fix their Android Marshmallow problems. Advertisement Samsung’s Android Nougat update is rolling out but the company continues to fire off a barrage of Galaxy Android Marshmallow upgrades for devices in regions across the globe including here in the United States. Tons of Galaxy smartphone and tablet owners are now running Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow but some people are still waiting for their update to arrive. If you’re lucky, you might be getting your taste of Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow soon. And if you’re real lucky, you might get a bug fix update for your Android Marshmallow problems. Advertisement Advertisement Today we want to take a look at everything we know about Samsung’s Android Marshmallow roll out as we push into the new year. We expect the Marshmallow roll out to continue even as Samsung rolls out Nougat to Galaxy smartphones and tablets.  This roundup walks you through the important details about the Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow release and the updates themselves. It includes information about the Galaxy S6 update, the Galaxy Note 5 update, the Galaxy Note 4 update, the Samsung Galaxy S7, and more. We’ll continue to update this as we, and others, receive more information. Samsung Galaxy S6 Marshmallow Update The Samsung Galaxy S6 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is rolling out for the Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus in Korea. We’ve also seen a number of other Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge Marshmallow updates roll out around the world. Marshmallow updates have also started rolling out in India, the United Kingdom, Austria, Russia, Iraq and the Netherlands. Advertisement More recently, updates have landed for models in Afghanistan, Croatia, Germany, Czech Republic, Nigeria, Pakistan, Philippines, Nepal, Italy, Macedonia, Spain, and a whole lot more more. Sprint rolled out Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow to the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge several months ago. The carrier’s also now rolling out an update for the Galaxy S6 Edge Plus. The Sprint bound Galaxy S6 Marshmallow updates are huge, over 1GB in size, and it delivers a long list of enhancements, features, and bug fixes. Advertisement Sprint’s since been joined by Verizon and T-Mobile. Verizon rolled out its Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge, and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates several months ago and it’s now pushing out new versions of the Marshmallow update that deliver bug fixes and other changes. From the change log: Fewer dropped Wi-Fi voice calls Video calls using a cellular network will start with a pop-up reminder that you’ll be using data Ensures you can only make HD Voice Calls when connected to the 4G LTE network Improvements to HD Voice Call volume You can now register for Voice over Wi-Fi calling when roaming Verizon recently rolled out a bug fix update for the Galaxy S6 Plus as well. T-Mobile’s also started rolling out its Samsung Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, and Galaxy S6 Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates. These updates will roll out Over-the-Air to users for several days and bring enhancements and fixes to the former flagships. Advertisement U.S. Cellular’s website now shows Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates for the Samsung Galaxy S6, Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus. Each listing comes with a link to download via Samsung Kies. AT&T’s updated its software support page with details about its Galaxy S6 Marshmallow upgrade. The change log includes: Android OS 6.0 Marshmallow Adds Video Calling Removes Keeper, AT&T Live, FB Messenger Adds Amazon to full preload Moves AT&T Mail and YP Mobile to a Virtual Preload The AT&T Galaxy S6 Edge Plus Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is available (with new enhancements) as is the AT&T Galaxy S6 Active Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update. The Galaxy S6 Active Marshmallow update started pushing out in early July. Telus and Bell users in Canada are also reporting a Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Plus Marshmallow roll out. The update is massive, 1.2GB in size, and it brings Android 6.0.1 and a number of enhancements to the larger Edge model. Fellow Canadian carriers VideoTron and Eastlink are reportedly rolling out Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates as well. Now that these updates are making their way to North America, Asia, Europe, and the Middle East, we expect more Galaxy S6 Marshmallow updates to follow. Telus in Canada was one of the first North American carriers to confirm specific dates for the Samsung Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge and it’s finally rolling out the Galaxy S6 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update to users. In Australia, Vodafone started rolling out a Galaxy S6 Edge Plus Marshmallow update on June 6th. The company is also now rolling out Marshmallow updates to its versions of the Samsung Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge. Fellow Australian carrier Telstra is rolling out Galaxy S6 Plus, Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge Marshmallow updates. Australian carrier Optus has also deployed its Android Marshmallow updates to the Galaxy S6, Galaxy S6 Edge and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus. Elsewhere in North America, Canadian carrier Rogers has deployed Marshmallow to its Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge. The Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge Marshmallow updates arrived after a long delay. Marshmallow Features Thanks to the roll outs and the Galaxy S6 Marshmallow beta, we know what the Marshmallow update will bring to the flagship devices. As expected, Marshmallow brings changes to the update’s interface. The update replaces blue with white and it changes the look of several app icons. The update also features the popular Google Now on Tap feature that allows you to quickly bring up information on whatever you’re looking at simply by holding down the home button. It’s one of our favorite Marshmallow features. The video above outlines the key features. Samsung will be rolling out Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow, the most up-to-date version of Marshmallow from Google. The Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update brings a number of key changes to the Samsung Galaxy S6 and Galaxy S6 Edge including: Additional quick settings toggles for Private Mode in the status bar. New emoji characters (Android 6.0.1 brought more than 200 to Nexus users). Improved visibility of notification panel icons. If a fingerprint isn’t recognized, users will only get vibration feedback. A new ‘Install overnight’ option that will install an update at night between 2 to 5 AM. Samsung has detailed the changes coming to the Galaxy S6 Edge’s panel, some of which can be seen in galleries above. Galaxy S5 Marshmallow Update The Samsung Galaxy S5 Android 6.o.1 Marshmallow update continues to make progress as we push into the year. The Samsung Galaxy S5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is reportedly pushing out to users in Korea. More specifically, it’s rolling out to unlocked variants on KT, LG Uplus and the carrier SK Telecom in South Korea. It’s also rolling out in Trinidad & Tobago, in Sri Lanka for the SM-G900F, in Germany, the Netherlands, and Italy for the SM-G900F, in India for the SM-G900I, in Canada for Telus, in Canada for Rogers, and owners of the Exynos model in India. Yes, the Marshmallow update has finally landed for the other version of the Galaxy S5 and Exynos users holding the SM-G900H in India should keep an eye out for an OTA. It started pushing to users in early June. In the United States, it’s pushing out for Galaxy S5 and Galaxy S5 Sport users on Sprint. Here is the change log Sprint provided to customers: Google and Samsung Security Updates Bug Fixes T-Mobile confirmed its Galaxy S5 Marshmallow update several months ago and the upgrade is now available to users. T-Mobile Galaxy S5 owners can download the update over Wi-Fi or manually update with Samsung Smart Switch for PC. Verizon is also rolling out the Samsung Galaxy S5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update to its users. So is U.S. Cellular. So is AT&T after a lengthy delay. As for other Galaxy S5 variants, the Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is currently rolling out to the Galaxy S5 Plus model in Germany. The Android 6.0.1 update is for the unbranded model Galaxy S5 Plus (SM-G901F). The Galaxy S5 Plus Marshmallow update is also reportedly rolling out in the Netherlands. The update is also pushing out to the Samsung Galaxy S5 LTE-A in South Korea and the Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo in Europe. Samsung’s Galaxy S5 Neo update is reportedly rolling out to Vodafone model in the Netherlands. The update is unsurprisingly based on Android 6.0.1. The Galaxy S5 Neo Android 6.0.1 update is also now pushing out for carriers in Canada. In Australia, Vodafone says that it’s in the process of testing a Samsung Galaxy S5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update. Telstra started deploying the update a few days ago. Those of you with a Samsung Galaxy S5 mini will be happy to know that Samsung’s planning to deliver a Marshmallow update to the smaller version of the Galaxy S5. The Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Android Marshmallow update just appeared at the Wi-Fi Alliance, a sign that its release is getting closer. It also looks like the instruction manual is now available, another sign that we’re getting close. The Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Marshmallow update is finally starting to roll out in the United States. AT&T recently released the upgrade and it brings a familiar set of features and enhancements to the rugged version of the Galaxy S5. From its website: Android OS 6.0 (Marshmallow) Wi-Fi Calling Video Calling Android device security enhancements Features As for the Galaxy S5 Marshmallow update itself, it reportedly comes with most of Marshmallow’s features with bug fixes, improvements to the device’s speed, and improvements to stability. The video above gives you a good look at what to expect from your Galaxy S5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update. Those of you with a carrier-branded model can expect some unique “enhancements” and fixes so you’ll want to dig into the change log when your update arrives. Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow Update The Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is now being deployed in force around the world. It’s rolling out in a number of other countries including India with the Middle East an apparent focus for Samsung right now. It’s also rolling out in Algeria, Brazil, Afghanistan, Nigeria, Malaysia, Pakistan, New Zealand, South Korea, and Australia (Optus) to name a few. U.S. and Canadian carriers are also in the mix. The Verizon Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow update is available and it brings new features and enhancements to its version of the flagship smartphone. The carrier is also rolling out a smaller bug fixer that alleviates three problems with Marshmallow: Trouble connecting to the internet Frequent data disconnection Problems while loading files or web pages Sprint is also rolling out the Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update to users taking the flagship phone up from Android 5.1.1 Lollipop. As expected, the change log is similar to the other Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow updates that’ve rolled out elsewhere in the U.S. and around the world. Like the others, it comes with a number of enhancements, features and fixes. Sprint’s updates typically take one to two weeks to complete so Galaxy Note 5 users will want to keep an eye out this week and next for Android 6.0.1. Elsewhere in North America, U.S. Cellular’s confirmed a Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow roll out via its website. Like its Galaxy S6 updates, the listing contains a link to download via Samsung’s Kies app for PC. T-Mobile is also rolling out Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow to the Galaxy Note 5. The update should be available to all users right now. And finally, after weeks of silence, the AT&T Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow update is rolling out to users around the country. Samsung recently updated its version of the Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow update with several improvements including Wi-Fi calling and Advanced Messaging. The update also delivers new security patches. As for Canada, the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update has reportedly landed for users on Bell and Telus. It’s also rolling out to customers on Rogers. In Australia, popular carrier Vodafone is pushing out a Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.0.1 update. So is fellow Australian carrier Telstra. Features Thanks to the beta and the public roll out, we know what to expect from the Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow update and its features. The video below shows off the early software and it runs down many of the important changes. For more on the Marshmallow leak, take a look at this full rundown from XDA-Developers. It reviews the update’s early performance. For a more recent set of photos, take a look at these Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow photos. Verizon’s run down of the Marshmallow update will also give you a feel for the changes. In addition to the new features and enhancements, it also looks like the Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.0.1 update is plagued with issues including battery drain, issues with Gear VR and other smaller bugs. These issues have extended to the Verizon Galaxy Note 5 Android 6.o.1 update. Verizon users are already starting to complain about battery drain, Wi-Fi problems and more. We expect complaints to pick up as the roll out picks up speed. It’s not clear how these problems will impact the overall speed of the roll out (it doesn’t appear to have slowed it down yet) but Galaxy Note 5 users will want to be cautious when Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow arrives. Galaxy Note 4 Marshmallow Update The Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and the Galaxy Note Edge will both receive Marshmallow updates in the United States and the first batch of updates are pushing out right now. Sprint is reportedly pushing out its version of the Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update right now. The U.S. Cellular Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update appears to be rolling out as well. U.S. Cellular’s website confirms the release of its Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 update. The update mirrors the other Galaxy Note 4 updates in the United States. Verizon is also rolling out its version of the Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 update. According to Big Red, the update “has been tested to optimize device performance, resolve known issues and apply the latest security patches.” The Verizon Galaxy Note Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is also rolling out bringing new features, security patches and bug fixes to the curved version of the Galaxy Note 4. After a long wait, AT&T is also rolling out its Galaxy Note 4 and Galaxy Note Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates. Both updates feature: Android Marshmallow Operating System Video Calling Advanced Messaging Wi-Fi Calling And finally, T-Mobile is rolling out both the Galaxy Note 4 and Galaxy Note Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates to its user base. The carrier’s updates bring new features but they also bring bug fixes and enhancements that should help to stabilize the software on board. In Canada, Rogers confirms it’s finally rolling out its version of the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 update. As for the rest of the world, the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is rolling out in Europe for the SM-N910C in Poland, users in Croatia, Germany, Korea, Austria, Italy, and its reportedly available for Galaxy Note 4 users in Uzbekistan (SM-N910H). Galaxy Note 4 users in India should also be on the lookout for a new Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update. Samsung is reportedly rolling out a new Android 6.0.1 build to the aging former flagship right now. Marshmallow is also now pushing out for Galaxy Note 4 models in Australia. Those with the Galaxy Note 4 there should check to see if an OTA is available. As for the Galaxy Note Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update, it’s reportedly pushing out in England at the moment. It also looks like it’s starting to roll out to the unlocked version of the Galaxy Note Edge in other parts of Europe and to models in Canada. It’s moving like a slug compared to Samsung’s Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow roll out for the Galaxy Note 4 but we expect it to pick up speed in the weeks ahead. Features Thanks to these roll outs, we know what the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update looks like. The Galaxy Note 4 update comes with the new Air Command menu that’s found on the Galaxy S6 and Galaxy Note 5. There are also some new icons for applications. Similar to the Samsung Galaxy S6’s update. It also reportedly comes with the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 feature that allows you to take notes when the screen is off. Others In addition to updates for these popular devices, Samsung is rolling out a number of other Marshmallow updates around the world. Samsung is now pushing the Android 6.0.1 update to the Galaxy A9, a 6-inch smartphone that’s available in limited markets. The Galaxy A9 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is reportedly available for the SM-A9000 model in China. The company’s also deployed the first Galaxy A7 and Galaxy A5 Marshmallow updates. The Android 6.0.1 software is reportedly rolling out to Galaxy A7 and Galaxy A5 models in Russia. The A7 update is also pushing out in Europe. The Galaxy A5 Marshmallow update is also pushing out to Canadian users. Telus recently confirmed the start of the roll out. Look for both of these updates to pick up speed in the weeks ahead. The update is also rolling out to Samsung’s budget line of devices. The Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update has reportedly made its way over to the Galaxy J5 in India and Europe. Like Samsung’s other Marshmallow upgrades, it brings some huge changes to the device. Samsung’s Galaxy Tab S2 Android 6.0.1 update has started to roll out. The upgrade rolling out right now in Germany for the 9-inch model. It brings well-known Marshmallow features and it also brings a multi-user mode. This mode allows you to create separate accounts for family members and friends. A few more notes: The Galaxy Tab S2 9-inch Marshmallow update is also reportedly pushing for the 4G model in the Netherlands. The Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is now rolling out for the 8-inch Galaxy Tab S2 in the United Kingdom. The update is reportedly similar to the upgrade for the larger version. Samsung’s Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is also rolling out to the Galaxy Tab S2 on Rogers in Canada and Verizon in the United States. The Galaxy Tab S2 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update has also landed for the Wi-Fi only versions of the 8-inch and 9-inch models in the U.S. The AT&T Galaxy Tab S2 Marshmallow update is rolling out right now. T-Mobile is also rolling out a Galaxy Tab S2 Marshmallow update in the United States. The update should be available OTA right now. Verizon is also now rolling out a Galaxy Tab E 8.0 Marshmallow update. It’s similar to the other Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates for Big Red and those who own this relatively new tablet are encouraged to check for the update right now. Android Marshmallow is also rolling out the Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4. The update is currently available for the Wi-Fi model in Europe. As for the rest of Samsung’s tablet line, the Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update is also rolling out for the first time to the Galaxy Tab A. The update is pushing out in France to the 9.7-inch Wi-Fi only variant. It’s also pushing out in Australia to the 8-inch Wi-Fi model. The update is a little over 1GB in size and it brings enhancements and new features to the slate. Look for both versions of the Galaxy Tab A Android Marshmallow update to pick up the pace in the weeks ahead. U.S. Cellular’s also reportedly started rolling out the Samsung Galaxy S 10.5 Android Marshmallow update after a long wait. Samsung Galaxy S7 Marshmallow Update As expected, the new Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge both run the company’s Android 6.0.1 software. The two devices run a unique version of the operating system. You can get a feel for their version of Marshmallow software in the hands-on video above. It’s worth noting that the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge do not support Android 6.0’s Adoptable Storage feature, a concern given the fact that it only comes with 32GB of internal storage space in the United States. It’s also worth noting that the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge come with some additional emoji characters. A full outline of those characters can be found right here. In 2016, Samsung rolled out an “urgent” software update for the Galaxy S7 Edge. T-Mobile also pushed out bug fix updates to the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge. More recently, Samsung and its carrier partners have been rolling out updates with a Wi-Fi Calling update on board. The update’s landed for the AT&T Galaxy S7 and AT&T Galaxy S7 Edge and it checks in at 600MB in size making it a substantial release for the two flagship devices. Rogers in Canada has put out the same update for its Galaxy S7 models. It’s also important to know that the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow updates are now available online. These will be useful if you need to go back to stock software at any point during your time with the Galaxy S7. January/December Security Update Google is rolling out January security updates to its Nexus devices and Samsung is following suit with January security updates of its own. The company’s December security patch has landed for select devices including the Samsung Galaxy J7, the Samsung Galaxy S7, the Galaxy S7 Edge, and the Galaxy Note 5. It’s also available for the AT&T Samsung Galaxy S6 Active. The update for the Galaxy S6 Active is 14MB. The January patch is rolling out slowly though it’s now available for the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 in Germany and the Galaxy S6 Edge+ in Europe. Look for the update to hit more devices in the near future. We expect the January security patch to be included in some of the company’s upcoming Android Nougat updates so those of you with a Galaxy S7 or Galaxy S7 Edge should keep an eye out. As for the contents of the December/January patches, Samsung’s latest security updates come with several important patches and you can read the specific patch notes on the company’s website. Android Nougat As we’ve noted, the Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow roll out has been joined by Samsung’s new Android 7.0 Nougat update. The company’s official Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge Android Nougat roll outs have begun though the release is limited to select models in select regions around the world. We expect that to change soon. Samsung’s promised several Nougat updates in the first half of 2017 and we expect all of these upgrades to deliver new features, tweaks and fixes for lingering Marshmallow issues. For more information on the Android Marshmallow’s successor, take a look at our Samsung Galaxy Android Nougat roundup and our Android Nougat walkthrough. Samsung’s Android Nougat update will bump devices from Android 6.0.1 to Android 7.0. It’s not clear when or if Samsung will bump its devices to Android 7.1.1, the most up-t0-date version of Nougat.. 10 Things to Do Before Installing Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Get Familiar with Android 6.0.1 & Marshmallow   1 / 10 Let's start with something very important.  One of the first things you'll want to do is get familiar with the changes coming with your version of Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow. Each update is going to be a little bit different (carriers can't help themselves) but there some core elements to each.  There are a number of resources around the web but we'll provide you with some great starting points right here.  We've taken a deep dive into the differences between Lollipop and Marshmallow and you'll want to check the basics out so that you're comfortable with the changes.  Android 6.0.1, the version of Marshmallow rolling out to Galaxy devices, is a little different than Android 6.0. You can get familiar with some of Android 6.0.1's basics right here. And then we get to the device level. That is to say that the Galaxy S6 Marshmallow update is a little different than the Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow update. We've outlined some of those differences and you can find them at the links provided.  Things will be different at the carrier level as well and you'll want to look into those changes as well. Unfortunately, those changes will arrive whenever Samsung and your carrier decide to push out Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow for your device. We'll provide you with the Verizon Galaxy Note 5 Marshmallow release notes as an example.  If you haven't been following along, now is a great time to look into the new features and enhancements so that you're as proficient as possible after you download and install Marshmallow on your Galaxy phone or tablet.    1 / 10 352 Responses 01/06/2016 Ben Reply i dont see any difference in this version and what I am currently running on my S^ which I just got a few days ago. The hype and the hype over a few stupid changes is crazy. You guys in the media have to stop making things bigger than what they are, When a MAJOR change occurs, then hype and push it. Marshmallow is not a big deal. 01/12/2016 mnet Reply Marshmallow is hug Ben. It is huge because of the features you will get to control app permissions. The “wild west” days of Android apps with their crazy permissions is coming to an end. If you have not discovered all the features of 6.0 yet its because you have not looked into what is really there but instead troll the web. 01/26/2016 Emma William Reply Samsung starts rolling out January security update for its flagship smartphones including Galaxy S5 04/03/2016 Elijah Abeyta Reply You’re mistaken. This update is about the marshmallow 6.0.1 and you must be talking about marshmallow 6.0 04/18/2016 William Ernst Reply The update sucks if you have an S5, as it has eliminated the feature that lets you transfer applications to the SD card 05/19/2016 Jamario Souza Reply The worst thing after this update is that I simply lost LTE connection. Only acces 3G. With Android 5 I could manage Network Band and select my prefered band, but now I have no access to it. In March it updated to Android 6.0, this month it updated to 6.0.1 and the shit continues. I cannot unlock phone using fingerprint after rebooting phone. It seems to me that Android M has taken a step backwards with my device. SM-G900K 07/05/2016 David Reply great 11/01/2016 Dalibor Salanski Cezar I get paid over $87 per hour working from home with 2 kids at home. I never thought I’d be able to do it but my best friend earns over 10k a month doing this and she convinced me to try. The potential with this is endless. Here’s what I’ve been doing>> USA Jobs Resort 04/14/2016 Robert Reply I disagree. I’ve had my S6 for several months on Lollipop, finally got the update to Marshmallow from Verizon a couple weeks ago and I’m really enjoying it. My S6 has much better battery life and it performs much better in benchmarks and normal use. It’s smoother (not as laggy), apps load faster, messaging is more streamlined (no more waiting to take and send pics through text), and total control of app permissions (finally). Marshmallow is a major update and I couldn’t be happier with it. It’s just a shame it took so long to actually get it. 06/21/2016 laurarussell532 Reply I found a great site that focuses on stay at home mom’s complete guide to gaining a serious amount of money in very little time. While being able to earn an passive income staying home with your kids. If you are someone who needs more money and has some spare time, this site is perfect for you. Take a look at… follow this link…..★★★◕◡◕◕◡◕◕◡◕ ❥❥❥❥❥❥❥ Spacial~Work AtHome. 01/06/2016 Chuck Reply I’m giving to the end of my contract for Google to jump on manufacturer’s about pushing their updates in a timely fashion. If it’s not resolved within the two year update I’m moving to iOS. I rather deal with a company that updates regular and is more restrictive about what you can have than a company that takes months and months to update their devices. 01/11/2016 Taha Reply Chuck. Buying a nexus gives you instant apple style hardware and software updates. Cheers 01/12/2016 mnet Reply I agree with you to a point. But you have to ask yourself are you looking for updates for the sake of just getting something “new”? Most updates are minor, granted 6.0 is no minor update. Just wondering 04/05/2016 Ava James Reply Telus starts rolling out Android Marshmallow for the Galaxy S6 edge+ The changelog also mentions features like Quick Connect, improved fingerprint security, an advanced power saving mode, and a new vibration pattern. 01/12/2016 Michaelafraser Reply 1=18my best friend’s sister-in-law makes $84 /hr on the laptop . She has been fired from work for five months but last month her pay check was $21612 just working on the laptop for a few hours. why not try here…. See More 03/06/2016 John Doe Reply We don’t give a shit about you friend or anything else you post. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Uh oh! SPAM N SCAM R US. 01/12/2016 sgtguthrie Reply I don’t know why I even took the click bait. The article, like all of them here, reads as if it was written by a 6th grader. 01/25/2016 Nameless Opiner Reply This is the exact same article from months ago; you just tacked on a recent date… 01/28/2016 Ava James Reply How about multi tasking ? Is it improved? Or still the apps getting reload when you open from multi tasking window? Also i want to share a good news for folks that T-Mobile has started offering a great deal for its customers ( old or new ), Buy one flagship phone, get another one at half price. This offer is only for The 32GB Samsung Galaxy S6, The 32GB Samsung Galaxy S6 edge, The 32GB Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+, The 32GB Samsung Galaxy Note 5 01/29/2016 Jabir Reply My note 4’s model number is sm-n910c so i cant update this to Marshmallow.please help me.how can i uptade my phone to Marshmallow . 01/30/2016 Johan E. Bengtsson Reply I have a notification now “There is an update that is going to be installed” (in Swedish), but no information what software is going to be updated nor any indication that it is from Samsung. I s that the January security update? In any case, I have managed to remove some of the Samsung bloatware (I wish I could ger rid of the awful TouchWiz panels too), so I am not risking getting all that crap back by accepting any non essential upgrades. 02/01/2016 Bishal Khan Reply I am using s6edge plus I think that samsung should give Marshalltow on it please 03/03/2016 Nick Stanizewski Reply Seriously? Your phone came out in September of last year. Try dealing with the frustrations of having a note 4 on verizon. Hahahahahaha your comment really did make me laugh. Crying you don’t have marshmallow. I went as far as going out and buying a tablet so I didn’t have to deal with that garbage phone as much. Have fun with samsung. I’m going to stock android, close to it, or at the worst LG unless they start playing the samsung when are you getting your update game also. 03/18/2016 Kim Griffiths Reply I finally got Marshmallow yesterday (17 March 2016) on my Edge +. I think that it’s going to be another couple of months before I see it on my Note 4. But some great additions I didn’t expect…they’ve added scrolling screenshot functionality & the Edge is, at last amazing with half screen functionality and loads upon loads of Edge improvements. Battery life seems far better. I haven’t really dug in to fund everything yet, but so far as great improvement. (United Kingdom, Three network) 02/02/2016 Don DeGregori (@dondedoes) Reply My MOTO G (2015) wants to eat marshmallows! Please hurry before they get stale. 08/24/2016 Caroline Eadie Reply If u bought ur moto g3 and just use 3 as ur network pull sim u will get mm update I got it last year bought right from Amazon 3 sim only contract 02/05/2016 Jason Toone Reply Looks like i got the update today s6 edge in uk 02/05/2016 Johncjones Reply 11123=24my best friend’s half-sister makes $87 /hr on the laptop . She has been out of a job for eight months but last month her check was $16467 just working on the laptop for a few hours. find more info…. See More 02/26/2016 Caelin Reply Stop spamming 04/11/2016 Krammit D Forg Reply sUCK MY baLLS 02/07/2016 mustaffa Reply Samsung you suck and whats the point of making phones that are made for marshmallow which is not available as of yet.i own a s6 and i am forced to sell it either to buy a nexus or lg device. 02/19/2016 ZAC Reply I got s6 and about to sell it since Samsung doesn’t work on the updates. I’ve used s3 s5 note4 and s6 but I’m giving up coz of their company systems. Lots new phones, no updates.galaxy s, a, j, note, Grand, mega, active, edge, zoom……what else seriously? 02/09/2016 AL Reply Mustagfa I agree, I came back to Samsung now I’ll be going back to LG 02/19/2016 ZAC Reply This is stupid waiting until the mid April… so much gap between s.korea and Canada. Don’t understand why they need 3 months to release it in English versions. And Android N will be announced in only after few months. Work Samsung you’re so lazy! 02/19/2016 troy Reply Samsung you take too long to release updates full of excuses s6 edge i be waiting 6 months update seriously consider different phone manufacturer next time disappointed 02/24/2016 Elmar Reply Will Samsung use the android marshmallow fingerprint API feature or keep using it’s own fingerprint SDK (the one used currently in S6/Edge)? 02/26/2016 Ramesh Reply I dont think so they wil ever use marshmallow api for finger print 02/25/2016 J Reply Note 4 (Canada) here, when I upgrade I’m done with Samsung! Had the S3, Note 10.1 (2012) and now Note 4 and always the same with lack of updates or extremely slow to update. Samsung needs to stop making dozens of devices with then dozens of variants of the same device! This is why they can’t update in a timely manner. If Google and Apple can make their device line up simple then so can Samsung! If Apple and Google can bypass carriers for updates and send them direct to users then so can Samsung. Until Samsung smartens up, they have lost me as a customer! Next phone will either be a Google Nexus device or (I hate to say and even think it but) iOS. I left Apple for Android but Google hates sd cards, all other manufacturers are slow to update. It’s ridiculous! Also the fact Samsung is removing the “adoptable storage” feature from their Android 6.0.1 updates is ridiculous! It’s a Google feature and Samsung and LG should have no right to remove/disable it. Give us the choice FFS! F U SAMDUNG! 02/25/2016 Too Squat Reply Note 4 owner…I think this is my last Samsung. I bought it because of the pen. Used to be an HTC buyer, they converted me to Android. But Samsung, we buy your flagship…and as soon as you’re ready to release the next flagship you stop updating this one! Enough is enough. HE Elite x3 is my next phone. Continuum has come of age. 02/26/2016 Tiffany Lipsett Reply My next phone will either be a SONY or HTC I was really disappointed with the Galaxy S6 biggest waste of $900 ever 02/26/2016 elma Reply omg wtf 900$??? youre crazy. and then you get sober and you blame the world…who buys a phone for 900$?! and an S6 at that… should got a note 5 or s6 edge+ or something (iphone 6s or 6 although thats apple so its not a great choice.) 03/27/2016 Jake kennedy Reply He might be in another country. Im in australia and our 900 dollars is your 500 dollars i also got my s6 for 900. 02/26/2016 Danielle Reply Tired of being told we going to get update and nothing. Cell phone company like government all promise no action. 02/26/2016 PAT Reply I’m in Beirut Lebanon i received the 6.0.1 update on my Galaxy note 5 SM-N920C the notifications panel is expendable and turned from light green to white the color of the folders changed too, i have google on the home button to search on all screens. In general the phone is more responsive specially the fingerprint scanner until now the phone is faster, on the browser there’s the new secret mode. 02/26/2016 EugEnE Reply What about the GALAXY ALPHA?? i think it deserves to have 6.0 too… 02/26/2016 shahzaib Reply Samsung why do u hate note 4 why 02/26/2016 Jeremiah Reply Hey Adam Mills, I realize writing an article is your job but seriously, write something relevant. This is like reading the same thing over and over and over again. 4 months into Marshmellow and barely any devices have recieved it. Pathetic. Carriers suck with the added bloatware but it shouldn’t be this damn complicated. The real reason for the wait, S7 and S7 Edge. Gotta make sure as many people buy the latest and greatest before taking care of their actual customers first. Yes, its a business but wow…get the ball rolling Samsung or you’ll be losing about 100 people I know who’d love to try Apple. I love Android but sooooooooooo slow. 02/27/2016 Abhishek Reply Thanks for this Information. 02/27/2016 David Reply When will marshmallow update be on the s6 verizon? 02/28/2016 Mike Venturini Jr. Reply David, When you buy a S7. Verizon is the slowest about updating there phones. Ill get updated when note 6 comes out. 02/28/2016 Mike Reply Come on Verizon, get M to the Note 5! 02/29/2016 Azad Singh Reply I have Samsung gelexy On5, When update marshmallow plz confirm me…. Sir….. 02/29/2016 ThisGuyEntitledMuch Reply wow 02/29/2016 Charles Reply To the coders, thanks and all that… I’m sure that you busted a gut over this thing. but, Marshmallow doesn’t appear to be worth the risk of bricking your phone. You got Lollipop working ok.. You even dumped out a security patch. It works… It works well… The phone works as advertised. 6.0 and/or 6.0.1 for all the fanfare and hooplah… just doesn’t seem like it’s worth the risk. Maybe after 6.0.1 gets debugged… and/or maybe a 6.0.2 rolls out – or, maybe after the security fixes for it hit the bricks… It’ll be mature to a point where it’ll install and do what it’s supposed to do without doing any harm…. That could be a year away. Hell, there is even super hype blurting out over Android N… – and, they haven’t delivered 6.0.1… Why not talk about O and P while you’re at it…. There are still a lot of un-used letters in the alphabet. There is little or no talk about a USA release… thank god. It has to start out in S. Korea… and work its way west thru Bangladesh and Botswana. Sure, fine… brick pygmy phones if you have to. Don’t release the >1Gb bloat code here – until it works… It doesn’t even have to deliver the BS hype… just don’t brick my phone. and, If at all possible – don’t gut any useful functionality – that I had in Lollipop… We all know BS when we hear it. We know it won’t do all that you say it will do…. In short.. Do no harm… Don’t release an OS that is worse than the one we got. 02/29/2016 Bharath Reply Any chance of Touchwiz update on note 4? 03/01/2016 Young_Android_Runner Reply 29Feb2016 > Marshmallow isn’t here yet but we’re already hearing about a potential successor to the Marshmallow update Huh? Marshmallow isn’t here???? 03/03/2016 Mix Tech (@MixTech04) Reply Samsung Galaxy S5 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow Beta https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0t_ow9y2b0 03/05/2016 ead Reply Hi I am from 03/05/2016 steve Reply I couldn’t care less if I get android 6 because all I use the crap s5 for is texting and calls. Can still do that on an old Nokia. Apart from cosmetics android hasn’t changed much at all. All manufacturers , not just Samsung care about money / profit You really think they give a crap if they lose a few customers because they are crying about not getting the newest updates ??? 03/07/2016 Blaž Veber Reply Will Galaxy S4 I9505 get this update? 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply IMO I’m thinking you’re 1 generation too old to get Marshmallow. I may be wrong, but if I were you I’d not expect it. 04/09/2016 Derrick Reply Does anyone know when galaxy s5 SM-G900A ATT will get marshmallow update 03/07/2016 John Dunn Reply I am still wondering when I can expect Marshmallow for my Galaxy Ta2 10.1! Facebook is always freezing and not responding well when it is working! Also, videos play very poorly, spooling every five seconds or so! I have added the extra 32 g memory and still has not helped!!!!! My LG5 has marshmallow with 32 g and the difference is night and day!!!!! 03/08/2016 Audreyjrisner Reply Now look…! ,m­­­­­­­­­y b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t f­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­d’s h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­l­­­­­­­­­f-s­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r m­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­s $87 /h­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p . S­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e h­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­n o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t o­­­­­­­­­f a j­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­b f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r e­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­g­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­s b­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­t l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t m­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­h h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­r c­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­c­­­­­­­­­k w­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­s $16467 j­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­s­­­­­­­­­t w­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­k­­­­­­­­­i­­­­­­­­­n­­­­­­­­­g o­­­­­­­­­n t­­­­­­­­­h­­­­­­­­­e l­­­­­­­­­a­­­­­­­­­p­­­­­­­­­t­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­p f­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­r a f­­­­­­­­­e­­­­­­­­­w h­­­­­­­­­o­­­­­­­­­u­­­­­­­­­r­­­­­­­­­s. find more info… See More 03/12/2016 steven hernanez Reply Stop spaming please we all know it’s spam no one will fall for it. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply SCAM ALERT! 03/12/2016 Francis (@maroonedfrancis) Reply Finally getting a software update. More than 1gb Samsung galaxy s6 edge plus from the Philippines here :) 03/12/2016 outlooker Reply Marshmallow update received today in uk but lol the user manual is now in italian. Why? 03/15/2016 Kent Reply Install interrupted?! WTF?! Multiple times….I’m done with Android. Back to iPhone and IS. 03/16/2016 Doris Reply This is bullshit! Galaxy s6 got marshmallow and galaxy note 5 not even a damn clue! Big disappointment!!! 03/17/2016 Shubhashish Reply Got the Marshmallow 6.0.1 update on my Galaxy S6 in India finally today. The phone has gotten smoother but there isn’t any change in battery performance, at least nothing yet. A couple of features have disappeared. Like, now I cannot define the pattern of vibration when a phone rings. Bummer. I liked that. Second, while waking up the phone, the screen-light come on really slowly. Third, the Settings aren’t all same like Galaxy S7. There is no triple-press home button for one-hand use feature. Fourth, Galaxy Labs is absent. Oh well, can’t think of more at the moment. There are many more, though. Disappointing, Samsung. At least the same software update should give similar experience. 03/17/2016 Maffyp Reply 6.0 downloaded over the air on edge plus unlocked uk 03/18/2016 Sadik Reply Updated my LG G4 to 6.0 ..now I have issue with my battery life..I am sure it was better before upgrade…Anyone have the same issue? 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Haven’t had that but do this. Clear all cache and see if it helps. It may be in settings or you may have to enter device recovery by turning it off then holding either the up or down volume while also holding power while it starts. Google search for your correct way of entering recovery. Then when you do get there, use volume keys as directionals to select clearing system cache. OK that by the power key. Then select reboot and OK it by the power key. It may help you. 03/18/2016 MARIAH HAWKINS Reply Having syncing problems with multiple apps with new marshmallow update. 03/19/2016 mercy Reply Updated to marshmallow yesterday…wtf my phone crush almost all the time..n the battery life still shit 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Clear system cache and reboot. 03/19/2016 Joe Kahn Reply Note…Tmobile has updated the S6, S6E and S5 to the “Testing” phase. 03/19/2016 Ben Reply Still haven’t got marshmallow update, :( (S6 edge AT&T US) anyone know when it will come out?……… 03/19/2016 Larry Lumpkin Reply T mobile will launch marshmallow update for the galaxy S6 edge plus on the 25th.. Well that date was based on my imei number I was told when I talked to them so it may be different for other people.but according to their website marshmallow update for the galaxy S6 and the s6 edge is in testing mode.. Should roll out by the end of this month.. 03/20/2016 daniel cambria (@njdan30) Reply tits on a bull are more useful and informative then these space filling copy and paste aticles 03/21/2016 Bob Reply Terrible writing. You don’t have to repeat the phrase “Marshmallow update” in every paragraph. The first eight paragraphs could have been condensed into about three sentences. 03/21/2016 Raza Reply When the android 6.0 updates roll out for galaxy j500h 03/21/2016 Chris Reply Got the update, but none if the new emojis. Not happy. 03/21/2016 unknown Reply when will t mobile roll out marshmallow for S6 03/22/2016 KB_PL Reply Still ‘NO’ Update in Poland for S6 with a non contract tied handset (Direct from Samsung) Nothing coming via OTA 03/22/2016 Smores on a stick Reply Wow! The amount of people threatening to switch from one brand to another and crying because they don’t have the update yet is shocking. Children….you will have your Marshmellow after you eat all your lollipop. Relax. Wait. There is nothing wrong with your lollipop. Wha wha why do I have to wait…Johnny has marshmellow….holy crap shut up you whiny little b$/!@. seriously. 03/28/2016 Dan Reply You didn’t need to post if you already have it. If you don’t have it and don’t care, you still didn’t need to post. Let us rant and why don’t you stay quiet? Samsuck is notorious for sending out upgrades late, thanks to their crappy touchwhiz garbage. They have to make sure the newest OS is working with that and thus it takes the longest. This is my first and last samsuck device, not only because of late OS updates (and N is right around the corner), but also because of their rapid charging mode. It wears out their batteries and people have to go buy new ones after about a year. My iPhone 5 that I gave my wife, I bought at launch and it is still working flawlessly on the same battery. My samsuck nope 4 is not holding the charge it once did because of its battery issue. I won’t be buying a new battery, however, I will be buying a new phone. And if I have to sell a kidney to afford and iPhone then so be it. 03/22/2016 Mathew Bolles Reply I received my update on my US Cellular S6 two days ago. It’s working flawlessly and full of all the promised upgrades and features. 03/24/2016 Preston Reply Note 5 on Sprint is getting it now. 03/24/2016 Jack Reply Receiving marshmallow from Sprint on my s6 edge+ now! 03/24/2016 Charles Reply About the only thing you can say about the Big Marshmallow Roll Out – is that it’s worth every penny ya paid for it. From what I can tell…. No one involved in the process seems to know what the process is. Supposedly, it is really rolling out some where… Botswana… Bangladesh… the Punjab in India. It is rolling of obscure tele-cos… with 10s of 100s of customers… The smaller the better. No projected or predicted or implied delivery dates have been met – any where. Those that got it – and, it worked – don’t seem to have a problem with it… even if it comes with its own completely new set of anomalies. Those that got it and it bricked their devices… simply disappear into non-digital existence. There seems to be some people that may or may not have it… that just love it to death. They are others seeing it as a cure for imagined ills. Then their are a few walking wounded that actually did get it… And, it didn’t deliver as promised. Bottom Line…. So far, it’s a huge non-event… and, that may be the good news… Some devices are skipping this promised land – for the next new – not quite there – version N. Which one must assume will be as nebulous as the nearly existent Marshmallow. This would all be a horrible fate if there was a problem with Lollipop to begin with. Fortunately, Lollipop isn’t all that bad. These promised improvements are like chasing mirages in the dessert… That can be a real problem if you are dying of thirst. The problem for the Android Overlords is that they can’t get any one thirsty for the new products…. Rumors, innuendos, and power of suggestion will only get you – but, so far. Plus, if you deliver one of these half-baked products – and, it bricks millions of devices… that a hell-of-a-lot of negative advertisement to get over. So, the latest update on the update… is that it is still kind of there but not there. No carrier has a completed roll out for all their devices. No device manufacturer has a completed roll out for all their makes and models on all carriers. There isn’t even a single device that is up and running on all carriers. It’s just one very specific make, model, – possibly even a specific block of serial numbers – within a model… pops up with a roll out on – one very specific carrier – usually some where outside the US. This is touted as progress…. Where – in comparison – Apple pulls a roll out and gets 80% of their products updated in a month… Still, ya have to admit…. Marshmallow is worth every penny ya paid for it. 03/24/2016 Jeffrey Gohlke Reply US Cellular S6 updated to 6.0.1 today 3-24-16 03/24/2016 Thersathomas Reply 203=1m­­­­­­­­­y neigh­­­­­­­­­bor’s mo­­­­­­­­­m m­­­­­­­­­akes $80 /h­­­­­­­­­r o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e int­­­­­­­­­ernet . S­­­­­­­­­he ha­­­­­­­­­s be­­­­­­­­­en unem­­­­­­­­­ployed f­­­­­­­­­or 7 mon­­­­­­­­­ths b­­­­­­­­­ut la­­­­­­­­­st mon­­­­­­­­­th he­­­­­­­­­r inco­­­­­­­­­me wa­­­­­­­­­s $19300 ju­­­­­­­­­st wor­­­­­­­­­king o­­­­­­­­­n th­­­­­­­­­e inte­­­­­­­­­rnet f­­­­­­­­­or a f­­­­­­­­­ew ho­­­­­­­­­urs. po­­­­­­­­­p ov­­­­­­­­­er to th­­­­­­­­­is web­­­­­­­­­site… See More 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Ah another post by Spam N Scam R Us. Bet they “pay” us via Western Union with a check with $20,000 more, then we can kindly refund them the real $20,000 so you or I get stuck repaying the bank after the check bounces like a super ball. Nnnnoooooooo thanks. Obummer steals enough already. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply If you really wanted to SCAM a few on here, offer to sell the update to 6.0.1 for a dollar. 03/25/2016 Unknown Reply When will Galaxy A8 Sm-A800F get updates 03/25/2016 ashcomp Reply How about future announcements starting with the *oldest* included phone models first. I was beginning to feel very unhappy with my Galaxy S5, until I finally scrolled down to it. The people with the new gear *know* they’re good. 03/27/2016 James Zachary Reply My update to Marshmallow was a nightmare. I lost the ability to connect to wi-fi for the Play Store. If Wi-Fi is switched on, only the Play Store does not work. The Play Store works fine on LTE. All other Wi-Fi functions work fine. So I reset my device twice but no improvement. I see this problem happens to other phones at various times but I don’t see a good solution. 03/29/2016 Erik Reply I’ve experienced the same except the problem persists to apps like Pandora and youtube, however my browser app runs the website versions absolutely fine. If you find a solution please let me know, James! 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Any app that’s not working as before: clear the cache of each. Or, clear cache for the whole thing and reboot. 05/20/2016 Cindi Riggins Reply Samsung is terrible. This whole thing is a waste. Never will I buy a Samsung and it seems they have lost thousands of customers. They told me to do a soft reset 1st. 2nd put phone on safe mode. I did all. When in safe mode I went into play store updated apps. Went into maps and cloud. I to lost ability to connect to WiFi if on 4G. Doing this fixed it. I’m still connected to charger battery life terrible. Hope this phone makes til my contract is up. 03/27/2016 Marc Valencerina (@ELMenteVerde) Reply Getting Marshmallow 6.0.1 update now for my Galaxy S6 (Philippines) 03/28/2016 Thys Reply South Africans still waiting to find out when we are getting the upgrade. Pathetic… My next device will be an iphone. Worldwide rollouts, no favorites when picking which countries comes first and who have to wait for probably a year… Pathetic 03/28/2016 Dan Reply This is the LAST samsung device I ever buy! I am sick and tired of those developers who cannot get on the ball and get our devices updated. OS N is already coming out! And STILL no Marshmallow for my Thai version Note 4??? What is the hold up, samsung??!?!?! Get on the ball, or hire some competent developers to get that update to everyone. This is ridiculous! 03/28/2016 Stan Reply I don’t think it’s too much too ask that Verizon, who are a multi-billion dollar empire, who rushed to be the first US player to update marshallow to Samsung’s phones ensure a safe install. The update BRICKED MY PHONE by not allowing it to charge. Even using a new battery didn’t work! I Have safely updated many phones and computers a million different ways. NEVER have I ever had an update DESTROY A device, let alone an $800 phone! The super messed up part is the take NO accountability for releasing software that can damage your phone. Why do you think people are migrating in DROVES to T Mobil? Me being one…**** Verizon and hope they choke the thousands of dollars I’ve thrown their Way! CRiminal activity really…shame on Verizn. 03/28/2016 Ahmad Reply So my samsung is not working on Google ? 03/28/2016 Madatsprint Reply Got the marshmellow update on my s6 and now the wifi calling is not working properly, anyone else have that problem with sprint 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Try clearing that app’s cache. Or clear all cache and reboot. 03/29/2016 Marcus Reply I just recently updated my Sprint Galaxy Note 4 to android marshmallow 6.0.1, I also have updated another phone on my account to the Galaxy S7 edge the S7 running 6.9.1 is good so far as expected. However the update to 6.0.1 on the note 4 has a few issues so far, after the upgrade all my Bluetooth connections were wiped out and reconnecting is an issue because I have to reboot the phone and restart the headset 1 or 2 times before the phone sees the headset, I also found that one of tge greatest additions in marshmallows has been left out of the update and that is the theme engine, I mean really what sense does it make to leave out one of the best features, please put out an update that adds this feature back. Leaving out a major update at this stage of the game makes no sense at all. Guy’s get it fixed and get it right. 03/30/2016 Jay Reply Just got the 6.0.1 on my notes 5 sm – n920g 03/30/2016 Pamela Huff Reply My us cellular s6 edge plus updated to marshmallow a couple of weeks ago and I love it. Definitely some edge screen improvements but by far the most useful is having Google now right on top, no matter what page you’re on. 03/30/2016 Charles Reply As roll outs go… this is like standing in the middle of a turtle stampede. Sure, no one wants to rush anything… Why risk bricking your phone? The customers didn’t demand this. The customers aren’t really feeling the burn here… Yet, the vaguest reference of a siting in the most obscure of countries and the smallest of carriers – gets absurd pronouncements. It’ll happen when it happens. About the only good thing you can say about it – is – that it’s worth every penny you paid for it. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Here’s my 2¢. I’m glad my Note 4 got it as it is an update, it looks OK and works. I don’t like that Sammy took away the ability to move apps to the SD card and that I’ve gotta put the password in every time I reboot the phone. Other methods like fingerprint scan won’t work till after it’s fully rebooted via entering the password. I don’t think I’ve got extra emoji or wherever the modified battery saver was. It did come with a generous supply of Sprint/TouchWiz bloat as usual, but maybe a bit lighter by a few percentage points. I’m glad I didn’t pay for it though. And the next device for me will be called Nexus. See what you get for 2¢. :-P 03/30/2016 Wilson Reply After running the new update my S6 now randomly re-starts itself and I would say roughly half the phone calls are going directly to voicemail. The phone does not ring when this happens. What can be done to correct this? – Thank you. 03/31/2016 Jennifer Stam Reply Mine is doing the same! Frustrating! It’s also heating up and the battery life is even worse! 03/30/2016 Heather Lynn Tarnovsky Reply This UPDATE IS AWFUL I UPDATED IT DID NOT RECOGNIZE MY PASSWORD OR BACKUP PIN AND MY PHONE IS OPERATING LIKE CRAP 03/31/2016 Jennifer Stam Reply I upgraded and my S6 (Sprint) is now restarting itself multiple times throughout the day. It is heating up and my battery life is worse! I hope they debug soon. This is awful! Sure, there are some fun new features but not worth it at this point! 03/31/2016 Louise Reply I updated my Samsung S6 last weekend and it’s made absolute crap of my phone. Constantly crashing and freezing. Does anybody know if they are doing a patch soon? 04/02/2016 Jennifer Stam Reply My S6 is junk now after the update too. The better come out with a patch soon! Too many issues to mention here. My phone is messed up! 03/31/2016 Charles Reply Here we are at the close of yet another month… March 31 – with Marshmallow market share resting comfortably at 2.3%… The pundits milestones fall by the wayside once again. and, They refuse to hold silence on their accolades for 6.0.1 – that barely exists… – and, where it does exist – there is no small amount of nashing of teeth. The pundits sell great snake oil…. btw… And, what’s wrong with snake oil – you might say. When was the last time you saw a squeaky snake? oh… well… There is always April – then May – then June…. Maybe some country some where with a sizable telecom – will roll this thing out and get it to work. Buyer be ware… If you got it “on” your new device – don’t panic… it’ll probably work just fine. Upgrading older devices – is always a bit of a crap shoot. If you bought older legacy hardware and update prior to loading your old apps…. that might work ok, too.. Marshmallow isn’t all that evil… It just can’t cope with all the possible combinations of footprints left over from old OS’s and legacy apps. Nothing ever has. Nothing ever will. The glacial roll out is probably a blessing – in that it is sparing you from the infinite new anomalies that you will encounter… The purported enhancements/improvements – may – or, may not – work as advertised. but, At least, you have gotten used to the quirks in your current device. Why suffer the trials and tribulations of different quirks – whilst Beta testing the lasted flavor. I guess that I long for the daze when one could stone false prophets. Back in the good ole daze, if the prophet spoke and got it wrong – they took him out to the gates of the city and stoned him… Not much of a retirement plan… But, it really cut down on people making idiot claims and speculations. 03/31/2016 Charles Reply Verizon has already inflicted/infected the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 users with Marshmallow…. Batteries dying… WiFi croaking… no access to the AppStore… BlueTooth disconnecting…. Who will be the next victim? Will they bless the 6s class? What did they ever do the Verizon… other than subscribe. The good news here – is – that as glacial as Android is with the updates, they aren’t all that essential. The updates sell features that you have never had… you are being told that you want them. Also… it’s great that it’s free… The update is worth every penny that you paid for it. So – not getting something that you don’t need and didn’t ask for – for money that you never paid… isn’t all that bad of a deal… Then Verizon steps in with its non-value added contribution. This slows the process even further. By the time Verizon is finished bloating the code, even more lettered releases appear on the horizon… N, O, P, etc. Which may displace the much exalted M – all together… and, Is that bad? You are still not paying for it. You still didn’t ask for it. You still don’t need it. So, does it ever matter, which version of the next shiny new OS that you aren’t actually getting? The hype seems totally unaffected. These are the same guys that barely got KitKat and Lolipop to stop coughing up blood… and, those two combined only pulled 37% of the market share for Samsung. Marshmallow is languishing at 2.3% – after 4 months. This is almost as much fun to watch as MicroSloth WinWoes rolling out their free WinWoes Tin…. 03/31/2016 Amy Sweet Reply Did the Marshmallow update and I can no longer lock my phone. I have received help online but it only band-aids the issue. It stays locked once then no locking. How can this be fixed? I have the 6 Edge 03/31/2016 RL3 Reply Amy- what carrier are you with? 03/31/2016 Amy Sweet Reply US Cellular 03/31/2016 Ben Reply What is going on with AT&T STILL NO UPDATE! 05/01/2016 david smith Reply Samsung has confirmed that Marshmallow will soon be out for the Galaxy S6 on the second largest mobile carrier, AT&T in the United States. CHECK out detail http://goo.gl/Gwjyq2 04/01/2016 Isaac Evans Reply Verizon S6 edge update in progress! 04/01/2016 RL3 Reply Isaac – ME TOO! And, IDK why, but I think I have decided to go look at the S7 Edge today, of all days. lol 04/01/2016 Stan Reply Good luck with those Verizon updates. (I hope your phone is under warranty) 04/01/2016 RL3 Reply Spent the past hour and a half with it, so far no brick! 04/01/2016 Alexious Reply I already got the mm update on my s6 in Malaysia 04/02/2016 Tiger Reply When will samsung galaxy a5 will get Marshmallow update. 04/02/2016 Fady Hehsam Reply I’m from egypt and the Marshmallow update hasn’t come yet for the galaxy S5 04/02/2016 Csm Reply How the hell did verizon do the note 5, skip the s6 edge plus (which is virtually identical to the note 5 hardware-wise) and give s6 and s6 edge marshmallow? And i read the posts saying negative things about the update. I had similar experiences updating my s4 from kitkat to lollipop years ago. If its not the os the phone launched with its gonna have probs aclamating to the new os. Be paitent for patches and bug fixes. 04/05/2016 Brandon Moe Reply Update has bugs they need to work out. My phone will now randomly pulse vibrate for no reason at all 04/05/2016 Alexey Proskurin Reply I aready received 6.0.1 update in Bell (Canada) 04/05/2016 Mamalama Reply Ive got a galaxy s5 in australia and my phone is 5.0 but i have the 6.0 internet app does that mean telstra is testing. 04/05/2016 Marsha Setzer Reply Got the update today. Now im having wifi issues. Even if I turn off mobile data and don’t let it toggle, Everything is taking so long that it just times out and im sitting right in front of the router. And my play store isnt working correctly either. I hate these updates 08/24/2016 Caroline Eadie Reply Samsung seems to be the only phone’s having trouble on mm I updated a Moto g3 for my 11 yr old no problem at all 04/05/2016 Sean Giles Reply I just got my OTA 6.01 update for my Sprint Galaxy Note 5 here in San Diego, CA. Just FYI 04/06/2016 Joe Price Reply Updated this morning and all of my settings are screwed up – not happy!!! 04/07/2016 Bill Wright Reply I find the color changes in the notification panel and text message center are too subdued. It’s like some kind of funky grey. What’s with that? Try reading that in a low light condition. How can I replace my former colors. 04/07/2016 Richard Mauro Ricchiuti Reply I ran the 6.0.1 update a couple of nights ago and found the gallery folder with nearly 200 edits/photos using the App Snapseed empty! Snapseed is owned by Google, thus connecting with a developer is going to be a nearly impossible. Snapseed is wonderful photo editing app and it creates its own folder for edits made in the app. Before the 6.0.1 update I had edited 194 photos. They are now all gone. :( 04/07/2016 Richard Mauro Ricchiuti Reply I ran the 6.0.1 update a couple of nights ago on my Sprint Note 5 and found the gallery folder with nearly 200 edits/photos using the App Snapseed empty! Snapseed is owned by Google, thus connecting with a developer is going to be a nearly impossible. Snapseed is wonderful photo editing app and it creates its own folder for edits made in the app. Before the 6.0.1 update I had edited 194 photos. They are now all gone. :( 04/07/2016 elyse shearer Reply i cannot open my text messages folder at all… completely blank screen. the phone is overheating, and it keeps shutting off. wth am i supposed to do with this garbage when i depend on this phone for both of my jobs. 04/07/2016 Nicole Price Reply Thank you for making me HATE my new phone! I loved it before you terrible update. I hate the new colors, or lack there of, you have for my notification bar. My text message screen now hurts my eyes to look at. I will be looking into a new phone now. 04/07/2016 Derrick Reply Still waiting for att galaxy s5 SM-G900A marshmallow update does anyone have a clue when it’s going to be here 04/07/2016 Margaret Reply See …!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Are you from that company SPAM N SCAM? I think they’re based in Nigeria and use Western Union is s means to rip off victims that get sucked in. Your post doesn’t have place here. BEWARE! 04/08/2016 jennifer Reply I just did the update for my S6 and now the talk to text function is gone. Anyone else having this issue? 04/09/2016 Jessica Reply Me too!!! 04/09/2016 Jessica Reply Okay I just found it. If you hold down the button where it used to be it now is a settings icon it will be there 04/08/2016 Scott Michael (@on3wingedang3l) Reply Just bought an lg g3. Updated months ago. Screw you samsung I’m done with your late in the game services. S3 and s5 both are horrible phones 04/29/2016 Robert denaro Denaro Reply If you are T-Mobile and AT&T’s LG G3 custoers then you would be happy to know that your device started getting Marshmallow update today. here is how to update manually http://goo.gl/f7LxnH 04/08/2016 Derrick Reply 04/08/2016 Derrick Still waiting for att galaxy s5 SM-G900A marshmallow update does anyone have a clue when it’s going to be here 04/08/2016 Liz Reply The new update is absolute crap!!!!!! Now my autocorrect replaces REAL words that I have spelled CORRECTLY with words it THINKS I meant and makes me look stupid. Someone can text and ask how I am. I reply “I’m good!” And it corrects the word good and changes it to “not” so I wind up sending “I’m not!” It’s beyond agitating!!! And if I turn it off completely, then I’m left with it correcting nothing at all. So now I’ll have to download a less idiotic keyboard to use and eastern space on my note 5 to do so. this is BS. And that’s just one of the issues. 04/13/2016 Samantha Castaneda Reply I am having the same issue. It is driving me crazy!! If you find out how to fix it, please let me know! 05/05/2016 Christina Merager Reply I’m so glad I’m not the only one. It’s absolutely driving me insane. It’s unbelievable! The fact that the word is spelled Completely correct and it just changes it??? Why?? And sometimes to just a letter! But I’ve noticed it only does it for words that you add a (?) Or (!) to the end of. Not that that helps. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply I just wanted to put the info out that my Sammy & Sprint Note 4 had received the Marshmallow 6.0.1 near the end of March. My update was just short of 1.4 GB. It has improved my Note by making it feel smoother and more intuitive. It seems to also be a bit lighter as in not so bloated, but I’m unable to confirm that as a fact. The only area I’m disappointed, and it’s a great disservice to us owners in my opinion, I no longer can move apps to the SD card. It’s not even accessable, as in moving apps to it, unless I’m missing something. This in my opinion is a real failure by Sammy. It just confirms my previous plan to go Nexus next time around. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Sorry for my redundancy at the end there. 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply OK so there actually IS a way to transfer files from phone memory to a mounted SD card. If anybody’s interested, I’ll post the path to get file transfers done the Marshmallow way. Standby… 04/09/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply This may help some or all who have received Marshmallow and are having issues with the apps not acting right, the Wi-Fi or etc. This is worth trying once. Learn where you do this on your particular phone as I don’t know about all is of them. I do know I did this to my Sammy Note 4 on Sprint and it helped with crashing apps after updating. Clear all cache. Then reboot. See if it helps. Hint: some devices have a setting menu for this, others you shut off the phone then get to the restore screen to clear cache. Afterwards in either, do a reboot if possible. 04/09/2016 Landon R Caviness Reply Come on AT&T… By far the slowest carrier for updates… 04/10/2016 Ehsan Reply I am overall pleased with the marshmallow update in note 5 features are great interface just goto better, the only thing annoying to me is the grey strip on the top notification panel where battery indicator time etc are located. Any one know how to get rid of it? I really like the old panel without any background color. 04/10/2016 laptop servis Reply it isnt out in my country yet… cant w8 to update.. this waiting is so bothersome!!! 04/10/2016 Samiu94 Reply Hi, I bought Note 4 from Qatar a year ago still haven’y received update for Marshmallow. Can you advise when can I expect it. 04/11/2016 EMG Reply got the update in the States for Verizon, Since I have updated several apps will crash, and Samsung Milk will stream then buffer after about 60 seconds. 04/11/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Try clearing app cache or cache of whole phone and reboot. Also attempt app updates to see if newer versions are available. 04/11/2016 WALT Reply SWIPE TO DELETE ON EMAIL IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE. EMAIL MUST BE OPENED AND DELETED FROM THE VIEWING PANE. 04/11/2016 Derrick Reply At&t is taking to long to release marshmallow on galaxy s5 getting inpatient ughhhh 05/10/2016 J Reply Yep you’re not the only one, and I’m not sure If it’s worth it with all the negative reviews. 04/11/2016 rafeba Reply Bell Canada is rolling out Marshmallow for S6 edge right now! 04/11/2016 Michael Reply Verizon GS6+ MM update downloading now and I have literally stalked the system check for updates button. 04/11/2016 Tony Reply Is it samsung or is it AT&T?.. They both seem to be the last one to deliver 04/11/2016 Derrick Reply I feel the same I’ve been waiting long time ughh 04/14/2016 Johnathan McFadden Reply It’s att trying to add all the bloat and company crap no one wants. I gave up and sold my S6 edge+ I got a Nexus 6p and I love it so far. 04/11/2016 Loretta Reply hmmm!!!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/11/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply Apparently, one skill you don’t need is knowing how to type correctly. This just may be a scam folks. Bet they pay via Western Union where you relay cash after overpayment. Special offer if you opt into being ripped off this week is a new iScam 6S and a Bolex watch. 04/11/2016 sarcasticdave94 Reply OhBTW we only have to work this many hours for SpamNScamRUs per month28.8735632184. Nice uneven working hours or month,or should I say incredibly made up garbage! Oops was I supposed to put a space between words? SarcasticDave94 sarcasm of the hour. 04/11/2016 Chout Reply Unreal…Samsung is such a joke…Rogers is even worse. Where is my Note 4 update!? 04/12/2016 Rockwailer Reply Got it yesterday for S6 in Argentina (provider Movistar). Awful colours in drop down menu…Worst of all, DOUBLE BLOCK SCREEN with pattern option…with no apparent solution unless fingerprint block is set. Swipe deleting e-mails working as usual. 04/12/2016 Angel Reply My microphone is gone on my texting.. why can’t I use my talk text thing anymore after this update? I have us cellular just barely updated.. 05/25/2016 Lorie Moore Reply I found the answer above. Hold your finger on the icon where the microphone used to be. 4 new icons will appear. The microphone is one of them. 04/12/2016 Moe4chat Reply I have received the update on my GS5 and not if I do not back out of my text, the keyboard does not disappear when the phone times out and locks. I can not access the pattern to unlock the phone. I have to turn the phone off in order to access the phone again.. This is terrible. When will it be fixed? 06/17/2016 Michael Reply Experiencing the exact same problem on Galaxy Note 4. 04/13/2016 HORRIBLE UPDATE Reply I received the update from T MOBILE on my Galaxy S6 yesterday and wish they wouldn’t have pushed it out. Is it surprising that they screwed this up too? They are now having to send customers new phones, as the update has effectively made all phones that received it an expensive paper weight! T Mobile figures out new ways to disappoint every day! Wish I would have never moved off of Verizon! 04/13/2016 Lu Reply The talk to text button is on the setting wheel when you are in the keyboard. You have to hold down the wheel until the options with the microphone pop upl. 04/13/2016 Amber Reply Ever since I updated my Galaxy S6 from Sprint I can no longer connect to wifi. It looks like it is but then no, nothing will load. At first I was using data instead, but now I’m having issues with that too. My phone has become pretty much unusable. So upset, and there’s nothing anyone can seem to do about it. 04/14/2016 Charbel Geagea Reply I live in lebanon and I’m not getting touchwiz 6.0 and marshmallow on my s6 04/15/2016 lsv87 Reply I have Galaxy S6 Edge, marshmallow is awesome for DOZE and saving battery but I have a MAJOR gripe with lockscreen security. Before, switching back and forth between fingerprint and nothing was super easy. Use fingerprints to identify, choose none, that’s it. Now it is fricken ridiculous and annoying as hell cause it asks for your backup password or code, then you select none, then it ALWAYS says cancel/delete fingerprints/keep fingerprints, even if you select keep fingerprints it asks for you to create a backup passcode TWICE which you already have!!!!!!!!!!!!! Why would they do this absolute nonsense?????????? 04/15/2016 Cindi Riggins Reply The update ruined my phone. Can’t use Maps or update apps on WiFi. Have s6 and have had 3 phones. Was told to get a iPhone because there are so many problems and not known when an update will be released to fix update. Can’t use my calendar and I am lost without it. Wont sinc on wifi or data. Took it to Best Buy to Samsung tech and they can’t figure it out. Help!!! 04/15/2016 Amber Mcd Reply Hate this update! Why cant we have an option to change from marshmallow. new color sucks , hurts my eyes and it is so bight in the dark. I also hate the lag it had put on my keyboard and the swipe feels off as well as the pauses and spaces it puts in between words. It has next messed up many of my gaming… the screen is super zoomed in and you cannot see to whole area. It has already messed up many times when I have tried to log in. Can we please have the option to choose something different than marshmallow??!@ 04/16/2016 Sarahdbrown Reply Really Wonderful new jobs…!!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 52512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/16/2016 Rajesh Shetty Reply multiple issues with the new update. screen write problems if u lift tbe s pen off the screen and the notification bar loss after the update. no patch out yet and surprisingly not a lot of noise about it. hope samsung fixes it soon. 04/17/2016 Tarek Reply When the android 6.0.1 updates roll out for galaxy SM-J700H 04/17/2016 pratik shrestha Reply When the android 6.0.1 updates roll out for Samsung galaxy note 5 SM-N920T 04/17/2016 kam Reply notification panel is not showing in my galaxy note 4. 04/18/2016 Lars Reply Well, it’s now the 18th. AT&T still hasn’t rolled out Marshmallow for my S6 Edge, but with all the issues that people are listing here over the past few days, I hope that’s a good thing… 04/18/2016 NOTE 5 Reply My microphone icon is gone from my keyboard on my Note 5. It is replaced with a smiley face. How do I speech to text on messages? I just installed marshmallow. 05/25/2016 Lorie Moore Reply Hold down the smiley face. New icons will appear. Microphone is one of them. 04/18/2016 NOTE 5 Reply I get a pop up message for a text message regardless of whether my phone is locked and I have notifications off on my Note 5. How do I turn it off? 04/19/2016 Tom Thompson Reply Galaxy Note 5 after Marshmallow update, crashes my Toyota Entune system during contact transfer in my 2015 Highlander, if I turn off contact transfer it works, but what’s the point to that, I still have to pick up my phone to access contacts. The whole point to hands free is to be hands free. Lots of wifi issues, and many symptoms as others have stated. Between not working in the car anymore and the tremendous keyboard lag, Marshmallow has got to he the worst version yet. I downloaded 5.1.1 from sammobile.com and reflashed to downgrade. I’m hoping Amdroid N isn’t far behind. 04/20/2016 Enajrowe Reply Ｉ ᴊᴜｓᴛ ɢᴏᴛ ᴘᴀɪᴅ 6784ＵＳＤ ᴡᴏʀᴋɪɴɢ ᴏғғ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴛʜɪｓ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ, ᴍʏ ᴅɪᴠᴏʀᴄᴇᴅ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅ ʜᴀｓ ᴛᴡɪɴ ᴛᴏᴅᴅʟᴇʀｓ ᴀɴᴅ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ᴏᴠᴇʀ $9ᴋ ʜᴇʀ ғɪʀｓᴛ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ｉᴛ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ ᴡʜᴇɴ ᴏᴛʜᴇʀ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴡᴏʀᴋ ғᴏʀ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ʟᴇｓｓ. Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 04/20/2016 Alejandro Reply Just received my update for my Sprint Note 4 Edge. Here are the details. Size: 1474.19 MB Version: N915PVPU4DPD1/N915PSPT4DPD1/N915PVPU4DPD1 · OS upgrade – Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow · To get the best from your device, please keep your phone up to date and regularly check for software updates. ※ Fingerprints are securely protected. An alternative unlock method (pattern, PIN, or password) is required to add fingerprints. ※ Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow does not support the Decrypt device function. If your mobile device is encrypted, encryption cannot be disabled after upgrading. If you want encryption to be disabled after upgrading, it must be disabled before you upgrade your device. To disable encryption go to Settings – Lock screen and security – Other security settings, then select Decrypt device. ※ If the Samsung Gear or Gear Fit Manager app does not work normally after this upgrade, uninstall the app, then install the latest version. This will reset your Gear to factory default settings and all data on your Gear will be erased. ※ Some apps that were installed via the Lollipop OS may need to be updated after upgrading to the Marshmallow OS. Go to Galaxy Apps or Play Store to update apps. 04/21/2016 Charles Reply Marshmallow… 6.0.1 – over hyped… bloated… non-plused…. overall = not bad. For a Samsung Galaxy s6 edge+ / with Verizon, it’s not all that bad. My phone did not brick. My phone is not coughing up blood. The battery does not die… though – I’m not quite sure that the super enhanced improvement is there… The battery is doing ok.. not noticeably worse. The graphic depiction of projected duration is longer… I haven’t tried running it out to 12 hours yet… I don’t run enough BlueTooth peripherals to show a problem… It says its still there… I’m taking it at its word. The WiFi… may have had a problem – or, not…. The home WiFi didn’t skip a beat. The historical archive of pre-existing connections did ok, too… Scanning for potential – new – WiFis could be a problem – or, not… it could just work differently. I’ve had to re-register on a couple of hubs… So far, no big deal. The phone does not get mysteriously hot… or, cold… It does not randomly buzz, vibrate, reboot – or, speak in tongues. All the apps seem to have made it. The app store(s) are still there… — there is a special permission for non-PlayStore apps… Click a button and the Amazon apps, etc… are good to go. The GPS is doing ok. It appears to be doing every bit as well as the old Lollipop… It may be a schoosh faster – snappier. Schoosh…is a technical digital device term = barely noticeable. The user interface “is” slightly different… enough to annoy… I can’t see much of a wow factor in it. The “edge” feature is different… (? better ?)… It’s only better if you were a heavy user to begin with. If you had never bonded to the feature to begin with.. this probably isn’t going to get you anymore involved. So far, Marshmallow is a benevolent improvement. It has done no noticeable harm. I haven’t lost any capabilities. It may even be an improvement – overall. I can’t dodge the feeling that I am missing something… with all the fanfare, there should be some sort of wow-factor that justifies all the hype… Sometimes ya just have to take it as it is… at least, it didn’t set me back. I would recommend it – if I only knew – why? 04/21/2016 Elle Reply Thank you 04/22/2016 Lisa Miceli Reply UGH…not a fan of the update at all. Every since the update my phone has issues with Maas360 for work emails (constantly tells me it cannot connect to the mail server) and facebook randomly tells me it cannot connect either. I am on my home wifi and never had an issue prior to the update. very frustrating!!!!! 04/22/2016 Pisces_jss Reply I’m having some problems since updating my S6, facebook isn’t working well..says check your internet connections, keyboard stuck when i need to confirm on a provider’s sms etc etc. 04/24/2016 Jenniferdpearman Reply nice.,,,!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 52512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 04/24/2016 InfamousTommyT-Bone Reply GET A REAL JOB BITCH! 04/27/2016 Lovegin Reply ITS NOT AN UPDRADE. ITS A DE – GRADE This update is not good…. # I lost my call recordings. Now call recordings not possible. # in the action memo you cant write & directly save the written phone number to contacts. That option is missing. # Ikons looks rounded… Not at all good looking. NOTHING SPECIAL OR VISIBLE & OFCOURSE YOU ARE MISSING A LOT. CAN I CANCELL THIS UPDATE & GO BACK TO OLD ONE. NOW I AM NOT FEELING GOOD WITH MY NOTE 04/27/2016 Cindi Riggins Reply Update is horrible! Samsung needs to come up with a update to fix marshmallow update. Using way to much data because most won’t work on wifi. HELP 04/28/2016 Nitesh Reply When the exynos varient S5 will recove update SM G900H ? its end of april nd we didnt recived in g900h varient…. How much wait more ? 04/30/2016 laptop servis Reply This looks promising. I didnt get 6.0 update yet cuz im from serbia but i guess i soon will. :) 05/02/2016 Princess Anne Reply I also got the update for 6.0.1. Is there a user/guest mode on the update for samsung galaxy s6? Most of the features doesn’t work now. Like the notifications are gone, developer options says “it doesn’t work for this user”, multitasking app doesn’t work, home and back button is the only one the works. Please help. 05/02/2016 Charles Reply Marshmallow 6.0.1 doesn’t seem to be all that bad…. Eventually, it automatically downloaded, then the annoying window was there for about a week every time you unlocked the screen. I finally consented for it to install… (Verizon Samsung Galaxy s6 edge plus) It blinked and buzzed… blinked some more.. went dark… for awhile… lit back up… did some more blinking… buzzed…. – after a bit, it looked like it was gunna actually do sumthun… The start screen lit up and it jingled its jangle… Then there was much flashing and an occasional buzz…. Once it finished convulsing, I went for a shut down, which it did. After a few moments of calm, I started it back up again. This time it started with less fan fare… about as quickly as Lollipop… It still wanted to do some tweaking… So, for the first half hour or so – it was clunky. Whatever the upgrade is – it takes time to digest. Over the following week or so… mileage has varied. Nothing bad… = but, no wow factor either. The battery usage is some where between psychotic and bewildering. Sometimes it predicts 8 hours… sometimes 3 days. There are weird slopes in the discharge curve, which effect the battery life prognostications. It may depend on signal strength, whether or not WiFi is enabled… and/or the strength of the WiFi signal.. It may also be effected by back ground app updates and the relative signal strengths during those processes.. and, There may be god knows what going on with apps optimizations. I have not let this thing go for 3 days and attained the promised duration… Before I could get 8hr, 12hrs… maybe 16 hrs… before an auto shut down. The best to date with marshmallow – I’ve gotten down to around 30 – 40% in power savings mode in about 22 hrs…. which is an improvement. I just don’t know if I can believe it. The digital services seem to be a bit snappier, quicker. No big difference with calls, gps, bluetooth, or WiFi… The searching and notifications of “new” WiFi signals may be different – but, the devices seems to connect to the old connections – ok. Basically, It hasn’t screwed much of anything up…. I have a very undemanding regimen for the device. What I had it doing – it still does, which is all I asked for. The new “can’t live without features” – eh… just not all that into them, yet. They aren’t bad… I bought the edge plus for the bigger screen – not so much for the edge technology. There’s nothing wrong with it… just wasn’t a big deal to begin with. With all the tapping, dragging, swiping, pinching, spreading… another way of doing the same stuff just adds another layer of confusion to the process… Still, the edge stuff works… The edge bar is bigger.. If I used it, it would be helpful. I can definitely say, that it was worth every penny I paid for it. It has done no damage. No data lost. No performance lost. No functionality lost. The learning curve for the new features is negligible. This positions the device to take advantage of new features in my existing apps. So far – so good…. It may be a benefit for battery usage and charging It will probably be better on my Samsung Galaxy Tab s2… 05/02/2016 Dustin Hall Reply My S6 updated to Marshmallow this morning and I’m getting all these errors: messaging app totally not working, laggy overload for every app, not recognizing my thumbprint, battery draining exceptionally fast. Help! What do I do to fix this?! 08/24/2016 Caroline Eadie Reply After installing mm make sure to backup your photos data etc and factory reset it should sort everything as you may have residue left from lollipop 05/03/2016 Devs Reply @editors Can I suggest that someone contacts Rogers PR and find out what is going on with the delay. They are providing no details to their users and it is causing an uproar on their forums with no official notice. It would be interesting to have a site like yours investigate and get an official statement. 05/03/2016 Wearables Tech Reply I didnt get 6.0 update yet. 05/03/2016 Udon Reply I bought a Nexus 6P used…selling my Note 4. Done with Samsung…forever. 05/04/2016  Apple Store New Oleans Reply It blows me away that Samsung has convinced the world that people need to buy their garbage. I bought the Galxaxy S6 just to I could use VR Gear .Other than VR, I don’t see any practical iuse for it. Even the most basic things (like finding the IMEI were difficult) and it doesn’t seem to flow s fluid as iPnone does. No iCloud, no iTunes, no FaceTime, no seamless integration with Mac. I will say this: I love being able to add extra stprage to the Android, and though Google Maps and YouTube works great on the Android, gut not on the iPhone. It’s almost as if they crippled the Google apps on iPhone to make it seem lie iPhones sucks. Nice try Samsung, you get no resoect from e, 05/04/2016 Rabih Almokdad Reply Totaly dissappointed from samsung ,I have a note 4 device and until now there is no update to android 6, even the update of android 5 came 2-3 monthes late, plus the update of os is in the name, nothing new in the software. Samsung and android brings dissappointment and failure to convict me again to buy or to use even for free their products. 05/05/2016 khesselsees hessels Reply Anyone want to buy the s6 edge sm-925f unlocked 64gb gold with wireless charger and case ( no headphones) Excelent condition. 500 $ (You pay transportation costs) I am gonna get myself a htc 10…. sick of waiting 05/07/2016 Nitesh Reply what about s5 Smg900h ? when it wll recove marshmallow ? Exynos Varient 05/08/2016 John Reply I have the S5 and I did an update this morning now my phone is not working. It’s just blinking the home screen backdrop but no apps and it doesn’t make it to the welcome screen. This is Mothers Day and I have no phone to text or call. Thanks a million android! 05/08/2016 Tom Thompson Reply Hi there. Try powering off the phone, then boot to recovery mode (hold the home button, the volume up button, and power at the same time) when recovery mode appears, select “wipe cache partition” then reboot. Hope that helps, if not, go back to recovery and do a factory reset. 05/08/2016 Andy Tan Reply just want to know that when can get the update for malaysia ? and in malaysia , S5 will get 6.0 or 6.0.1.. thx 06/03/2016 Ed Reply You’re better off without the update. Stay with the 5.0 05/09/2016 Cesar Reply I just got my update two days ago and I have some issues. The notification panel has disappeared and when i try to edit it, it has nothing. No icons whatsoeve . Also, the pen isn’t working, I don’t get the wheel with options. I trying setting it up again, reset the phone and nothing works. Any help would be appreciate it. Thanks 05/09/2016 Cathyjcox Reply yes 05/09/2016 Cathyjcox Reply Ｉ Ａᴍ ᴍＡᴋɪɴɢ 84ＵＳＤ ᴘᴇʀ ʜᴏᴜʀ Ａɴᴅ Ａʟᴍᴏｓᴛ 16784ＵＳＤ ᴘᴇʀ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ ᴘＡʀᴛ ᴛɪᴍᴇ ᴏɴ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴏɴ ᴛʜᴇ ɢᴏᴏɢʟᴇ .ᴛʜɪｓ ᴛᴏᴛʟʏ ᴄʜＡɴɢᴇ ᴍʏ ʟɪғᴇ Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ,Ｉ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 05/10/2016 Jacob Reply I updated my s5 today and I was just wondering if anyone else has had the same problem has I have….I can deal with the app covers shapes but has anyone had any problems when they want to change the notification vibration pattern for text? I like to keep my phone on silent 24/7 so I don’t bother others, so before I updated it, it had a solid long vibrate and was able to feel it to let me know I got a message but now it’s just 2 really fast buzzes that I can barely feel….it tells me I can set the vibration to the pattern I want but it’s still the 2 quick buzzes….can anyone help me or has anyone had the same problem happen to them??? 05/10/2016 Zachary Munden Reply I wanted to tell everyone that U.S. Cellular has sent out the 6.0 update! 05/11/2016 Brian Reply I wanted to pass this along to owners of the Galaxy Note 4 SM-N910AZKEATT. I am an AT&T customer and like many of you I have been awaiting the Galaxy Note 4 Marshmallow update, but I have been waiting for it for very different reasons. Some owners of the phone may be waiting for it for the same reasons as well. Here is the problem:   Since the internet released that AT&T rolled out the Galaxy Note 4 Marshmallow update overseas, Google App vendors have been upgrading their softwares for the Note in anticipation of the Marshmallow Platform Update. If you are like me and you have been paying attention, these Google Play Apps update sometime 1 to 5 times weekly. With the updates being installed, the phone begins to freeze in certain applications. The phone may allow you close out the application so you may relaunch it, but in my instance this also means removing the battery cover (waiting for a time) and restarting the device. The reason I have now been told 5 times by AT&T tech reps is that the phone has not been updated with the software needed to support the updated Apps. So basically, between 1 to 6 times daily my device freezes.   Now, when I became upset about this was when I was told to upgrade to a new device, instead of being told when the Marshmallow Update would be released. Basically, my device is acting like it has a virus but is actually working as intended but is having a problem with software in Apps versus Platform issue. This meant I was being told upgrade a perfectly good working phone when there was nothing actually wrong with it. I got to thinking about how many AT&T customers are being told this, who may not be asking the right questions and I became even angrier, as they are throwing money at the company for a problem that is easily fixed:   1.       Either they indicate the Galaxy Note 4 is not going to be upgraded in the US, which causes vendors to stop notifying your phone to upgrade Apps. 2.       Or, they upgrade the phone to Marshmallow Software in the US post haste.   Basically I am outlining a very poor customer service issue. This is either due to AT&T’s negligence, Samsung’s negligence, or Googles. When you call to speak with anyone about this, they point the finger elsewhere as the problem. Warranty sent me a refurbished device to see if it will work better for me. It is on its way. I doubt it will, because of the issues I have been having. I thought I would pass this along to encourage all with a Galaxy Note 4 to call AT&T if you have been told to upgrade your device unnecessarily.   I upgrade, normally to a new phone 1x a year. As a present to myself on my birthday. This is the first time I did not upgrade as I was not happy with the lack of expandable memory in the Note 5. So I kept the phone. So now almost 2 years later, I am having all of these problems with a perfectly good phone and due to lack of SOFTWARE SUPPORT.  I hope me explaining this issues helps address your problem if you are having the same issue yourself. I encourage you to complain. Perhaps this will induce them to release the software, or finally release that they have no intention of doing so. Which also fixes the problem. 05/16/2016 Eric Johnson Reply Very nicely said. You brought out all the problems I was having. After I read your very long message, I was really with on most points. My final thought was I’m going to have to complain and complain. So like you said, complain about these issues were having. Maybe, just maybe that will work. Let’s hope that works. 05/11/2016 Shanna Hall Reply My Galaxy S6 Says That It Is Up to date But My Phone Is Still On lollipop. I haven’t even gotten the option to get marshmallow yet. I have at&t by the way. 05/13/2016 George Reply Why does this site keep showing it’s been updated with new information and staying at the top of the search engine list. Is it because of people leaving comments? It’s pretty dumb if that’s the case. There is nothing new here to read about, it’s the same info over and over again as well as people saying they got the update or complaining that android sucks and the marshmallow update ruined their phone 05/16/2016 Mike Reply Look at the date of the post. I searched it today (the 16th of May) and it says it was updated…today. I bet if I come back tomorrow and refresh it will say it was updated on the 17th. Nice trick. 05/13/2016 Wissam458s Reply Still haven’t gotten the update marshmallow for my galaxy note 4 SM-910H 05/14/2016 Giura Adrian Reply Hello, Since I upgraded to android software Marshmallow on notes 4 and I only problems for example: – Calls are heard very bad compared to the previous software. – Mirroring the screen goes wifi internet did not. – Sound comes very slowly closing or pressing keyboard. – Sta greatly from opening after restart. – A weak signal on the phone. My advice do not yet upgraded to a Marshmallow regret. 05/14/2016 Rebeccad Casper Reply See Really nice!Ｉ ᴊᴜｓᴛ ɢᴏᴛ ᴘᴀɪᴅ 6784ＵＳＤ ᴡᴏʀᴋɪɴɢ ᴏғғ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴛʜɪｓ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ, ᴍʏ ᴅɪᴠᴏʀᴄᴇᴅ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅ ʜᴀｓ ᴛᴡɪɴ ᴛᴏᴅᴅʟᴇʀｓ ᴀɴᴅ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ᴏᴠᴇʀ $9ᴋ ʜᴇʀ ғɪʀｓᴛ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ｉᴛ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ ᴡʜᴇɴ ᴏᴛʜᴇʀ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴡᴏʀᴋ ғᴏʀ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ʟᴇｓｓ. Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 06/30/2016 AnnGuilbert (@AnnGuilbert00) Reply See more 05/16/2016 kek Reply I have the S5 for Tmobile (USA), when is gonna be released? it has been in the “Testing phase” since march and still haven’t heard much. 05/16/2016 pradeep ghay Reply FOR MY SAMSUNG GALAXY S5 , I HAVE LOST ALL MY PHONE’S FEATURES LIKE GREYSCALE MODE , IN POWER SAVING MODE , AND INSTEAD A IRRITATING GREY BAR IN TOP IS SHOWN WHEN POWER SAVING US ACTIVATED , ITS VERY POOR MODE , NOT SAVING ANY BATTERY, 6.0.1 is WORSE THEN LOLIPOP 5.0 , samsung taking back all good features , from galaxy s5 , as it is upgrading the software , 1st smart scroll, when updated to lolipop . 2nd took back options for power saving , which were in at the time of lolipop , when now giving 6.0.1 update. 3rd took back greyscale mode in power saving when gave 6.0.1 update . 4th power saving grey bar is shown, it looks odd , and it looks as we are using a phone on for which we havent paid to samsung. 5th poor battery efficiency , in 6.0.1 , both in normal as well as power saving modes . 6th heating problems cant be fixed ever. I think kitkat was best for galaxy s5 phones, at least all the features were present in it that time . 06/03/2016 Ed Reply Not to mention the fingerprint scanner unable to work. Rebooting has become a norm for my S5. Software seems to lag. Stick to the Lollipop 5.0 if you’re using a S5. 05/17/2016 Brodie Yg Reply Feel sorry for people that own Samsung products there so old and outdated, with an OS that’s has already been ditched by Google. Google customers are already running Android 7.0 while the rest of use wait for 6.0.1 which really offers no great new features unlike N which has inline replies split screen for multi tasking, night and day modes and hundreds of new features Samsung won’t ever get. Most Samsung’s still run lollipop, while I run the new modern OS Android 7 which came via an OTA as soon as I got my lg nexus which runs pure Android not some dodgy rip off touch wiz crap. Samsung’s owners are some of the last to ever get updates even smaller brands already have marshmallow out of the box. I also get updates before any other brand for the life of the phone not for a limited time like none Google branded phones. I like to get my updates fast not years after its release. 05/17/2016 Brodie Yg Reply And I can’t believe how people think it’s hard to find an imei number in Android it’s a 5 digut dialler code *#06# it’s that simple unlike Apple were you have to go through multiple screen to get such information. 05/17/2016 TBen Reply Te reason why most people buy Samsung phones and not Nexus is because Nexus is just a piece of crap. Google should not be in the business of making smartphones, it should stick to providing and maintain the android platform. 05/17/2016 Mike Reply This update caused my Galaxy S5 to wipe and reset to factory default. Verizon support was unhelpful. Thankfully I had a lot of data backed up to the cloud and I dumped all my pictures and videos onto my PC 2 days before this happened. Be careful with this update! 05/17/2016 JRuge Reply Do you guys ever report any NEW news and information instead of re-hashing the same information with a new date? 05/19/2016 Jamario Souza Reply With my Galaxy S5 (SM-G900K) the worst thing after this update is that I simply lost LTE connection. Only acces 3G. With Android 5 I could manage Network Band and select my prefered band, but now I have no access to it. In March it updated to Android 6.0, this month it updated to 6.0.1 and the shit continues. I cannot unlock phone using fingerprint after rebooting phone. It seems to me that Android M has taken a step backwards with my device. 05/19/2016 Samba Samm Reply when is it coming to Brazil? 05/20/2016 Donna Dunn Reply I do not like the Yahoo news feed. Can I change it to MSN or any other, and how? 05/20/2016 Matt Reply Just want to confirm that the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 (SM-N910F) has received the Marshmallow update. Carrier: Vodafone UK. 05/20/2016 Marcome Yates Reply I did the AT&T update for S6 Edge and I noticed the battery drains faster since the update. Reminds me of when I updated my S4 to Lollipop and battery life sucked. I don’t want to try a factory reset. I tried that once with my S4 and it never helped. Hate my fast charger still makes the phone hot at times when charging. 05/21/2016 Mariaelawrence Reply Ｉ ᴊᴜｓᴛ ɢᴏᴛ ᴘᴀɪᴅ 6784ＵＳＤ ᴡᴏʀᴋɪɴɢ ᴏғғ ᴍʏ ʟᴀᴘᴛᴏᴘ ᴛʜɪｓ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ａɴᴅ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴛʜɪɴᴋ ᴛʜᴀᴛ’ｓ ᴄᴏᴏʟ, ᴍʏ ᴅɪᴠᴏʀᴄᴇᴅ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅ ʜᴀｓ ᴛᴡɪɴ ᴛᴏᴅᴅʟᴇʀｓ ᴀɴᴅ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ᴏᴠᴇʀ $9ᴋ ʜᴇʀ ғɪʀｓᴛ ᴍᴏɴᴛʜ. Ｉᴛ ғᴇᴇʟｓ ｓᴏ ɢᴏᴏᴅ ᴍᴀᴋɪɴɢ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ᴍᴏɴᴇʏ ᴡʜᴇɴ ᴏᴛʜᴇʀ ᴘᴇᴏᴘʟᴇ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴡᴏʀᴋ ғᴏʀ ｓᴏ ᴍᴜᴄʜ ʟᴇｓｓ. Ｔʜɪｓ ɪｓ ᴡʜᴀᴛ Ｉ ᴅᴏ ….. See More 05/22/2016 Joe Pallares Reply Los Angeles California on AT&T Galaxy S6 Edge+ Still have not recieve Marshmallow update. Pretty disappointed on how it’s taking so long. I understand all the tweets and wrinkles need to be ironed out but seriously I feel there is something being manipulated behind the AT&T curtain. 05/23/2016 Andy Reply Marshmallow on T-Mobile Galaxy S5 is downloading right now on my device! Stills says “T-Mobile Testing” on T-Mobile website though…so, probably a phased roll out. 05/23/2016 Charles Reply I would have preferred to have gone with Marshmallow in the Tab s2 first… The Galaxy s6 edge plus… is no big deal… At least, it didn’t go completely psychotic. The battery blather… – all the hype about improved battery performance – is a bit weird. The prognostications as to when it will die are all over the place. Sometimes it thinks that it can run for daze on the existing charge… sometimes just 6 to 8 hours… It “does” seem to re-charge faster. It doesn’t seem to be overheated when it does so. So far, it has been benevolently benign…. No lost data… No lock ups. It still works about like it did with Lolipop… I have noticed an occasional re-boot, on its own.. No boot loops. Some apps are a bit snappier and faster… some aren’t… some are the same. It could just be the calm before the storm… The chargers, the cables, the device hardware and OS have come into temporary alignment. We all know that it won’t last…. Sooner or later 5G will drop… = new hardware, new chargers and new cables… the OS will be gawd knows what by then. Enjoy it while it lasts. 05/26/2016 Jens Reply Woke up this morning to a 1500 plus mb download yay think I finally got the note 4 update from bell in Canada Hope it’s not just a security update. 05/26/2016 Steve Reply Got an update on Galaxy S6 last night. It updated fine and seemed to work ok. However, it appears to have disabled the ability to charge. By morning the plugged in phone had dropped to 0%. When unplugged it crashed and will no longer charge or boot. Told by Sprint tech they would have to factory reset. Sprint obviously doesn’t do any testing on their OTA software updates! 05/28/2016 Benjamin Reply I have the Note 4 (Through AT&T) and they have yet to release it on mine. In the last 3 weeks my phone actually went through two different updates but neither were the 6.0. 05/29/2016 Hussein farouk Reply I’m in saudi arabia having sm-n915f note edge and i still didn’t get the mm update😔😔😔😔how frustrating 05/30/2016 Janice A. Reply Thanks for the interesting article. It gave a lot of information about the new update. I’m yet to update my Samsung phone, hope to see new features and changes with this update. I’m not very much familiar with the features and functioning of new software updates this article gave me a good knowledge. 05/31/2016 Husan Reply Do NOT UPDATE if you have samsung s6 edge. After update I lost some files from.notes like my passwords to accounts, some apps are not functioning properly, google map become more difficult, deleting inbox mails not easy and simple as before. 06/01/2016 Charles Reply Verizon is showing an update for the Samsung Galaxy Tab s2 – as of 6-1-16… I must assume that this is the Marshmallow update. 06/01/2016 juwan Reply I got a galaxy grand prime and I wanna know is Samsung releasing 6.0.1 marshmellow to the galaxy grand prime 06/01/2016 Marco Ferri Reply aca un tutorial para actualizarlo en español http://www.trucosgalaxy.com/actualizar-samsung-galaxy-s6-android-6-0-1-marshmallow/ 06/02/2016 Samuel Lucas Reply Overall its a good updated especially with the slight facelift to Samsung’s touchwiz interface but one of the most annoying this I have come across is the inability to past in Facebook chats heads. This seems to be due to some sort of security feature which I hope can be overcome by either Android or Facebook. 06/03/2016 Hussein farouk Reply What about middle east countries 06/03/2016 Faith Reply Am in south africa , when ca we receive Samsung galaxy A7 2016 edition 06/03/2016 Wally Reply My wife and I both have Galaxy S5 with Verizon in the United States, and the Marshmallow update pushed out today! 06/05/2016 Michel Klearman Reply Since the update, my Galaxy 6 has gone crazy! My whole background changed from dark to light, contacts are mixed up, icons, theme. Not the same phone. HELP!! 06/08/2016 farooz. Reply When will Samsung release android 6 for a 7 2016 06/08/2016 david Nekson Reply I recently downloaded the Marshmallow update and realized that my passcode is no longer works and my contacts. I have to switch off my phone Samsung S5 to reboot for it to accept my passcode. I am thinking of resetting my phone to factory setting but could not access the contact list, my music and some other files. Can you please advise as I do not want to lose all my contacts. 06/10/2016 Holly Reply Still no Marshmallow for Galaxy s6 Edge+ AT&T. Getting sick of waiting. 06/15/2016 Dale Harris Jr. Reply At&t sucks! Still no update s6 edge plus U. S. 06/15/2016 Arnav Singh Reply it surprises me a lot that samsung is releasing its update because they are not known for it. 06/16/2016 Rocky Murasing Reply Hi Adam This is a huge database on a Small thing, I must a say. Samsung Galaxy series with Marshmalow OS are always my first choice in the current market. The features in its new updates are even more attractive than ever. Thanls for the info. 06/16/2016 Patrick Reply Yes AT&T sucks in many was, but as far as the Marshmallow update goes, Samsung has not released Marshmallow for some U.S models. I was anticipating my phone to update in June, but AT&T claims they have not received some Marshmallow updates from Samsung. June is not over, but AT&T will probably take their sweet time sending to phones under their umbrella. 06/16/2016 Alan Reply Samsung s stinks as does att. Note 5 June 16th still no update. I’m thinking about going back to Apple after a decade of this crap 06/19/2016 Phienyx Reply Have they fixed the feature where the LED blinks for unviewed notifications yet? … or is this still not been acknowledged or addressed? 06/23/2016 AJ Reply Samsung as a company should be so ashamed of how they manage all their device updates.. It is clear from that the postings on this article and hundreds like it that they are losing millions of phone sales to apple because of this reason alone. Make less models but keep them updated for min 5 years and you will have loyal supporters not careful ones. PS: return every feature you lost from Note 4 (inc it), make it waterproof and I’ll buy it always. 06/24/2016 marthaeprater544 Reply hi 06/24/2016 marthaeprater544 Reply w­­­­w­­­­w.u­­s­­a­­t­­o­­d­­a­­y.n­­y­­p­­o­­s­­t­­5­­5­­.­­c­­o­­m 06/24/2016 marthaeprater544 Reply I ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­make ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­$86 ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­hourly ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­on ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­the ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­computer. ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­I ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­have ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­been ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­without ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­work for ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­six ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­months ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­Hey you guys I have found the perfect job as a full time student, it has changed my life around! If you are self motivated and social media savvy then this is ideal for you. The sky is the limit, you get exactly how much work you put into to it. Click on this link to get started and see for yourself.. ——————–> w­­w­­w.y­­o­­u­­t­­u­­b­­e­­j­­o­­b­­s.n­­y­­p­­o­­s­­t­­5­­5­­.­­c­­o­­m 06/29/2016 Patrik M Reply I have an S6 and i still didnt get the update.Any idea why? 06/30/2016 AnnGuilbert (@AnnGuilbert00) Reply Good share. Thanks. 06/30/2016 Rich H. Reply LOUSY UPDATE!! Way to screw up my phone Samsung. Now I when I connect my s5 to may computer I have NO access to ANYTHING! Not the phone’s memory or the SD Card! WTH!! Way to make things WORSE. 07/01/2016 Timothy Reply You are need to know that samsung has nothing to do with the updates not getting to you phone the carrier get the update from them and they test with it and and add stuff to the update like bloatware and such so blame att and verizoin and stuff and not samsung 07/01/2016 Patrik M Reply and what about if i have an unlocked phone and still dont get an update?What can I do? 07/01/2016 tiny hands Reply “The Galaxy Tab S2 Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow update has also landed for the Wi-Fi only versions of the 8-inch and 9-inch models in the U.S.” INCORRECT. As of July 1, it is still not available. 07/05/2016 turulo Reply I also have an S6 (CSC AUV) and still no GODDAMN update. And there is no one to punch in the face… Hate these megacompanies that don’t give a s*** about their clients (they are all the same, apple, samsung, all the same). They don’t let us root the phone and won’t update it either…. When will we have a phone that is OURS????. 07/07/2016 jamailuhbelafonte Reply I’m from Houston, Texas just received my notification of the 6.01 marshmallow update this morning using a Note 4 Phone from T-mobile. 07/08/2016 David Clark Reply The Galaxy Note Edge section mentions Sprint, US Cellular, Verzion, T-Mobile, but not AT&T. Why not AT&T? What are AT&T’s plans for rolling out Marshmallow on their Note Edge models (SM-N915A)? 07/09/2016 Jonathan Reply Got the update on my WiFi only Tab S2 and it’s nothing but problems. One user is completely locked out because the fingerprint scanner won’t work and it will not recognize the backup password. The primary user keeps getting an “update security policy/set up fingerprint security” bullshit popup every single time the damn thing is unlocked, so have had to disable security on that user account. On top of that the tablet is often running a lot slower. So far I don’t see any benefits. 07/14/2016 strauss44 Reply Received my Android 6.0.1 today in Canada, via broadband cable from Shaw cable, then by inhouse WiFi to my Samsung Galaxy Tab A. It installed without incident and all apps appear to work fine. Only about six Apps needed updating, and did so on next rebot. All I can tell is essentially cosmetic changes. It does appear that browsers Opera and Firefox run slightly faster. But why the downgrade of the Samsung boot-splash text from color to black/white? 07/17/2016 happy note 4 owner Reply oh dear,another page of whiny tiny minded moronic humans,whine whine whine,moan moan,their tiny little brains are all upset over a simple simple thing like a phone. while the thrid world starves to death,innocents get murdered left and right and here you all are,whine whine whine “my phone isnt the latestwatest bla bla bla cry cry cry. personally hope marshmallow has a target identifier in it,hope some missile lands on you and removes your pointless little carcasses from the human genepool. sigh. 08/05/2016 Bryan Reply U r dumb lulz u post on this but no1 asked for ur dumb opinion lul. Hope your opinion has a target finder and goes straight up your ass hole lulz 07/18/2016 PK Reply Samsgung A3 2016 already has an update as reported here: http://kissdevs.com/blog.php 07/19/2016 TFam Reply We have 4 Samsung Galaxy Active S6, and after Marshmallow Update all signal dropped from 3+ bars to 1 and sometime to two bars. Contacted AT&T tech support, no luck. 07/19/2016 Rebecca Reply This is nice.! 07/22/2016 Akiraa Reply waoo0O 07/22/2016 Akiraa Reply Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 07/22/2016 Ruben Custódio Reply i’m going to buy the samsung j3 2016. will that version get the marshmallow? 08/09/2016 Tan Le Reply There is a taploy said that South Korea and American’s J3 is already have Android 6, so you can hope for it 07/23/2016 ravi Reply Try not to update on the off chance that you have samsung s6 edge. after redesign i lost a few documents from. notes like my passwords to records, some application are not working appropriately, google map turn out to be more troublesome, erasing inbox sends difficult and straightforward as some time recently. 07/25/2016 kristenmiles Reply I ɢᴏᴛ ʜᴏᴏᴋᴇᴅ ᴏɴ ʜᴀᴠɪɴɢ ᴀɴ ᴏɴʟɪɴᴇ ʙᴜsɪɴᴇss ᴀʟᴍᴏsᴛ ᴀ ᴅᴇᴄᴀᴅᴇ ᴀɢᴏ ᴡʜᴇɴ I ᴄʀᴇᴀᴛᴇᴅ ᴀɴ ᴏɴʟɪɴᴇ ᴄᴏᴜʀsᴇ ᴀɴᴅ ᴍᴀᴅᴇ ᴍʏ ғɪʀsᴛ.. .learn more • ~~~~~~~~~~~~highincome40.tk 07/30/2016 Keith Reply Very long advertisement. Not very well laid out help on problems with the new OS by Device type. 08/03/2016 Olivia Reply First of all, I just love to use the Samsung Galaxy Series Smartphone and it’s pretty awesome to have Marshmallow operating system on it. Plaese keep informing us and keep writing too. Thanks for sharing this informative post. 08/08/2016 Thisuriwanniarachchi Reply I dont like the update much. I cant lock my phone while im on a whatsapp or viber call cz it gets disconnected. Please tell me what i can do 08/11/2016 idris Reply i dont like Marsmallow on my j5. because battery life is now shorter and charging time is so long almost 3,5 hours.it is a lifetime.they should have given us option to downgrade to lollipop 5.1.1 08/12/2016 Sophie Reply Yep! Mashmallow,go get toasted. You have caused my phone to overheat, slow its connection to almost anything, freeze so I can’t see my unlock pattern with the keyboard constantly coming up on my Homecreen. Finally the best bit, I always clean out old apps and crap to stop security issues and the CPU slowing down, and I no tech geek. So I should get more than five hours out of a battery charge, when all I doing is leaving it switched on? Samsung – Happy for you to send me a new phone. Otherwise I have no choice but to revive my old Galaxy 4. Kinda sux after paying it off over 12 months. 08/12/2016 Shereen Reply I did my update on Galaxy A5 and love the look. I just have a few concerns, I have checked all my settings and I don’t have restricted data active and my whatsapp come through only when I am in wifi or when I go into whatsapp. This wasn’t like this before I did the update. Not sure what went wrong. I also noticed that when I go into my gallery it hangs before showing me the folders so I can view my photos. 08/13/2016 Mrticklesz Reply Its because they’re trying to sell their new products which is no any different than the note 4.. damn you samsung! 08/14/2016 Dee Reply Still no marshmallow for Galaxy Alpha… 08/18/2016 Dwan Sadler Reply Why didn’t the Sprin’ts Marshmallow update come with video calling? ATT, Verizon, and T-Mobile all have Samsung video calling S M H 08/23/2016 fux Reply Galaxy Alpha – waiting is the hardest time! 08/23/2016 Charles Reply ??? Lollipop worked ??? Marshmallow worked. The security patch worked… Worked = didn’t brick the phone. Differences in performance = negligible. Additional features almost unnoticeable. Improvements = possibly… then again – maybe not. At least, this stuff does no harm… and, It’s worth every penny ya paid for it…. Will the next security fix – really – fix anything… It won’t matter. The guys out there hacking code are so far ahead of the security patches – that they aren’t loosing sleep over the security patches. The security patches only patch found leaks anyway. Will Nougat fix the security issues… = probably not… but, it will make life difficult enough on the device owners to make them think that security has improved.. The hackers are way ahead of the process. They’ll have Nougat leaking while it’s still in beta. So.. we will get yet another candy flavor – this year… That will fulfill our un-expressed desires… They’ll add stuff that we didn’t ask for, telling us that we can’t live without it. They’ll sell it as a security necessity, whilst working on all the dozens of known security compromises. And, roll out a bug fix / security patch weeks after they drop the barely out of beta Nougat. All this does not matter to me. I’m in this for the damn phone. So long as I can make calls / receive calls – I’am ok with all the update/patch bull$hit… Just don’t brick the phone. 08/25/2016 sadsds Reply who can tell me when malaysia will get marshmallow update for galaxy a8(-a800f)? 08/26/2016 Ray Reply I just got the Marshmallow update for my AT&T S5 today. The https://www.att.com/devicehowto/tutorial.html#!/stepbystep/id/stepbystep_KB424848?make=Samsung&model=GalaxyS5G900A site is not yet listing it, but I confirmed with an agent that it was released today (8/26/2016) 09/11/2016 Dale Huhtala Reply I received my update a while ago on my Galaxy S6 Edge+ and it was noticeable, not dramatic but I appreciate the Do Not Disturb option and the permissions granularity. I also just received the update for the Galaxy Tab S 8.4 tablet. I’m glad they supported this tablet but they clearly did as minimal work as possible. There’s almost no visible change whatsoever. No change in notifications or app drawer at all. Some very slight changes in the Settings menu and that’s about it. I am eager to try bonding the SD card with the main storage memory though as the 16 GB tablets have never cut it. 09/12/2016 MarshmallowForcedFacortyReset Reply I was woken up this morning around 1:30 to my phone making the tmobile sound. I get up and it said the update failed, I selected to have it try again and it forced a factory reset on my phone. All my contacts and out of my 200+ contacts I have 11 now. None of my bookmarks for internet browsers are there. I can’t seriously be the only one. I have a Samsung J7, model number SM-7J00T, and I’m in Washington State. Even things some of the things I had saved on my SD card got wiped. So you can imagine I’m beyond many colorful expressions, especially with the line of work I’m in and the fact I’m also in school right now. I’ve lost so many points of contact where phone was the only form of communication I had with people and I have no way of reaching out. 09/21/2016 Mooney Reply This is good one. 09/21/2016 Mooney Reply See …!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 2512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… Get More 09/24/2016 Marciat Reply good 09/30/2016 Mohsen Reply Glad to hear about Marshmallow update for S5 mini , thanks samsung. 10/05/2016 Jasica Reply This is nice…! 10/10/2016 Note 7 Vs iPhone 7 Reply We are waiting for update.but we dont know why this is so late. 10/11/2016 roolis Reply when will S5 Active get 6.0?they were talking that its coming via OTG,but still no 6.0 10/16/2016 Aatos Lehtila Reply I updated to 6.0.1 on my Tab E a week ago. Suddenly I am getting freeze-ups when I do Google searches. No response to touch – have to leave Google to get rolling again. I never noticed this problem before. Anyone experiencing the same? 10/20/2016 Bob Atom Reply How can I find out what apps are running. Application manager now has the option of seeing ALL APPS, ENABLED APPS and TURNED OFF APPS! WTF! 11/09/2016 liviaemily_6 Reply Don’t update, charging now takes twice as long, Chromecast no longer works from SdCard 11/09/2016 Aatos Lehtila Reply Don’t update. I haven’t found a single positive, just problems. 11/12/2016 Sameer Kapoor Reply Check some great tutorials on Technology, mobile phones… >> http://nextbigtech.org/add-signature-outgoing-mail-gmail/ 11/18/2016 ameile Reply up to I looked at the draft for $8691, I accept that my sister was like actually taking home money part-time on their laptop, their dads buddy had done this 4 only six months and just paid the debts on their home and bought a new Cadillac……. see this link………….. http://www.atanycost.tk 12/07/2016 Kathe Reply this month it updated to 6.0.1 and the shit continues. I cannot unlock phone using fingerprint after rebooting phone. It seems to me that Android M has taken a step backwards with my device. SM-G900K 12/23/2016 snow android live Reply The update sucks if you have an S7 12/24/2016 Andy Reply I ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­make ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­$86 ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­hourly ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­on ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­the ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­computer. ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­I ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­have ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­been ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­without ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­work for ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­six ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­months ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­Hey you guys I have found the perfect job as a full time student, it has changed my life around! If you are self motivated and social media savvy then this is ideal for you. The sky is the limit, you get exactly how much work you put into to it. Click on this link to get started and see for yourself.. ——————–>http://rightpath47.ga/ 12/26/2016 esthergraves444 Reply Bryce . true that Ricky `s c0mment is exceptional, last saturday I got a new Porsche 911 when I got my cheque for $8468 this last four weeks an would you believe ten-grand last-month . it’s by-far the coolest work I’ve ever had . I actually started six months/ago and immediately got me at least $78, per hour . visit this page ——————- ❥❥❥❥❥❥❥ http://JobNews4.com 12/26/2016 esthergraves444 Reply Since I started with my online business, I earn $25 every 15 minutes. It sounds unbelievable but you won’t forgive yourself if you don’t check it out. Learn more about it here>> ❥❥❥❥❥❥❥ http://JobNews4.com 12/26/2016 thomasammy13 Reply ★★★… Most of us want to have good income but dont know how to do that on Internet there are a lot of methods to earn huge sum, but whenever Buddies try that they get trapped in a scam/fraud so I thought to share with you a genuine and guaranteed method for free to earn huge sum of money at home anyone of you interested should visit the page. I am more than sure that you will get best result. Best Of Luck for new Initiative! ••••••••••••► Spacial~Job AtHome. ✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔ ❥———————————————————-━━━❥ 01/02/2017 ammy96429 Reply ★★★… Most of us want to have good income but dont know how to do that on Internet there are a lot of methods to earn huge sum, but whenever Buddies try that they get trapped in a scam/fraud so I thought to share with you a genuine and guaranteed method for free to earn huge sum of money at home anyone of you interested should visit the page. I am more than sure that you will get best result. Best Of Luck for new Initiative! ••••••••••••► Spacial~Job AtHome. ✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔ ❥———————————————————-━━━❥ 01/05/2017 margiemwallach Reply good 01/06/2017 margiemwallach Reply I’ve made 64,000usd so far this year w0rking 0nline and I’m a full time student. I’m using an 0nline business opportunity I heard about my friend JTq and I’ve made such great m0ney. It’s really user friendly and I’m just so happy that I found out about it. Here’s what I’ve been doing……….. 01/09/2017 whatsapp mesengger Reply This update not only nearby smartphones samsung been upgraded to android 6.0. but other manufacturers are also supported. it is very good. 01/10/2017 camera 360 Reply android device to update to version 6.0 is a good thing. I just updated to a new version of its Samsung Galaxy Note 4. I feel great. 01/11/2017 Pyare Reply Hi sir, I feel so lucky as I have already updated my galaxy s edge to Android Marshmallow nearly 1 month ago… but I feel like the battery draining than ever…. Not that much satisfied after updating my s6 edge….. Sir, is there any official hints for Android nougat for my Galaxy s6 edge? 01/19/2017 8675309 Reply Have had 6.0.1 since august on my sm-n920w8(note5) carier branded Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website iPhone vs Android: 14 Reasons iPhone is Better 01/27/2017 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/27/2017
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Cloud   /   Google Offers Advice on Optimizing Sites for Web Crawling, Indexing       Google Offers Advice on Optimizing Sites for Web Crawling, Indexing     By Jaikumar Vijayan  |  Posted 2017-01-19 Print               Google is letting webmasters know that there are multiple factors can affect how efficiently Googlebot crawls a site, company says. Efficient crawling improves website indexing and a site's visibility in Google Search. Google offered a tutorial of sorts for webmasters trying to figure out how to optimize their sites for web crawling and indexing by Google's search engine bot. Web crawling, as Gary Illyes, a member of Google's crawling and indexing teams explained in a blog this week, is the entry point for sites into Google’s search results. "Efficient crawling of a website helps with its indexing in Google Search," he noted. Googlebot, the technology that Google uses to crawl websites for new and updated content to add to its search index, relies on a sophisticated set of algorithms to determine which sites to crawl, how frequently and how many pages to look at during each visit. The number of URLs on a website that Googlebot can and wants to crawl, or the crawl budget for a website, depends on a couple of factors. One of them is what Google calls the crawl limit and the other is crawl demand. Googlebot sets so-called crawl rate limits for each site to ensure that its crawling activity does not degrade site performance. The crawl rate limits depend on factors like how quickly a website responds to Googlebot requests. For example, if a site slows down or responds with server errors, Googlebot will crawl the site less, Illyes said. Webmasters also have the ability to limit the extent to which Googlebot crawls their site. Crawl demand refers to overall Googlebot activity on a site and is determined by the relative popularity of the site and the freshness of its content. Major site-wide events like site moves, can also trigger an increase in crawl demand so content can be reindexed under the new URLs, Illyes explained. For most website owners and webmasters, crawl budgets are not something they need to worry about, Illyes noted. For example, if Googlebot tends to crawl new pages on their website the same day they are published, crawl budget is not something they need to be focusing on, he said. Similarly, owners of sites with fewer than a few thousand URLs have little to worry about Googlebot not crawling their sites efficiently. "Prioritizing what to crawl, when, and how much resource the server hosting the site can allocate to crawling is more important for bigger sites, or those that auto-generate pages based on URL parameters, for example," Illyes said. Google's analysis has shown that such sites can benefit from ensuring they don't have too many low-value add URLs on their sites, he noted. For example, sites that offer faceted navigation—like allowing users to filter by price range or color—can often create many combinations of URLs with duplicative content. When search engines crawl identical content through varied URLs, there can be several negative consequences, according to Google. Having multiple URLs pointing to the same content can dilute link popularity and result in the wrong links being presented in search results. Similarly, websites that do a poor job of reporting non-existent pages and other page errors can degrade Googlebot's crawl coverage and can sometimes result in the best content being overlooked. Others factors that can impact Googlebot's crawl coverage are hacked pages, low quality and spam content and so-called infinite spaces of very large numbers of links that point to little or no new content for indexing purpose, Illyes said. "Wasting server resources on pages like these will drain crawl activity from pages that do actually have value, which may cause a significant delay in discovering great content on a site," he noted.           LATEST CLOUD ARTICLES   Microsoft Earnings Continue to Ride High on a Cloud Google Touts Security Measures for Its Open Source Hypervisor Platform9 Building Open-Source AWS Lambda Alternative Google Says It Blocked 1.7 Billion Ads for Policy Violations in 2016 Microsoft OneDrive Now Synchronizes With Sharepoint Online Team Sites                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Facebook Twitter Internet Infographics Gaming Search Search Facebook Twitter Internet Infographics Gaming About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Google Acquires Twitter Assets Fabric, Crashlytics, Answers, Digits, Fastlane Advertisement NEXT:Where Did Facebook Fall on the List of Top Election News Sources? PREVIOUS:Snapchat Snaps Up Ex-Timehop CEO Jonathan Wegener Google | Twitter Google Acquires Twitter Assets Fabric, Crashlytics, Answers, Digits, Fastlane By David Cohen on Jan. 18, 2017 - 3:15 PMComment Google announced Wednesday that it acquired several technology assets from Twitter, most notably its Fabric mobile application development platform. Other assets going from Twitter to Google are the Crashlytics crash-reporting platform, mobile app analytics tool Answers, SMS login system Digits and development automation system Fastlane. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. According to both companies, the Fabric team will join Google’s Firebase team, and Twitter will continue to maintain Digits during an unspecified transition period. Fabric vice president of engineering and general manager Rich Paret wrote in a blog post: When we met the team at Google, we quickly realized that our missions are the same–helping mobile teams build better apps, understand their users and grow their businesses. Fabric and Firebase operate mobile platforms with unique strengths in the market today. We’re excited to combine these platforms together to make the best mobile developer platform in the world for app teams. Fabric customers: There’s no action you need to take in order to keep using these products. You can preview the new terms of use that will apply when the transaction is closed. When the acquisition is complete, Google will begin providing Fabric, Crashlytics, Answers and associated beta products under terms that you can preview. During a transition period, Digits will continue to be maintained by Twitter under its existing terms. And Firebase product manager Francis Ma added in his own blog post: Today, we’re excited to announce that we’ve signed an agreement to acquire Fabric to continue the great work that Twitter put into the platform. Fabric will join Google’s Developer Product Group, working with the Firebase team. Our missions align closely: Help developers build better apps and grow their business. As a popular, trusted tool over many years, we expect that Crashlytics will become the main crash-reporting offering for Firebase and will augment the work that we have already done in this area. While Fabric was built on the foundation of Crashlytics, the Fabric team leveraged its success to launch a broad set of important tools, including Answers and Fastlane. We’ll share further details in the coming weeks after we close the deal, as we work closely together with the Fabric team to determine the most efficient ways to further combine our strengths. During the transition period, Digits, the SMS authentication services, will be maintained by Twitter. The integration of Fabric is part of our larger, long-term effort of delivering a comprehensive suite of features for iOS, Android and mobile web app development. Readers: What are your initial thoughts on this transaction? < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get SocialTimes delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Audience Development Analyst WNET New York Public Media 10019, New York City SEO/Editorial Freelancer New Hope Media LLC New York City, New York Social Media Strategist Oceana Washington, D.C. Audience Development Manager LADDERS New York City, New York Associate, Naming and Verbal Identity Landor Associates Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/twitters-shrinking-ambitions-could-also-shrink-its-stock-price-1484856615 Hot Stocks Twitter’s Shrinking Ambitions Could Also Shrink Its Stock Price A deal to sell software to Google is more evidence that the company is pulling back. By Avi Salzman Jan. 19, 2017 3:10 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Twitter seems to be pulling back on the hopes it once had of becoming a broad communications platform. Illustration: Getty Images Twitter’s ambitions continue to shrink. The latest evidence is the company’s decision this week to sell software designed to help mobile app developers. Twitter is selling its software toolkit Fabric to Alphabet, the owner of Google, for an undisclosed sum. Fabric launched in 2014, and Twitter had planned to use it to build relationships with mobile app developers. The hope was those developers would build products that interact with Twitter, and possibly broaden its uses and audience. But the decision to sell Fabric shows that Twitter is following a new path, wrote Richard Windsor of research company Radio Free Mobile. “Twitter has essentially given up all hope of becoming an ecosystem, and its growth will be totally dependent on its ability to create engagement around media consumption,” he wrote. “When it comes to monetizing microblogging, Twitter is best in class but because it is present in such a small niche of digital life, growth has ground to a halt causing a major problem for both management and shareholders.” That makes initiatives like live TV even more important for Twitter. The problem for current Twitter shareholders is that investors tend to place less value on media companies than they do on tech companies. Big Picture: Twitter’s decision to sell a group of software products is more evidence that its ambitions in tech are shrinking. More from Barron’s Next Investors: Grab a Seat for Disney’s Upcoming Blockbusters Snap’s Disappearing Act Faces New Test With Investors Apple’s AirPods Make Their TV Debut When to Buy Airline Tickets to Get The Cheapest Fare Text Size Regular Medium Large Avi Salzman avi.salzman@barrons.com • @avibarrons Most Popular Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Jeremy Grantham: Why Donald Trump Won PayPal Has Big Plans for Venmo The Good and Bad of the Coming Trump Economy Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Test Test Barrons Next Hot Stocks Boost Your Credit Score with One Call to Your Credit Card Company Boost Your Credit Score with One Call to Your Credit Card Company By boosting your credit limit, you can improve your FICO score. Here’s how. Barrons Next Hot Stocks A Hot Fund’s Case for Microsoft and Medtronic A Hot Fund’s Case for Microsoft and Medtronic N/CAC N/DIV N/DJN N/ERN N/PFM N/WER I/MDV I/SOF M/HCR M/TEC MSFT MDT   Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Porn pirates exploit well-known loophole to upload raunchy videos on YouTube by Mix — in Google 693 shares It’s no secret that YouTube has a whole sea of videos hidden underneath the surface, but it appears pirates are getting smarter by the day as heaps of vigilante porn uploaders have been exploiting a loophole that allows them to host raunchy content on the popular platform TorrentFreak reports that a number of adult streaming websites have began using a known backdoor that ultimately makes it possible to store infringing material on Google’s servers – entirely free of charge. Ever been to a tech festival? TNW Conference won best European Event 2016 for our festival vibe. See what's in store for 2017. LEARN MORE To pull this off, the pirates essentially take advantage of YouTube’s option to upload content without sharing it publicly, which effectively allows them to embed the videos on their websites and bypass Google’s Content-ID takedown system. This means the content remains unlisted on YouTube and is served directly from the GoogleVideo.com domain instead. While the move hasn’t gone unnoticed by the porn industry, California-based adult content-maker Dreamroom Productions claims it has made it much harder for producers to hunt down and flag infringing material, since the videos are not shared publicly. Dreamroom admits that although the content eventually gets removed, it does take significantly longer than usual to process such takedown requests. Instead the company is pleading to YouTube to scrap the private sharing function altogether. The porn-maker insists such immense amounts of illegal content are being hosted on Google’s servers that YouTube might have basically become “one of the world’s largest databases of copyright infringing material” on the Web. Still, while adult entertainment producers certainly have a right to feel cheated out of their deserved earnings, disabling the private sharing option will also render the service unavailable to millions of people simply looking for a quick and simple way to store their private videos online – and it would be a shame to lose that. And let’s be honest: Though ditching the private sharing function on YouTube might stop illegal uploaders for a short while, chances are pirates will simply regroup and migrate their infringing materials to another hosting service. As it usually happens. Update: As pointed out by our readers and contrary to TorrentFreak’s coverage, it appears private videos don’t automatically bypass YouTube’s Content-ID system. In fact, numerous users have reported having their private videos taken down or silenced. This means the pirates must be using a trick another trick circumvent Content-ID. [H/T AshTube / Mason Pelt] Porn Pirate Sites Use ‘Backdoor’ to Host Videos on YouTube on TorrentFreak Read next: 5 tips for increasing your conversion rate InsightsYouTube Share on Facebook (87) Share on Twitter (224) Mix is a reporter from Amsterdam. Happy to hear your thoughts on dimitar@thenextweb.com or @Mixtatiq on Twitter. Mix is a tech writer based in Amsterdam that loves cinema and probably hates the movies that you like. Tell him everything you despise about his work on Twitter or pitch him your terrible ideas via email. Contact Mail Tweet Location Amsterdam Posts 436 Posts / mo. 25.98   All posts by Dimitar > Shh. Here's some distraction How to use data to make killer content decisions TNW with Tibco 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' confirmed as name for Episode VIII Napier Lopez From yellow brick road to dark as night: How color has become an important storytelling tool TNW with LG Trump may have the best words, but these Urban Dictionary submissions are pretty good too Bryan Clark This stream of YouTube videos with zero views will put a smile on your face Napier Lopez How to balance security and usability with data analytics TNW with ABN AMRO Comments Recommended 5 tips for dominating your online reputation Melissa Thompson Most popular 1 Facebook is copying Instagram's copy of Snapchat's Stories Napier Lopez 2 Facebook testing News Feed-like ads inside Messenger Bryan Clark 3 Pornhub reveals the Women's March caused serious drops in porn traffic Mix 4 Internet only 'Ghost Restaurants' are the next big thing Bryan Clark 5 Apple is fixing App Store reviews at last Abhimanyu Ghoshal Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Anonymous publishes what appear to be Sean Spicer's Twitter passwords [Updated] Bryan Clark Amazon sells out of '1984' after America remembers it can read Bryan Clark Marvel and Square Enix team up for multi-game partnership starting with The Avengers Bryan Clark Twitter's rolls out new Explore tab to showcase top Moments, trends, and live video Napier Lopez Chrome will aggressively throttle background tabs – as a feature, not a bug Mix 5 tips for dominating your online reputation Melissa Thompson HTTPS is now enabled on TNW Martijn Scheijbeler Are these ridiculous headphones the way forward for music tech? Abhimanyu Ghoshal Trump and staff still use private email and bad security settings for Twitter Mix Supercharge your email game with a lifetime subscription to MailButler for just $34.99 TNW Deals Flexible LCD phone displays are coming soon to end your cracked screen woes Abhimanyu Ghoshal Avoid these 10 insecure VPN apps on Android Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook appoints a new VR lead for Oculus: Hugo Barra Abhimanyu Ghoshal Turn up the nostalgia with these classic Sega game soundtracks on Spotify Bryan Clark Take a peek at Apple's secret 'floating' keyboard Bryan Clark Days ● Hours ● Minutes ● Seconds ● UNTIL PRICES RISE TNW Conference is Europe's leading technology festival. Super Early Bird passes are available until January 31st! Learn More Upcoming Events SXSW Mar 10, 2017 TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Google helped itself to best positions for its own ads: report By Ethan Baron / January 19, 2017 at 5:42 PM Google likes to be on top — and not just on top of the advertising business it dominates, but on top of the very ads themselves. That’s the conclusion of a recent newspaper investigation that found the Mountain View tech icon was a leading buyer of its own search advertising. Search ads are the ones that appear above search results. You may have noticed Google ads in the top spots, for its app store, music service and phones. That’s Google paying Google to advertise on Google, according to Google. And it’s plenty fair to other advertisers, according to Google. Google placed its ads in high positions with considerable frequency, an investigation by the Wall Street Journal concluded. “Ads for products sold by Google and its sister companies appeared in the most prominent spot in 91 percent of 25,000 recent searches related to such items,” the Journal reported. “In 43 percent of the searches, the top two ads both were for Google-related products. “The results show how Google uses its dominant search engine to boost other parts of its business and give it an edge over competitors, which include some of its biggest advertising customers.” A Google spokesman told the newspaper that the firm’s marketing programs are “consciously and carefully designed” not to affect other advertisers. “Google said that when it competes for ads, other advertisers are charged as if it wasn’t bidding, meaning its participation doesn’t directly inflate prices,” according to the Journal. “Google said that its ads only appear atop results because of the ad’s quality and the price Google is willing to pay.” The firm auctions off ad positions for search results, with marketers offering bid prices for specific search terms. However, online-marketing executives and analysts told the paper that Google’s ads can affect the price, placement and performance of other firms’ ads. “Advertising slots on many pages are limited, so Google’s ads can prompt others to increase their bids to compete for the remaining slots,” the Journal reported. The paper said that after it shared its findings with Google in mid-December, many Google ads disappeared from search results. Google’s promotion of its own products and services on its search engine has caught the attention of regulators, and the firm faces charges from the European Union alleging it favors its comparison-shopping service over competitors’, which Google disputes, the paper noted. Google rules the global digital advertising market, reaping 31 percent of it, according to eMarketer.   Photo: A Google data center in Council Bluffs, Iowa. (Connie Zhou/Google/via AP) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: ads, Advertising, Google, phones, search ads, search advertising   More Posts in Big Tech Google cozies up to Republicans in bid to shed left-loving image: report January 27, 2017   PayPal threatened by dangerous competition amid currency woes: report January 27, 2017   Apple seeks to patent ‘vaporizer’: Is it for weed? January 26, 2017       Share this Post Tweet       Last FM Yeah… “Don’t Be Evil” in action. Dan Fundarz Google doing that is a f’n disgrace. Narg So you’d never promote your own stuff on your own site? That would be like Wal Mart putting up Target posters in a Wal Mart store. Stupid. Get a life Dan. Narg Google ads on a Google site? Who knew! HA HA! Of course they are going to do that. Why not? People are so ignorant these days.     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Elon Musk gets on another Trump team, admits reaction… Google HR chief Laszlo Bock leaving to launch startup Tesla sues ex-Autopilot director and former head of… Yahoo and CEO Marissa Mayer hit with investors’… PayPal threatened by dangerous competition amid currency…     Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2017 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BOTS BotBeat Weekly: This week’s top bot stories Blaise Zerega@BeeZee January 19, 2017 6:12 PM Tags: Amazon Echo, bots, chatbots, Davos, Facebook Messenger, Google Assistant, IBM, Microsoft VentureBeat’s Bots Channel tracks the most important news and analysis from the exploding field of bots and messaging. Each week, we select the top stories and present them in our free weekly newsletter, BotBeat. We include news stories by VentureBeat staff, guest articles from leading figures in the bots community, and a good number of posts from a wide variety of other outlets. You can subscribe to our BotBeat newsletter to receive this information in your inbox every Thursday. Here’s this week’s newsletter: Job loss caused by technology and automation was an important topic during the recent U.S. presidential election, and one that is generating a bit of heat at the World Economic Forum in Davos this week. While business leaders wrestle with social and economic costs versus increased productivity, whatever salve they come up with will do little for customer service and call center workers, among others, who might be replaced by chatbots and artificial intelligence. However, it was AI, specifically, and the jobs it might replace that won people’s attention at Davos. During a panel discussion, IBM CEO Ginni Rometty and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella addressed the topic without offering specifics. “It’s not like we actually have economic growth today. So we actually need technological breakthrough, we need AI,” Nadella said, praising the potential for GDP growth and explaining that laid-off workers would need retraining. Rometty, however, acknowledged the worries of workers who fear AI. “There’s so much fear about jobs,” she said. “But most of us will be working with these systems.” She argued that waves of new technologies create waves of new jobs. Alone, such talk means little and does nothing to assuage the fears of vulnerable workers. However, it does suggest at least an awareness of the disconnect between those who look at technology and see utopia, and those who see a threat to their existence. I suppose it will have to do as a first step. As always, please send news tips to Khari Johnson and guest post submissions to John Brandon. Be sure to visit our Bots Channel for comprehensive news on bots, AI, and messaging. Thanks for reading, — Blaise Zerega Editor in Chief P.S. Please enjoy this video of IBM CEO Ginni Rometty and Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella discussing artificial intelligence at Davos.   From the Bots Channel Why 2017 is the year of data-driven AI There was much ado about artificial intelligence (AI) platforms in 2016. It was warranted. Major developments and offerings came out of Microsoft (Cognitive Services), Google (TensorFlow), Amazon (Rekognition, Polly, Lex), IBM (Watson), Salesforce (Einstein), and many more. AI and machine learning (ML) are the hammers that turn just about every business’ data problem into a […] Read the full story   Google Assistant actions can now talk about religion, eldercare, and city services A new batch of third-party Google Assistant actions are now available to chat with on a Google Home. New ways to speak with Google’s AI assistant focus on eldercare, prayer, and city services. One new action points you toward bus times in Singapore, another toward pool times in Seattle, and another garbage pick-up times in […] Read the full story   Bots will replace people before they replace apps The bot land grab is officially under way and everyone is rushing to recreate successful app ideas in chat interfaces. Somehow the old pitch by analogy — we’re “AirBnB for pets” — has found a way to be even less original. Now any aspiring entrepreneur need only take the name of a successful app and […] Read the full story   Why IoT needs AI At one of my recent talks in New York about AI in the supply chain, one of the key questions that came up was “Are you talking about robots?” You see, AI has been romanticized into this abstract term that conjures images of walking robots doing your household chores while you just sit back and […] Read the full story   In a ‘man vs. machine’ poker contest, the machine is winning A very interesting contest is taking place at the Rivers Casino in Pittsburgh, where four of the world’s best poker players are playing against a machine. And as of now anyway, the machine is winning. In this case the machine, named Libratus, is using artificial intelligence (AI) technology developed at nearby Carnegie Mellon University, a […] Read the full story   Betaworks launches Voicecamp startup accelerator around AI assistants and Alexa skills Early-stage startup investor Betaworks announced today that it plans to launch a startup accelerator this spring for the makers of artificial intelligence-powered virtual assistants like Alexa, Google Assistant, and Cortana. Early-stage companies working on a prototype or beta version of an Alexa skill or Google Assistant action are invited to apply. Betaworks was an investor […] Read the full story   7 bot trends to watch in 2017 It’s been less than a year since the Messenger Platform launched, and we’ve seen amazing results in a short amount of time. Throughout 2016, developers built engaging experiences while my team focused on building the best platform we could for them. As we observed what and how they were building, we continued to iterate and […] Read the full story Beyond VB How 5 brands have approached their Messenger chatbots Facebook Messenger has been luring brands and developers to its platform to create bots for just about everything from acting as a concierge to doling out advice. But there is a lot of variation in something as straightforward as a question-and-answer format. Brands have taken different approaches when it comes to chatbots. (via Digiday) Read the full story London startup launches chatbot to help renters exercise their rights London-based startup RentersUnion has created what it’s hoping will be a socially useful chatbot, pitching their web-based bot as a robot replacement for (expensive) housing lawyers. The intended user is anyone not on the London property ladder, and thus at the mercy of landlords, tenancy agreements and (apparently ever-inflating) rents. (via Techcrunch) Read the full story What’s the big journalism trend for 2017? Fear (oh, and voice news bots) The Reuters Institute for the Study of Journalism’s annual predictions report, released Wednesday, starts out a little bleak and doesn’t exactly let up: In 2017, “key developments will center on fears about how changing technology is affecting the quality of information and the state of our democracy.” (via Neiman Foundation) Read the full story Microsoft’s Nadella Warns Against ‘Hubris’ Amid AI Growth Microsoft Corp. and its competitors should eschew artificial intelligence systems that replace people instead of maximizing their time, Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella said in an interview Monday. (via Bloomberg) Read the full story Subscribe to BotBeat Weekly  and receive this newsletter every Thursday ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
News Sports Opinion ArtsEtc Visuals Banter About Advertise Newsletter Donate Weekly Newsletter Banter Banter Woman who flipped off Governor’s Mansion on Google Earth speaks out Children's librarian Ruth Smith stands behind her internet-famous finger by Daniel Chinitz · Jan 19, 2017 Share Tweet Google Earth Formerly known as an unidentified hero of Google Earth for flipping off the Wisconsin Governor’s Mansion, the woman behind the notorious photo has erased the blur in front of her face and discussed the photo. As noted by Mashable, the woman is Ruth Smith, a children’s librarian, mother of two and clear critic of Gov. Scott Walker. The picture was originally taken in 2011 when Smith still lived in Madison, but wasn’t noticed until The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel published an article about it in 2014. Smith opened up to The Badger Herald after she noticed a previous article while perusing Facebook. Woman gives Governor’s Mansion middle finger, is crowned hero of Google EarthGov. Scott Walker has been a controversial figure in Wisconsin, particularly in Dane County. As the 2016 election once again showed, … “I didn’t even bother to look at the article because I knew right away, I was like, ‘That’s me!'” Smith said. “I remember when it happened, I remember running home and telling my husband and some friends, but I really never thought that it would come up on Google Earth.” Arguably the most impressive part of the photo is how clear-headed Smith must have been to achieve the timing master-comics strive for. Positive she is not the first person to flip off the Governor’s Mansion while walking past, Smith is proud to be the one who happened to be there as the Google Earth car drove past. “I saw this tiny, little white car driving maybe 10 miles an hour with this huge tripod on the roof and I was like, ‘Oh my goodness, is that…’ and I was like, ‘Oh yes it is!'” While Smith wholeheartedly stands behind her decision to give the mansion the middle finger, she admitted she knows this isn’t the serious political solution America needs, but rather offers entertainment to those that may disagree with the current state of politics. Expressing these sorts of feelings can be cathartic and important for expression, regardless of political beliefs. However, Smith said real conversation is what really counts. “I’m glad it’s entertaining, but what I did is kind of a crude gesture and doesn’t mean it’s making a difference,” Smith said. “It’s something funny. It’s good to get that out of your system, but in truth it doesn’t leave much room for discussion and nothing really gets done by doing that.” Eight photos that would look great next to Walker’s portrait of himselfGov. Scott Walker recently had a portrait made of him that now hangs in the governor’s mansion. Here are a few … Strong political media coverage is something Smith values as America steps into a realm of uncertainty pertaining to the role of the media. Smith said that people shouldn’t just focus on superficial acts, such as her own. Understanding a large majority of Americans would strongly oppose what Smith has done, her explanation for her actions remain valiant and humorous. “I want to make sure we are focusing on the right things in terms of our media coverage and it’s fun to have something light, and to bring a little humor in this time of political darkness,” Smith said. “I am certainly not a hero in any stretch of the word.” Share Tweet This article was published Jan 19, 2017 at 8:07 pm and last updated Jan 19, 2017 at 8:07 pm Tags: Google earth, Middle finger, Scott Walker, Wisconsin, Wisconsin governors mansion Comments Next in Banter In photos: Dogtoberfest fun for humans, furry friends alike Dogs and beers brought smiles to this year's Dogtoberfest at the Capital Brewery in Middleton Top five classes left as drop deadline looms Social sciences, biological sciences and many more still have space left The pros and cons of being the country’s top party school Princeton review names Badgers drunkest of all PSA: Mooyah is giving out free fries for year Monday Mooyah on State Street celebrates their 100th store opening by giving away french fries, money, other deals News Sports Opinion ArtsEtc Visuals Banter Get Involved About UW-Madison's Premier Independent Student Newspaper All Content © The Badger Herald, 1995 - 2017
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Google Maps update could help you avoid parking nightmares by Napier Lopez — in Google 507 shares Google Maps’ estimated travel durations can be immensely useful when planning for a trip, but the predictions can be misleading when you didn’t anticipate spending half an hour simply finding somewhere to park once you arrive at your destination. Now Google is testing a feature which warns you about limited parking around your destination, as noted by Android Police. Basically, you’ll probably be warned if you’re driving anywhere within Manhattan. “This event was off the charts” Gary Vaynerchuk was so impressed with TNW Conference 2016 he paused mid-talk to applaud us. FIND OUT WHY Actually, I literally tried 10 different places in Manhattan and they all show up as ‘limited.’ The warning shows up first as a little ‘P’ icon next to your time estimate, and you can view a bit more detail by swiping up to view the directions. Despite my New York City woes, there are actually three color-coded warning levels: Limited (red), Medium (blue), and Easy (I’m guessing green, but I’ve yet to see it). That being said, the feature isn’t as useful as it could be right now. Google doesn’t provide an estimate for how long it will take you to find parking, nor suggest alternative locations for your to park. That means that in a city where parking is pretty much always scarce it probably won’t be very much help. Also, right now it seems to be mostly limited to major metropolitan areas where parking is already on the tight side. But hey, I’m not really complaining; it’s a reminder to factor in some extra time, and I wouldn’t be surprised to see parking advice added over time. The feature appears to be rolling out slowly to Android users on the Maps beta (you can join from the app’s page on the Play Store). You’ll want to make sure you’re running the latest beta build, though at this point it’s probably only a matter of time until it becomes available for more users.   Google Maps starts showing parking availability for some users on Android Police Read next: Mother of four with no construction experience erects her dream home using YouTube tutorials AppsGoogleGoogle Maps Share on Facebook (116) Share on Twitter (287) Napier Lopez is a reporter from New York City, US. Happy to hear your thoughts on napier@thenextweb.com or @napilopez on Twitter. Napier Lopez is a writer based in New York City. He's interested in all things tech, science, and photography related, and likes to yo-yo in his free time. Follow him on Twitter or his blog. Contact Mail Tweet Location New York City, US Posts 1907 Posts / mo. 44.41   All posts by Napier > The latest articles around Google Google I/O 2017 will be hosted at Shoreline Amphitheater from May 17-19 Abhimanyu Ghoshal Google pushes Chromebooks to classrooms by making them more like Microsoft's Surface Napier Lopez Google Voice gets a fresh coat of paint and group messaging features Abhimanyu Ghoshal Shh. Here's some distraction How to use data to make killer content decisions TNW with Tibco 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' confirmed as name for Episode VIII Napier Lopez From yellow brick road to dark as night: How color has become an important storytelling tool TNW with LG Trump may have the best words, but these Urban Dictionary submissions are pretty good too Bryan Clark This stream of YouTube videos with zero views will put a smile on your face Napier Lopez How to balance security and usability with data analytics TNW with ABN AMRO Comments Recommended 5 tips for dominating your online reputation Melissa Thompson Most popular 1 Facebook is copying Instagram's copy of Snapchat's Stories Napier Lopez 2 Facebook testing News Feed-like ads inside Messenger Bryan Clark 3 Pornhub reveals the Women's March caused serious drops in porn traffic Mix 4 Internet only 'Ghost Restaurants' are the next big thing Bryan Clark 5 Apple is fixing App Store reviews at last Abhimanyu Ghoshal Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Anonymous publishes what appear to be Sean Spicer's Twitter passwords [Updated] Bryan Clark Amazon sells out of '1984' after America remembers it can read Bryan Clark Marvel and Square Enix team up for multi-game partnership starting with The Avengers Bryan Clark Twitter's rolls out new Explore tab to showcase top Moments, trends, and live video Napier Lopez Chrome will aggressively throttle background tabs – as a feature, not a bug Mix 5 tips for dominating your online reputation Melissa Thompson HTTPS is now enabled on TNW Martijn Scheijbeler Are these ridiculous headphones the way forward for music tech? Abhimanyu Ghoshal Trump and staff still use private email and bad security settings for Twitter Mix Supercharge your email game with a lifetime subscription to MailButler for just $34.99 TNW Deals Flexible LCD phone displays are coming soon to end your cracked screen woes Abhimanyu Ghoshal Avoid these 10 insecure VPN apps on Android Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook appoints a new VR lead for Oculus: Hugo Barra Abhimanyu Ghoshal Turn up the nostalgia with these classic Sega game soundtracks on Spotify Bryan Clark Take a peek at Apple's secret 'floating' keyboard Bryan Clark Days ● Hours ● Minutes ● Seconds ● UNTIL PRICES RISE TNW Conference is Europe's leading technology festival. Super Early Bird passes are available until January 31st! Learn More Upcoming Events SXSW Mar 10, 2017 TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
