Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Scientists at work Subscribe Technophrenia On the interface between technology, people and society Apple’s new mobile AI chip could create a new level of intelligence May 29, 2017 9.30am EDT David Glance Author David Glance Director of UWA Centre for Software Practice, University of Western Australia Disclosure statement David Glance owns shares in Apple Partners University of Western Australia provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation AU. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Neural networks driving machine learning. Shutterstock Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger Apple is reportedly working on a chip called the Apple Neural Engine, which would be dedicated to carrying out artificial intelligence (AI) processing on its mobile devices. The addition of this type of capability would catalyse the use of AI on mobile devices. Although it is already being used extensively to power digital assistants like Siri and Google Assistant, these technologies rely on computer servers to process data sent to them rather than the processing happening on the mobile device itself. Augmented reality and digital assistants are not the only applications of AI that will become important on mobile devices. Once the capability is made available to all mobile application developers, it will bring new types of capabilities to mobile devices. Health applications, for example, will be able to tell when body readings from sensors on the phone or associated wearable devices are abnormal and need acting on. But the uses are potentially limitless and will bring about a new phase in how we rely on applications and our mobile devices in everyday life. And they will work, even when the device is not connected to the internet. Strictly speaking, a specific processor is not an essential requirement for using AI on a mobile phone. Chip-maker Qualcomm for example has provided a software-based approach, called the Snapdragon Neural Processing Engine, to allow developers using their chips to incorporate AI into their software. An example of this is a car that monitors the driver using a camera and warns when they are using their smartphone or driving erratically. Specific AI hardware however greatly speeds up the process called “machine learning” and allows for more sophisticated types of AI to be used. Google’s AI hardware, called the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the fastest computer processors (CPUs) and graphic processors (GPUs) that power computers today. These TPUs were what gave Google’s DeepMind its ability to beat the world champions of the Chinese game of Go. These TPUs also have vastly improved Google’s automated language translation software, Google Translate. The inclusion of AI in mobile software is going to massively increase the potential usefulness of that software and through that, how much we come to depend on the mobile phone. Our state of health, for example, is really about how we are doing relative to how we normally feel. Changes in behaviour can signal changes in mental health, including conditions like dementia and Parkinson’s. They can also be precursors of illnesses such as diabetes as well as respiratory and cardiovascular diseases. Our phones could monitor patterns of activity and even how we walk. This ability would be based on the software learning our normal patterns and once having detected a change, decide what to do about it. The phone would be part of a self-directed ecosystem of intelligent and autonomous machines, including cars. Not only is the driving of autonomous cars completely dependent on AI to function, it is likely that people will eventually share the use of these cars when needed, rather than owning one themselves. AI will again be essential for managing how this sharing functions to manage the most efficient distribution of cars, directing which cars need to pick up which clients. To do this, the scheduling AI service will need to liaise with AI software on everyone’s phones to determine where and when they will be at a given location and where they need to get to. AI on a mobile device will also increasingly be used to keep the device protected, checking if applications and communications are secure or likely to be a threat. This technology is already being implemented in smart home appliances, but as software. The addition of special AI chips will allow them to be much faster and to do more. Researchers are also looking at analysing the way we move as a means of uniquely identifying the wearer of a device. AI will essentially be able to fill in and apply the understanding and knowledge that not everyone possesses. Even if they do, remembering to do something, even when it is in your own best interest, is sometimes hard. There is a counter argument to the benefits of increasing the intelligence of mobile devices however. This is the fear that as we come to rely on devices to do things, we will lose the ability to maintain that skill and that this will eventually impact on a person’s overall cognitive ability, or at least on their ability to operate without the AI. The successful outcome of having an AI assisting depends on the user following its advice, and this is something that people may not be that good at doing. Previous post May 18, 2017 Few Australians trust social media with personal information but most do little about it Next post June 4, 2017 How to escape the media’s obsession with Trump and filter him from the web Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter Most popular on The Conversation The rising homegrown terror threat on the right Fidget toys aren’t just hype Why do only some people get ‘skin orgasms’ from listening to music? 7 in 10 smartphone apps share your data with third-party services Why Jefferson’s vision of American Islam matters today Should we put juveniles away for life? Meet the teen who sparked a debate What’s behind the fidget spinner fad? How would engineers build the Golden Gate Bridge today? Are we overreacting to US withdrawal from the Paris Agreement on climate? How do the chemicals in sunscreen protect our skin from damage? Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 51,000 academics and researchers from 2,050 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 7 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / Mobile Tech / Tech-World Battle: Digital Assistants Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants By Bob ODonnell PUBLISHED: MAY 29 2017 In case you hadn't noticed, the OS platform battle is over. Oh, and nobody really won, because basically all the big players did, depending on your perspective. Google has the largest number of people using Android, Apple generates the most income via iOS, and Windows still commands the workplace for Microsoft. But the stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Google's Assistant (which is rolling out to iOS), among others. While much of the initial focus is, rightfully, around the voice-based computing capabilities of these assistants, I believe we're going to see these assistants expand into text-driven chatbots, AI-driven autonomous software helpers and, most importantly, de facto digital gateways that end up tying together a wide range of smart and connected devices. These digital assistants have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. From smart homes to smart cars, as well as smartphones, PCs and wearables that span both our personal and professional lives, these digital assistants will (ideally) provide the consistent glue that brings together computing, services and much more across many disparate OS platforms. In short, they should be able to make our lives better organized, and our devices and services much easier to use. That's why these assistants are so strategically important, and why so many other companies - from Facebook to Samsung - are working on their own variations. Another fascinating aspect of these digital assistants is that they have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. If I can use, say, Alexa across an iPhone, a Windows PC, my smart home components and a future connected car, where does the unique value of iOS or Windows 10 go? Out the door ... This overarching importance and distancing from different platforms is why I refer to these assistants as the preeminent example of a "meta-platform," something that provides the potential for expansion, via both APIs for new software development, and the connectivity of a regular platform, but at a layer "above" a traditional OS. With that thought in mind, it's interesting to look at recent data that Technalysis Research collected as part of a nearly 1,000-person survey of U.S. consumers on usage of digital assistants on smartphones, PCs and the hottest new entrant, smart speakers such as Amazon's Alexa and Google Home. As mentioned earlier, in their present incarnations, these digital assistants are primarily focused on voice-based computing and the kinds of applications that are best suited for simple voice-driven queries. To get a better sense of how these assistants are used, respondents were asked in separate questions how often (or even if) they used digital assistants on smart speakers (such as Amazon Echo), smartphones and PCs. The results were combined into the chart below: What's fascinating is that, even though the smart speaker category is relatively new (the Echo is less than two years old) and Siri, the first smartphone-based digital assistant, arrived in 2011, it's clear that people with access to a smart speaker like Echo (around 14 percent of U.S. households, according to the survey results) are using digital assistants significantly more than those with smartphones. If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. While it's tempting to suggest that this may be due to the perceived accuracy of the different assistants, in a separate question about accuracy, the rankings for Alexa, Siri and Google's Assistant were nearly identical, meaning there was no one clear favorite. Instead, these results suggest that a dedicated-function device placed in a central location within a home simply invites more usage. Translation: If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. Of course, the other challenge is that most people are now increasingly exposed to and use multiple digital assistants from multiple players. In fact, 56 percent of the respondents acknowledged that they at least occasionally (and some frequently) used multiple assistants, with differing degrees of comfort in making the switch between them. The largest single group, 26 percent, said they were loyal to and consistently used one assistant and ignored the others, but as competition in this area heats up, those loyalties are likely to be tested. Digital assistant technology has a long way to go, and their current usage patterns only provide some degree of insight into what their long-term capabilities will be. Nevertheless, it's clear that the meta-platform battle for digital assistants is going to have a significantly broader and longer-lasting impact than the OS platform battles of yore. That, by itself, will make them essential to watch and understand. © 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Microsoft. Read more on: Microsoft, Cortana, Apple, Siri, Google Home, Amazon, Alexa, Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees 2. Is Computer Glare Aging Your Skin? 3. Alexa: Take Me Out to the Ball Game 4. MS Reboots Skype with New Features 5. Essential Home to Run All Assistants MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN MOBILE TECH 1. Adobe Scan: Docs into Editable PDFs 2. Report: Smartphone Growth Slowing 3. Win 10 To Run on Qualcomm Chips 4. Android Creator Intros New Phone 5. T-Mobile Debuts Digits 1-Number Svc NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Automotive Tech CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Skip to content Skip to main navigation Editorial NEWS 28 mins ago Golden urges Australians to be more adventurous with their Crumpet toppings in new TVC 38 mins ago Tiger Beer fights illegal tiger trade by launching documentary campaign with artists 4 hours ago MediaCom promotes chief digital officer Willie Pang to chief operating officer 4 hours ago Media competitors need to become frenemies in a time of anaemic growth: PwC 4 hours ago Magnum Opus Partners and Wildlife Victoria raise awareness for World Environment Day OPINION The TV networks have it wrong. Older eyeballs matter most Cut the bullshit about the death of big ideas and the demise of the creative director SIMON LARCEY The TV industry ain’t out of the woods yet AXEL BRUNS The ABC is not siphoning audiences from Fairfax NICOLAS SUZOR After the ‘Facebook Files’, the social media giant must be more transparent FEATURES 4 days ago Under pressure: How to be creative with fast turnaround work 1 week ago AANA CEO contenders emerge as global hunt for Gloster replacement continues 3 weeks ago Creating a new Lifestyle: How realestate.com.au used content to create an emotional connection for users 3 weeks ago Mightysmall: How Special Group’s lead strategist Dave Hartmann launched a brand of his own 3 weeks ago ‘Sorry can be the most powerful move’: what brands can learn from the ongoing United Airlines PR crisis DR MUMBO 4 hours ago Redesign my bleep with Todd Sampson 4 days ago Too many guys one girl, the media company edition 6 days ago Too Many Guys One Girl, the AdNews edition 2 weeks ago Psycho killer on the radio 3 weeks ago Today’s not-so exclusive Tom Cruise interview F.Y.I. 2 hours ago State of Digital Publishing launches new community platform, Seek An Audience 5 hours ago Blackie McDonald wins three new clients 6 hours ago Out of Home advertising reports media revenue of $70.5m for May 6 hours ago Clemenger BBDO Sydney appoints Madeleine Marsh as head of account management 2 days ago Seven’s House Rules set to return for season six 2 days ago Jennifer Hawkins returns as Colgate Optic White brand ambassador 3 days ago ‘Behind the Voice’ returns to Kiis National Network 3 days ago Exhibition industry to use Mumbrella360 to take Global Exhibitions Day to marketers 4 days ago Fans given a chance to win X-Men prizes in new #ThankHugh campaign Events AWARDS June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Awards June 29, 2017 Mumbrella Awards VIEW ALL AWARDS CONFERENCES June 6-8, 2017 Mumbrella360 June 21, 2017 Sports Marketing Summit August 10, 2017 Finance Marketing Summit August 23, 2017 Automotive Marketing Summit VIEW ALL CONFERENCES TRAINING TBC Mumbrella Digital School July 26, 2017 Mumbrella Mobile Marketing Masterclass OTHER INDUSTRY EVENTS Jobs More More The Source Business Directory Freelance Directory Company About Mumbrella Advertise Advertise Legal Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Australia Asia Subscribe News Opinion Dr Mumbo F.Y.I. Events Other Industry Events Jobs More About Mumbrella Freelance Directory Business Directory Advertise Subscribe to newsletter Opinion The ABC is not siphoning audiences from Fairfax Fairfax's CEO Greg Hywood recently hit out at the ABC for undermining commercial media companies, but in this crossposting from The Conversation, Axel Bruns argues that this misunderstands the new digital ecosystem. May 30, 2017 9:46 by AXEL BRUNS 12 Fairfax CEO Greg Hywood has been busy. His company’s announcement on 3 May 2017 that Fairfax would sack 125 of its newsroom staff led to Sydney Morning Herald and The Age journalists going on strike, at the worst possible time in the Australian political calendar. Meanwhile, media reports highlighted Hywood’s annual pay of over A$7 million – which at a median reported salary for journalists of just over A$51,000 would comfortably pay for the most of the staff laid off in Hywood’s announcement. This is not to say that Hywood does not deserve a CEO-level salary, of course. But in light of the criticism of the job losses at Fairfax, his defence of executive pay levels was tin-eared, to say the least: We pride ourselves on providing above-market salaries… We need good people to work at this business. You don’t fix the issues confronting the media business by doing the same thing again and again, and expecting a different result. Yet here we are again, with more journalists sacked, and no clear indication of how this is going to make Fairfax’s news outlets more attractive. Faced with such questioning from the Senate inquiry into public interest journalism, Hywood resorted to a familiar trope for commercial media executives – blame market distortion by the public broadcaster: The ABC is creating additional pressure on commercial media by aggressively competing for the same audience that commercial media rely on by providing online content for free, undermining our ability to create a sustainable model. However, this seems to be fundamentally ignorant of the fact that for years now, the ABC has done what few commercial news outlets have been prepared to do: promote the news stories published by its competitors. Promoting the work of others The ABC has long partnered with Microsoft’s Bing search engine to include a block of links to related content from elsewhere on the web alongside its own stories. This recognises audiences’ interest in seeing multiple independent angles on the same story. Sadly, commercial outlets like The Sydney Morning Herald (SMH) still lack this basic feature and link only to (often virtually identical) stories on their sister sites, such as The Age. Related links in a recent ABC News article – including to Fairfax property Australian Financial Review. Screenshot by Axel Bruns Rather than siphoning eyeballs from its commercial competitors, could ABC News be a driver of traffic to them, then? Traffic data from Hitwise, which tracks Australian users’ web browsing patterns, can provide an answer to this question. First, let us put these sites in perspective. In order to compare like with like, we’ll use the numbers for ABC News here, rather than visits to the main ABC site with its multitude of non-news content. Hitwise data report that the SMH consistently attracts a much larger volume of visits than ABC News. In March 2017, for instance, its 38.2 million total visits constitute about a quarter more than ABC News’ 29.9 million. The Age receives around 27.5 million total visits over the same period. Neither can compete with undisputed market leader news.com.au, with 72.8 million total visits that month. Put together, visits to these two Fairfax properties are already more than twice as large as those to ABC News, then – if the ABC is undermining Fairfax’s market position, it’s not making a very good job of it. Traffic patterns But this is not a zero-sum game, of course. Visitors to ABC News, aided by its helpful links to external content, may well find themselves heading to the Fairfax outlets for more information. Even in the absence of outbound links from Fairfax, the same might be true in reverse, too. Here, the upstream websites recorded by Hitwise – that is, the sites visited just before coming to the SMH or ABC News – tell an interesting story. The SMH receives the vast plurality of its inbound reader traffic from Google sites: some 38.9% of its traffic enter via Google Australia, Google (international), Google News Australia, or Gmail. Another 7.8% arrive via Facebook or Twitter. Related Content Greg Hywood: 'ABC is creating additional pressure on commercial media' News Fairfax Media to axe 125 editorial jobs as part of $30m restructure News Similar patterns hold for other sites: in March, The Age receives 28.2% of its traffic from Google sites, and 9.2% from Facebook or Twitter. For ABC News, those percentages are 26.9% and 7.9%, respectively. news.com.au gets 32.2% of its traffic from Google sites, and 7.9% from social media. ABC News’ outbound links are necessarily a much smaller factor than the connections provided by these internet giants, but should not be ignored. In March, 2.1% of the SMH’s traffic began with readers coming in from ABC sites. For The Age, the percentage is even greater: 2.9% of its traffic originated from ABC sites. But the ABC does not play favourites amongst the commercial sites: 2.2% of news.com.au traffic arrived from here. Such public service is hardly reciprocated, however: only 0.9% of ABC News’ already lower volume of traffic originated from the two Fairfax sites. Empty corporate rhetoric There are deeper traffic patterns that the Hitwise data cannot reveal. What we see here are only the sites visited immediately before – not pages opened independently in another user session, or arrived at through a more circuitous route. And yes, as quality news publications ABC News and the two Fairfax sites do operate in the same market segment, of course. But Hywood’s, and other media executives’, statements continue to assume that online audiences make a conscious binary choice between one outlet and another, and that public service media therefore distort the market. This fails to understand how serendipitous our news discovery has become in an age of search and social recommendations. It also fails to recognise that serious news followers – the core audience for these sites – will often read multiple stories on the same events, from multiple outlets. Not least perhaps because they know that understaffed newsrooms now regularly struggle to cover major issues in sufficient detail. The traffic patterns we have seen here, at any rate, reveal that audiences lost to ABC News should be the least of Greg Hywood’s worries. The major Fairfax sites consistently outperform the ABC in terms of reader traffic, and the public broadcaster is even a net source of visits to the SMH and The Age. Similarly, when Hywood calls for “a level playing field which allows local media to take the necessary steps to compete with Google and Facebook”, he fails to recognise that these platforms are the single greatest source of traffic to Fairfax’s sites. Fairfax, and other news sites, are not competing with Google and Facebook: for better or worse, they fundamentally rely on them for visibility and visitors. Media businesses that cannot adjust to this fact are doomed to struggle. Data on Australian Internet users’ news browsing patterns are provided courtesy of Hitwise. All Hitwise figures based on data for March 2017. Axel Bruns, Professor, Creative Industries, Queensland University of Technology This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. topics Share Tweet Share Comments: 12 Add Comment Duncan 30 May 17 ROFL: Denial, not just a river in Egypt. Reply 2017 30 May 17 Everything competes with sleep Reply Hywhat? 30 May 17 ABC is one of the last, credible, resources. The money worshippers and greed salutes hate the ABC. These same people would love for nothing less than the population to conform and obey their advertiser’s messages. Fairfax Digital, when it launched was looking great, it hired loads of smart talent, who in turn went and joined far more pioneering companies, such as, ahem, Google… Is there one single computer scientist on the Fairfax Board? No? Well, there you go. An old school institution. To be fair, not as evil as News Corp… Reply Andrew 30 May 17 I count myself as a ‘serious news follower’ and read both The Age and the ABC news each day, but if I ever ditch my Fairfax subscription and just rely on the ABC site it will be because the cuts to Fairfax have finally reduced the quality to such a level that it’s no longer worth reading. If Fairfax management are worried about the ABC it should be because the national broadcaster provides a standard of quality journalism that the commercial operations can be measured against. Reply Errm? 2 Jun 17 There is nothing wrong with The Guardian. NYTimes – Aus Edition. Even The Conversation can be worthy of a read 🙂 Do steer clear of the Murdoch clap trap though: not even worth wrapping fish and chips in that sensationalist nonsense… Reply Anonymous 31 May 17 On a similar tip it is worth noting that The Guardian allows links to Fairfax through content ads on their site but Fairfax does not allow links to The Guardian. Reply Michael 31 May 17 Fairfax is the author of its own demise. Playing to a receding, contracting audience of political-cultural elitists within a shrinking bubble, is not a strategy for success. However criticising the ABC for using money paid in taxes by its competitors, to compete against them, is a valid criticism. It arguably falls under s.51 (xxxi) of the constitution whereby the Commonwealth must compensate on “just terms” where the Commonwealth (the ABC) has infringed on the property rights of other media. Taking clicks & eyeballs away from commercial media, is acquiring their property. The ABC should stop, or cough up the compensation. Reply The Facts 1 Jun 17 Total nonsense. It is pretty clear your comment is based entirely on your political leanings and not reality. Reply faux 1 Jun 17 You’re right! As it happens I have a security guard firm. The police have taking my business for years. Not to mention the armed forces. I’ll start filling out the compensation form tomorrow. Reply Brilliant 2 Jun 17 Love it Faux. Reply Hugo 1 Jun 17 It seems to me, that blaming others for ones own woes is unhelpful, even when its accurate. No point focussing on the things you can’t control….like the fact the ABC exists and the public loves it. Reply Numbers 2 Jun 17 Hywood’ whinge is idiotic. Fact is that the gorilla with traffic is google plus Facebook. Everyone else is a chimp. This is why newspapers are giving up on traffic based commercial models. But not Hywood, who has accelerated the Fairfax demise with a reactive cost cutting regime that lacks any strategy. It’s not the ABC that is damaging Fairfax. Reply Have your say Name Email Address (optional) Website (optional)   ADVERTISEMENT Most Discussed 64 Comments Ratings Game: Guess the ratings for State of Origin and win a Mumbrella Sports Marketing Summit pass 58 Comments What’s going wrong in the world of advertising? 50 Comments Adam Ferrier, Jim Ingram and Ben Couzens launch new agency Thinkerbell 38 Comments Accenture buys The Monkeys and Maud 35 Comments The journey to digital paradise: A little more conversation, a little less rhetoric SUBSCRIBE Sign up to our free daily update to get the latest in media and marketing
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up Facebook drives publishers' lifestyle content News, 30 May 2017 Topics Facebook Search marketing NEW YORK: The topic of an article has significant impact on where readers find it, as new research shows lifestyle and entertainment stories see the majority of traffic coming from Facebook, while Google searches drive the majority of tech, sports, and business stories.This is according to findings from Parse.ly, the digital audience engagement firm, which studied referrals to over 10m articles from the firm’s corpus in 2016. The research broke down both referral sources as well as device traffic breakdown. Of the topics studied, a number favoured one platform overwhelmingly over the other. For instance, lifestyle articles got more than 87% of external traffic through Facebook and just 7% from Google searches; in addition, the majority (63%) of that traffic came through a mobile device. Similarly, entertainment articles received 60% of external traffic through the social network, also with a skew toward mobile consumption (56%). Elsewhere, Facebook drove 59% of traffic to both education/research stories and coverage of US presidential politics. Conversely, job postings were extremely reliant on Google, with 84.4% of external referrals going through the search engine. However, there were significantly fewer job postings than other category articles within the corpus of 10m. Elsewhere, technology stories received 61% of traffic from Google searches, slightly more than sports (50%) and business/finance stories (47%). A deeper dive into the data showed that Twitter has a notable presence when it comes to sports stories, accounting for 10.6% of referrals – out of a diverse 'other' section that made up 30% of the total. "Understanding differences in referral data per topic has practical implications," the report said. Knowing ahead of time how an audience is likely to find your story can help you shape everything from editorial calendars to design. Having these references can help publishers make informed decisions about where to promote specific articles and increase the diversity of traffic sources to their content," the report concluded. Across the full swath of articles studied, Facebook referrals drove 39% of external traffic in 2016, while Google drove 35%. However, the report made clear that Google’s Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) publishing format for mobile is not currently measured in Google search traffic. Data sourced from Parse.ly; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News Snapchat raises its profile in Europe News NYT sets up brand content agency in Hong Kong News Retailers must avoid 'spray and pray' marketing News Intel predicts $7 trillion driverless economy News Google Chrome will block annoying ads News Napster, Rakuten team up for Japan music push News Dunkin' Donuts taps the power of emojis News Unilever shows innovation is a team effort View more News and Opinion More from WARC Online advertising: what publishers can learn from Facebook and Google How publishers are driving their business through content strategies Nobody owns an audience: how publishers are finding and keeping readers Get a demo Topics Facebook Search marketing 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet D-Link partners with Google 10:30 May 30, 2017PressRelease 0 comments Press Release – D-Link AUCKLAND, 30 May 2017 D-Link has announced its partnership with Google to provide upcoming mydlink products that work with the Google Assistant. The compatibility will provide consumers with the ability to control their smarthome products with …D-Link partners with Google D-Link’s mydlink products will soon support Google Assistant AUCKLAND, 30 May 2017 – D-Link has announced its partnership with Google to provide upcoming mydlink products that work with the Google Assistant. The compatibility will provide consumers with the ability to control their smarthome products with voice commands. By saying “OK Google” to the Google Assistant on Google Home or Android phone, users can ask and receive answers, manage tasks, and control mydlink devices around their home. D-Link ANZ MD Graeme Reardon said, “D-Link is proud to become Google’s partner and be a part of the increasingly expanding home automation industry. We hope to continue providing our customers with new smart home experiences that encompass more possibilities than ever before.” About mydlink: mydlink is D-Link’s end to end smart home ecosystem consisting of a range of home automation devices, the cloud-based platform, and the mobile app. Consumers are able to connect to, monitor and control devices in their smart home. For more information about Google Home and the Google Assistant go to: https://madeby.google.com/home/ and https://assistant.google.com/ Ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Combating protectionism and launch of EU negotiations Entrepreneurism champion recognised in honours list Queen’s birthday honours recognises Dr Rhodes’ services Minister to attend UN Ocean conference Minister to attend OECD signing ceremony East Coast Oil Opposition Group Heads to the UN The Nation: Ghahraman, Allan, Willis and Taurima May Commercial Registrations Highest of all Time The Nation: Lisa Owen interviews Phil Goff Spark to go it alone with $10-12M in annual VC investments MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares gain on global wave NZ dollar up against Aussie, steady against USD First NZ – Air NZ target price 19% INCREASED ACCOMMODATION RATE WILL BACKFIRE ON AUCKLAND Horizons assisting with myrtle rust search Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News Most ReadPaid Search PPC Guide Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT News·Paid Search | May 29, 2017 Google Introduces ‘Buy’ Button in Beta Program 1.0K SHARES 3.0K READS Matt Southern SEJ STAFF SEJ STAFF Matt Southern 3.0K READS Google has introduced a Purchases on Google beta program which allows qualifying merchants to add a “Buy” button to search adds. Merchants who both choose to take part in, and qualify for, the beta program will be able to include a “Buy on Google” button at the top of their product ads. Purchasing a product from Google search requires being a user of Google Wallet. Clicking on the “Buy” button will send Google Wallet users to a Google-hosted page where the product can be purchased. Not only is the beta program limited in who can take part in it, but the potential audience is limited as well. Currently, only searchers on Android will be able to see the “Buy” button. That means it’s also limited to mobile search for the time being. Curiously enough there has been no official announcement about this feature. Though we can confirm it exists because it’s an option that now appears in the Google Merchant Center, as Inc points out. After logging in to your merchant center account, navigate to the “Purchases on Google” block. Google describes the new service by saying you can “help shoppers easily purchase on Google, so you can grow conversions and drive new customers.” As a service that’s clearly in its infancy, it will take some time before realizing the full potential of Purchases on Google. Does it have what it takes to compete with the web’s leading e-commerce giants? ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Google Introduces Verified Customer Reviews, Retires Trusted Stores Program Google Adwords Introduces Anticipated ‘Buy’ Button Bing Ads Introduces App Install Ads in Pilot Program for US Advertisers ADVERTISEMENT Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Partner Stories How to Discover & Take Advantage of Hidden Ranks Search Podcast How AI and Machine Learning Affect the Future of Online Marketing Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search PPC Guide All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 160 Plus 1 on G+ 76 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares300 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh abc Gee, you're an idiot. Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. abc lol, butthurt fanboy. catalysto So brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. abc fanboy's bum hurts. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? abc lol. It must be nice being American. In your tiny world, everyone either supports Trump or Hillary. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It must be nice being American. http://i.onionstatic.com/avclub/2294/30/16x9/960.jpg aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? abc No.1 in spam!! 'Murica, fuck yeah! Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I work from ease and comfort of my house, with quick tasks that only require from you a Computer system together with connection to the internet and I am also pleasant than ever before... After six months with this project and therefore i acquired compensated overall Thirty six Thousand dollars... Mainly I get near eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs daily.And tremendous factor regarding this job is usually that you can arrange your time whenever you work and for how long as you may like and you earn a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? derp_cookies About 4 at the moment. D.Smithee *crickets* abc Good. Can't wait for it to die. One less piece of Google bloatware on my phone. Gabby Now if we could only get the same examination of Disqus spam. Almost all of it looks so similar that their continuing failure to block it makes me suspect they are actually profiting from the spam somehow. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.331s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News Most ReadPaid Search PPC Guide Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT News | May 29, 2017 Google Adds ‘Personal’ Tab to Search Results 641 SHARES 1.9K READS Matt Southern SEJ STAFF SEJ STAFF Matt Southern 1.9K READS Google is taking personalized search a step further with a new “Personal” tab which has been recently rolled out in search results. Now, after searching for a topic, you can scroll through the carousel of tabs to find one marked “Personal.” Within the tab are instances where Google has found a personal connection between you and the topic being searched for, which is gleaned from the data Google collects on its users. Here’s just one example of what I discovered during my testing. When I have a free moment outside of work, my favorite thing to do is play the new Nintendo Switch console. So that’s what I searched for. In the results under the “Personal” Tab, Google has surfaced recent purchases of Switch games — data which has no doubt been collected through Amazon receipts. The section below displays Gmail results which contain the keyword “Nintendo Switch”. Here’s another example of different types of cards I found when I searched for “Toronto,” a city near me that I visit frequently. In the “Personal” tab Google has surfaced my upcoming travel information. In the section below are photos in Google Photos which have been taken in Toronto. It’s not pictured, but the section below contains results from Gmail. During my testing I found there were times when a single search ad appeared at the top of the results, and other times when there was no ad. As you can see in both examples, Google makes it clear “only you can see these results.” Having said that, you’ll need to be logged in to access the “Personal” tab. ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Google App Redesigned: One Section for Personal Interests, One for Upcoming Info Google Calendar Can Now Assist With Planning Personal Goals Google Assistant is No Help When it Comes to Protecting Personal Data ADVERTISEMENT Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Partner Stories How to Discover & Take Advantage of Hidden Ranks Search Podcast How AI and Machine Learning Affect the Future of Online Marketing Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search PPC Guide All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman D-Link partners with Google Tuesday, 30 May 2017, 10:30 am Press Release: D-Link D-Link partners with Google D-Link’s mydlink products will soon support Google Assistant AUCKLAND, 30 May 2017 – D-Link has announced its partnership with Google to provide upcoming mydlink products that work with the Google Assistant. The compatibility will provide consumers with the ability to control their smarthome products with voice commands. By saying “OK Google” to the Google Assistant on Google Home or Android phone, users can ask and receive answers, manage tasks, and control mydlink devices around their home. D-Link ANZ MD Graeme Reardon said, “D-Link is proud to become Google’s partner and be a part of the increasingly expanding home automation industry. We hope to continue providing our customers with new smart home experiences that encompass more possibilities than ever before.” About mydlink: mydlink is D-Link’s end to end smart home ecosystem consisting of a range of home automation devices, the cloud-based platform, and the mobile app. Consumers are able to connect to, monitor and control devices in their smart home. For more information about Google Home and the Google Assistant go to: https://madeby.google.com/home/ and https://assistant.google.com/ Ends © Scoop Media CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Engaging Farmers in Fresh Water Management Next PostNext RBNZ confirms decision on convertible capital instruments Search Recent Posts Vaisala partners with DryKeep to enhance transformer moisture monitoring New Report On Global Healthcare Analytics Market 2017 Edition Pöyry awarded engineering services assignment for EPC Selection of GLEDC’s supercritical power plant in the Philippines Electric Enclosure Market Report 2017: Top Countries, Manufacturers, Types and Applications Focused Ion Beam Market Expected to Reach $4.9 billion, Globally, by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe About Contact Advertise BURN MEDIA Motorburn Because cars are gadgets Gearburn Incisive reviews for the gadget obsessed Ventureburn Startup news for emerging markets Jobsburn Digital industry jobs for the anti 9 to 5! About Contact Advertise Subscribe World Industry News Advertising & Marketing Big Tech Apple Google Microsoft Security Mobile Android iOS Apps Interviews Geek Culture TV & Movies Streaming Viral videos Memes Humour Online Fun Competitions Social Facebook Twitter Instagram WhatsApp Snapchat YouTube LinkedIn Future Tech Bio Technology Internet of Things Military Tech Space Technology Transport Virtual & Augmented Reality Jobs MenuWorld Industry News -Advertising & Marketing -Big Tech --Apple --Google --Microsoft -Security -Mobile --Android --iOS --Apps -Interviews Geek Culture -TV & Movies -Streaming -Viral videos -Memes -Humour -Online Fun -Competitions Social -Facebook -Twitter -Instagram -WhatsApp -Snapchat -YouTube -LinkedIn Future Tech -Bio Technology -Internet of Things -Military Tech -Space Technology -Transport -Virtual & Augmented Reality Jobs Trending #Covfefe: Twitter deciphers Trump’s unfinished tweet Update: Solms Delta feels Twitter’s wrath after ‘racial profiling’ incident Cape Town’s drought makes international news on CNN and Facebook 15+ SA journalists you should follow on Twitter [Digital All Stars] Donald Trump and the Western Wall star in an unlikely Twitter meme Katy Perry’s ‘Backpack Kid’ swishes his way into SNL history #BowWowChallenge: you just can’t fool the internet, even if you’re Bow Wow Industry News / Trends / Security / ‘Judy’ malware found on Google Play Store puts 36.5m users at risk By Andy Walker: Editor on 29 May, 2017 AndyWalkerSA Share Just when you thought that WannaCry would be the last of the big malware attacks to plague 2017, a new breed of nasty has appeared on the Google Play Store. And its name is Judy. According to a report published by security company CheckPoint, Judy “is an auto-clicking adware which was found on 41 apps developed by a Korean company”. The malware gets its name from the usual (and rather adorable) protagonist of the games fronting the malware. In one particular case, users can “create delicious food with Judy”. Sounds yum. Cleverly bypassing Google Play’s security measures by masquerading behind a legitimate app, Judy then phones home to its control server, downloads “JavaScript code, a user-agent string and URLs controlled by the malware author” and proceeds to opens a slew of ads on the users’ device. When users click on these ads, the attackers rack up the Google advertising revenue. Judy lurks within seemingly innocuous games and apps on infected Android devices While that doesn’t sound too bad (after all, WannaCry locked users out of their devices altogether), it gets worse: due to the malware’s perceived age on the Play Store, around 36.5-million users who downloaded these apps could be at risk. The security company is calling this one of the largest malware campaigns found on Google Play Store. “It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown,” CheckPoint reveals. Although the offending wares have since been removed from the Play Store itself, the malware is still out in the wild. What makes this malware distressing for users is that Google itself couldn’t protect its users. “Users cannot rely on the official app stores for their safety, and should implement advanced security protections capable of detecting and blocking zero-day mobile malware,” CheckPoint adds. This isn’t the first time that Google’s security measures have failed its users though, with the likes of CallJam, DressCode and Skinner all lurking on the app platform within in the past year. Author | Andy Walker: Editor Camper by day, run-and-gunner by night, Andy prefers his toast like his coffee -- dark and crunchy. Specialising in spotting the next big Instagram cat star, Andy also dabbles in smartphone and game reviews over on Gearburn. More RELATED Zomato hacked, 17m users’ personal data leaked to the dark web Edward Snowden reminds us all that he was right after WannaCry fallout Could WannaCry ransomware be linked to North Korea? Follow Us   Follow @Memeburn Listen to Us Newsletter Subscription Popular Latest Comments | June 5, 2017 #Covfefe: Twitter deciphers Trump’s unfinished tweet | June 5, 2017 Update: Solms Delta feels Twitter’s wrath after ‘racial profiling’ incident | June 5, 2017 Cape Town’s drought makes international news on CNN and Facebook | June 5, 2017 15+ SA journalists you should follow on Twitter [Digital All Stars] | June 5, 2017 Donald Trump and the Western Wall star in an unlikely Twitter meme | June 5, 2017 Katy Perry’s ‘Backpack Kid’ swishes his way into SNL history | June 5, 2017 #BowWowChallenge: you just can’t fool the internet, even if you’re Bow Wow Staff Reporter | June 4, 2017 Here’s how to watch Ariana Grande’s #OneLoveManchester concert online Andy Walker: Editor | June 3, 2017 Cape Town women ‘assaulted’ by Uber driver, ‘threatened’ by SAPS Staff Reporter | June 2, 2017 Weekly Round Up Podcast #108: Covfefe & water from fog Hadlee Simons | June 2, 2017 Watch: US successfully shoots down ICBM in ambitious test Andy Walker: Editor | June 2, 2017 Snapchat Spectacles now available in five major European cities Andy Walker: Editor | June 2, 2017 UberEATS doughnut promo in Cape Town, Joburg causes mild Twitter frenzy Andy Walker: Editor | June 2, 2017 NASA’s groundbreaking Parker Solar Probe to visit the Sun in 2025 justincredible says: Krispy Kreme isnt in Cape Town according to G... Steve Irwin says: I am sure any Capetonian would swap 4 stadium... Kim says: Great covfefage of the topic!... SpiritOfNehanda says: Obviously the pigs doing what they do best. A... priya patel says: surat is the most attractive place for touris... Charlie Boy says: cape town malletjies :-)... PHP Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) WordPress Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Front End Developer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Digital Content Manager at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Conceptual Copywriter at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Jnr-Mid Social Media Copywriter at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Senior Online Content Producer at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Copywriter (Mid) at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Junior Software Tester at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) Junior to Mid-level IT Technician at Recruit Digital (Cape Town) [ Post a job | More jobs ] Services Jobs Start-ups: Submit news Feeds RSS Email Twitter Facebook About us Memeburn focuses on everything digital in the emerging markets sphere. More about us here Copyright © Memeburn. All rights reserved. No article may be published or reproduced without prior written permission from Memeburn. More in Security Zomato hacked, 17m users' personal data leaked to the dark web Read More »
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Use Google Earth to Learn More About The Beatles Tech News Use Google Earth to Learn More About The Beatles Dave Parrack May 29, 2017 29-05-2017 1 minute Use Google Earth to Learn More About The Beatles Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google Earth is celebrating the life and times of The Beatles with a virtual tour showcasing the highlights of their career. This virtual tour makes use of Voyager, Google Earth’s storytelling platform. The result is a whistlestop tour of the most important locations The Beatles visited. Some albums are so iconic they live on after the musicians who created them have passed. So it is with Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band by The Beatles. Which has already outlived John Lennon and George Harrison (and possibly Paul McCartney too Paul is Dead: How the Internet Fueled The Beatles Conspiracy Theory Paul is Dead: How the Internet Fueled The Beatles Conspiracy Theory Did Paul McCartney, legendary musician and member of The Beatles, actually die in 1966 only to be replaced by a lookalike? Probably not, but the "Paul is Dead" conspiracy theory simply refuses to die. Read More ), and is likely to keep gaining new fans for many more decades to come. It Was 50 Years Ago This Year “It was 20 years ago today…” is the opening line of the opening track on Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band by The Beatles. However, Sgt. Pepper’s wasn’t released 20 years ago today, but 50 years ago this June (2017). And now, thanks to Google Earth, we can relive The Beatles’ career… Google has put together a Voyager tour for Beatlemaniacs everywhere. It starts at The Cavern in Liverpool, where The Beatles began their career, takes in Hamburg in Germany and Rishikesh in India, and ends in Central Park in New York where a Strawberry Fields memorial is dedicated to the memory of John Lennon. Every location is accompanied by a Street View you can spin and zoom to your heart’s content, and some interesting factual information. This includes the fact that “The Beatles first live appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show was on February 9, 1964 and attracted over 70 million viewers.” Sgt. Pepper’s Streaming Music Fans Band This virtual tour is obviously aimed at fans of The Beatles first and foremost. However, anyone who has even a passing interest in the band should be able to glean something interesting from the experience. And after you’ve completed the tour we recommend listening to The Beatles’ music Why The Beatles Embraced Streaming and Why You Should Too Why The Beatles Embraced Streaming and Why You Should Too Music fans got an early Christmas present when, on December 24th, 2015, all of The Beatles' major albums were released on Spotify, Apple Music, and other streaming services. Here's why that matters. Read More . Especially Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band. Have you ever listened to Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band? Can you believe it has been 50 years since it was released? Have you discovered The Beatles recently thanks to a music streaming service? If so, which one? Please let us know in the comments below! Image Credit: NH53 via Flickr Previous PostThis Is Why You Should Stop Using Google SearchNext Post10+ Places to Get Cool Media Clips for PowerPoint Presentations 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1475 articles Dave Parrack is a journalist from the UK. Growing up at a time when the internet was blossoming inspired his fascination with technology. With 10 years experience writing online, he's currently the Tech News writer and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. You can follow him at About.me. Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
jalopnik Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Jalopnik Reviews Foxtrot Alpha Black Flag Truck Yeah Lanesplitter The Garage Uber And Faraday Future Should Work On Autonomous Vehicles Together Ryan Felton5/29/17 5:00pm Filed to: faraday future uber car technology ride-sharing 35 1 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Photo: FF, Uber Up front, it’s probably necessary to say that I haven’t considered the financial viability of this for either party, or whether their business plans are even sound. But I think it could benefit both of them: Faraday Future and Uber, two troubled companies facing an uncertain future in different ways. should strike a deal to work on autonomous vehicles together. Uber Is Doomed If there is one quote that sums up the ethos of Uber, it might be this cut from the company’s…Read more Uber already has a $300 million partnership with Volvo, which provided 100 XC90s for the ride-hailing giant’s autonomous driving pilot program in Pittsburgh, and Volvo said it no intention of dropping it anytime soon, despite Uber’s host of problems. Those problems include an ongoing lawsuit with Google over alleged tech theft, a business model that is yet unprofitable, labor challenges and a reputation for general scumbaggery that’s getting harder and harder to wave off. Advertisement But the company’s founder Travis Kalanick believes it needs to successfully develop self-driving cars in order to survive. With competitors barreling ahead to produce fully-autonomous cars by next decade, specifically for ride-hailing purposes, Uber needs to act quick. As its high-profile litigation with Google’s self-driving car project has shown, Uber’s way behind in the race. (Uber literally admitted as much.) Of course, the Google suit over Uber allegedly stealing its autonomous tech designs could derail the ride-hailing giant’s driverless car ambitions sooner rather than later. But I’m just spitballing here. Though it’s burning through a massive amount of cash, Uber recently told Bloomberg it still has about $7 billion of cash on hand, along with $2.3 billion of credit that has yet to be tapped. Enter Faraday. Faraday’s public image has continued to deteriorate even more rapidly than Uber’s, ever since it debuted its flagship vehicle, the FF 91, in January at the CES conference. Faraday has been dealt a stream of litigation, pertaining to everything from the vehicle debut to how it ended up with its website. Construction of the startup’s factory has yet to restart, and plans for a $1 billion production facility have shrunk to a proposed “mini-factory” that could—in theory—later be expanded. And this month it emerged that Faraday’s main financier, Chinese tech conglomerate Le Eco, hasn’t been able to recover from a serious cash crunch. Last week, it announced significant layoffs for its U.S. operations and business plans going forward. Faraday’s chief financial officer said the layoffs won’t impact the startup’s ambitions, but all isn’t as optimistic as it seems. Bloomberg reported that it now needs to raise $1 billion to keep its dream alive. If this funding round is unsuccessful, the FF 91—a planned 1,050-HP supposed Tesla-killer that might cost something like $150,000 per vehicle—may never see the light of day. Advertisement Sponsored I can’t think of a startup in the auto world that’s more ripe to handle a new relationship with scandal-plagued Uber. If Uber gave up a $1 billion, it’d still have a decent amount of cash left—whether that cash keeps it afloat more than a few years is another story—and Faraday could finish its original plan for the full-size factory and get the FF 91 into production. Uber’s business model necessitates the use of autonomous vehicles, and with Faraday, it could land exclusive access to a factory that—on paper—may produce upward of 100,000 vehicles per year. Kalanick previously said it’d make a huge investment of the sort; it was reported that he’d be interested in buying 500,000 Teslas if the carmarker had a fully-autonomous vehicle ready by 2020. But there’s a would-be Tesla competitor in the waiting for Kalanick to consider, one that needs the type of cash he has access to. Advertisement The one hiccup, probably, is that the capital costs for Uber to purchase a $150,000 vehicle would probably be too much, so Faraday might need to develop a cheaper base trim for the ride-hailing network. But with Faraday’s engineers working to develop a fully-autonomous vehicle, it’d give Uber a new revenue stream through the sale of cars, while having a vehicle to bring onto its network. It’s not bulletproof, but neither is Faraday or Uber. Maybe this'll work? Faraday Future Wants To Raise A Billion Dollars Judge Spares Uber's Self-Driving Car Program, For Now The Biggest Fleet Of Autonomous Cars Ever Will Soon Be Open To The Public Ryan Felton ryan.felton@jalopnik.com @ryanfelton13 Transportation & Technology Reporter, Jalopnik PGP Fingerprint: C2D6 26D4 7E43 ADD2 9229 23F7 CE72 0426 0831 BC76|PGP Key You may also like The Concourse Stevie Wonder Is Not Blind: The Truthers' Case 10/02/14 5:30pm Gizmodo NASA's Plan to Fill the Sky With Red and Green Clouds Has Been Postponed Yesterday 5:16pm Screengrabber Warriors Win Yesterday 10:55pm Recent from Ryan Felton 146 22.5K Jalopnik · Ryan Felton Who Isn't (Allegedly) Cheating Emissions?   Friday 4:00pm 6 186 40K Jalopnik · Ryan Felton Elon Musk Says He'll Perform Same Tasks As Workers Injured At Tesla's Factory  Friday 11:15am 8 96 15.5K Jalopnik · Ryan Felton There's Going To Be Waymo (Ha Ha) Self-Driving Trucks In The Future Friday 10:04am Deals · Jillian Lucas Sunday's Best Deals: Adidas Apparel, SONOS, Yi Action Cam, and More Yesterday 10:35am Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Jalopnik Store Redirecting to the Jalopnik store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories BlackBerry KEYone Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum 2017 Ford Flex Limited 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Fitbit Charge 2 2016 Mazda MX-5 2017 GMC Acadia Denali MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS BlackBerry KEYone Philips Hue Smart Lighting System insta360 nano 360 camera for iPhone 2017 Cadillac CT6 Luxury UAG Rugged Case for Surface Book Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum Linksys VELOP Whole Home Mesh Network Fitbit Alta HR 2016 Range Rover 2016 Ford Flex Limited Timex IQ+ Move fitness tracking watch 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2016 Mazda MX-5 Sennheiser PXC-550 Bluetooth headphones 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4MATIC Sedan Sudio Regent Bluetooth headphones Samsung Gear S3 Frontier VisionTek SoundTube PRO Bluetooth speaker Fitbit Charge 2 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS « OnePlus introduces a referral program ahead of the OnePlus 5’s release | Main | Review: BlackBerry Mobile KEYone » Monday May292017 Google offering four free months of Play Music access to new subscribers Monday, May 29, 2017 at 5:29PM Google is giving away one extra month free for new subscribers to its Play Music service. It’s usually a 90-day free trial but they seem to be trying something different for now. There isn’t any indication this would be a permanent thing or it’ll be something temporary but if you’re thinking of using Google’s music subscription service, now might be the best time to try it out. You can scan up to 50,000 songs from Google’s music library. There is a free tier of the service but it comes with ads. If you pay US$9.99 per month or $14.99 for a family account, you won’t be hearing ads and you get to listen to over 35 million songs, download these music for offline listening, and have access to YouTube Red. Source: The Verge Nicole Batac | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Google Play Music Email Article in Android apps, Google Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories BlackBerry KEYone Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum 2017 Ford Flex Limited 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class Fitbit Charge 2 2016 Mazda MX-5 2017 GMC Acadia Denali MacBook Pro (late 2016) Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 2017 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS BlackBerry KEYone Philips Hue Smart Lighting System insta360 nano 360 camera for iPhone 2017 Cadillac CT6 Luxury UAG Rugged Case for Surface Book Motorola Moto G5 Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ 2017 Cadillac XT5 Platinum Linksys VELOP Whole Home Mesh Network Fitbit Alta HR 2016 Range Rover 2016 Ford Flex Limited Timex IQ+ Move fitness tracking watch 2016 Hyundai Sonata Hybrid 2017 Mazda CX-9 Signature 2016 Mazda MX-5 Sennheiser PXC-550 Bluetooth headphones 2017 Mercedes-Benz C-Class 4MATIC Sedan Sudio Regent Bluetooth headphones Samsung Gear S3 Frontier VisionTek SoundTube PRO Bluetooth speaker Fitbit Charge 2 2017 GMC Acadia Denali Apple AirPods Apple MacBook Pro (Late 2016) 808 Game of Thrones Season Six Blu-Ray Michelin Premier all-season tires Tom Tom Spark 3 Cardio + Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS « The father of Android stages a comeback with the Essential Phone | Main | OnePlus introduces a referral program ahead of the OnePlus 5’s release » Monday May292017 Google introduces Personal tab in Search  Monday, May 29, 2017 at 5:45PM   Sometimes when you use Google Search, you’d want to look up items from your own files. Google Search is making it easier for users of its Search app. The tech company introduces a Personal tab on Search on the web or your mobile gadget (but according to Android Authority it isn’t showing up on the Google app for Android yet). It’s accessible through the More dropdown menu. From there, you’ll be shown all relevant emails, videos, photos, and the like related to the topic you’ve searched for. And don’t worry, no one else will be able to search for your files. There’s even a message on the search results saying “Only you can see these results.” At the moment though, there doesn’t seem to be support for Google Drive and Keep yet but it’s assumed it’ll be coming soon Nicole Batac | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Google, Search news Email Article in Apps & Launches, Breaking news, app news Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2017 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 160 Plus 1 on G+ 76 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares300 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh abc Gee, you're an idiot. Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. abc lol, butthurt fanboy. catalysto So brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. abc fanboy's bum hurts. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? abc lol. It must be nice being American. In your tiny world, everyone either supports Trump or Hillary. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It must be nice being American. http://i.onionstatic.com/avclub/2294/30/16x9/960.jpg aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? abc No.1 in spam!! 'Murica, fuck yeah! Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I work from ease and comfort of my house, with quick tasks that only require from you a Computer system together with connection to the internet and I am also pleasant than ever before... After six months with this project and therefore i acquired compensated overall Thirty six Thousand dollars... Mainly I get near eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs daily.And tremendous factor regarding this job is usually that you can arrange your time whenever you work and for how long as you may like and you earn a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? derp_cookies About 4 at the moment. D.Smithee *crickets* abc Good. Can't wait for it to die. One less piece of Google bloatware on my phone. Gabby Now if we could only get the same examination of Disqus spam. Almost all of it looks so similar that their continuing failure to block it makes me suspect they are actually profiting from the spam somehow. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.331s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Co.Design Newsletter Subscribe Cities Graphics Innovation By Design Interactive Product Spaces fast company homepage technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design homepage cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Work Smart The apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder. FastCo.Works Studio An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 05.22.17 Google’s 3 Secrets To Designing Perfect Conversations First of all, try to be human. By Mark Wilson6 minute Read We’ve all been frustrated when talking to a computer. Maybe it can’t understand what you’re saying. Maybe it hears you, but doesn’t understand what you mean. Or maybe it’s just a tedious chat with a cloying personality with whom you’d never choose to associate in real life. advertisement Such are the problems of designing voice interfaces. In theory, voice is the ultimate medium–one people don’t have to learn to use. “Users are instant experts. There’s nothing to teach, or at least there shouldn’t be,” says Daniel Padgett, conversational design lead at Google. “It’s something that they’ve been doing forever. Because of that, they have high expectations.” However, the fact that human speech is so nuanced and contextually driven makes a serious challenge for any designer or company looking to break into this new medium. And voice interfaces aren’t just for companies like Google, Microsoft, Amazon, and Apple anymore. Now that more and more businesses actually build their own chatbots for shopping and customer support, it’s a skill more companies need to learn. At Google’s big I/O conference last week, conversational experts from across the company gave half a dozen different talks about the best practices of designing dialogs between people and computers. We listened in–and compiled the best bits into three overarching tips. Learn From Great Conversationalists To designers who are delving into building conversing bots for the first time, Padgett offers a useful metaphor beyond two people talking. “If you can imagine, it’s like the critical elements of your mobile app disappearing as soon as they appeared,” says Padgett, “[with] the back button, the hamburger menu, kind of fading away. Content appearing once and only for a fleeting moment.” [Image: Google]Why is this important? Because designers tend to think in visual solutions for UX. But they’re wildly different. In a conversation, a user doesn’t always know their “outs,” or options, simply because they cannot be seen. There’s no menu, no back button, no graphical user interface at all. Instead, as a designer, your only fallbacks are the social norms with which we all speak (like saying hello or goodbye), the prompts you give a user through spoken language (like asking their name or another piece of information), and what a user might remember from recent conversations with the bot itself. If that sounds complicated, perhaps another metaphor is in order. Having spent 20 years at Pixar, Oren Jacob, founder of chat tech company Pullstring, argues that the entire industry is focused too much on using artificial intelligence to make it possible to anticipate what a human being might potentially ask at any moment–and not enough on carefully written conversation, filled with characters built from dialogs, that unfolds just like a Hollywood script.  advertisement “You can think about this space as interactive screenwriting,” says Jacob. “We’re responsible for lines one, three, five, and seven, but not two, four, six, and eight.” The even numbered lines, of course, belong to the users. One secret to making sure that line one leads to two, and two leads to three, comes from James Giongola, creative lead on conversation design and voice direction at Google. He recommends that chat designers take advantage of the rules baked into the Cooperative Principle,  a concept created by British philosopher Paul Grice in the 1970s. Grice theorized that people employ all sorts of norms (which are known as Grice’s Maxims) to make sure that conversations flow normally. These maxims serve as simple hacks for anyone writing robo-conversations–the key is to make sure your bot is always offering enough information to keep a conversation going. What does that mean in practice? Well, if you asked someone if they were going to a friend’s party tonight, they probably wouldn’t just say “no” and leave it at that. They’d say “no, but are you?” or “no, I have another date.” They would offer a hook to keep the flow of conversation going. Hide “Errors” The Same Way People Do If you’re in a loud bar, and you miss what your companion says, sometimes it’s worth stopping the conversation and asking them to repeat themselves. But sometimes–let’s be honest–their observation or factoid seems less crucial than just keeping the pace and fun of the conversation going. So you keep talking, even though you missed bit. “If you don’t need information . . . move on, pivot, or gracefully end [the conversation],” advises Nandini Stocker, conversation design lead at Google. [Image: Google]To be clear, Google will almost always re-ask a question it misses in its apps, using a tool called “rapid reprompts.” A reprompt is the same question being asked again with different phrasing–and it can be as simple as “what did you say?” “But . . . you can imagine if you don’t catch something the first time, and the second time, that becomes pretty tiresome pretty quickly,” says Stocker. And in these instances? She says it’s worth asking yourself, as a designer or developer, if you need that information anyway, or if you can make certain assumptions to operate around it. If someone is booking a table at a restaurant, and you miss the number of people in their party, can you at least continue the conversation by assuming it will be less than 20. advertisement However, it’s not always the case that errors should be swept under the rug. It is sometimes worth taking the extra line of dialog to clarify if the information is crucial. “I’ll hear a lot of people say, ‘oh, it’s an extra step,'” says Padgett. “But believe me, taking that extra step is way better than the correction [someone’s] going to have to do if you get it wrong.”  Don’t Fear Strong Personalities In real life, it can be hard to connect to someone who doesn’t seem to have any opinion or world view, no passions or strong preferences. The same goes for chatbots. “If I built a [bot] that appealed to absolutely everybody, it would be the most boring thing in the world,” says Jacob. But what’s the alternative? “Do we [recreate] Darth Vader? . . . That is the challenge of the space.” Deciding just who your character is will come down to your identity as a brand, Jacob said. But it’s worth thinking deeply about how your brand’s personality acts. In fact, Brad Abrams, group product manager for the Google Assistant Platform, revealed that Google has discovered that the conversational bots with the best retention also had the strongest personas. [Image: Google]To build their own bot for the Google I/O app, Abrams and the team created a “persona sheet,” which is a tool that serves as a shorthand reference to how a bot talks. It specifies different phrasing decisions that their bot might make, like saying “more” rather than “additional,” along with all sorts of other more casual phrases. As the team splits up to actually write line after line of dialog, they could reference their persona sheet for ease of use. In another example–a trivia app–Stocker took the persona idea even further, building out a teacher named Mr. Montgomery complete with a little avatar. “He would be the type of character who is super encouraging, [saying] ‘you got this!’ He’s a teacher!,” says Stocker. So Mr. Montgomery has 50 different randomized ways of saying “you’re right,” and 30 encouraging ways to say “you’re wrong.” But bots don’t always need to be merely supportive. Stocker argues that there are many instances where errors–like a Google Home not hearing its user–could be obfuscated by a bot with a stronger personality. One example she gave? A reservation app asks the time you’d like to have dinner. If the bot doesn’t understand the response, it can go into a more proactive mode, saying, “I can put you down for 6:30–does that work?” saving several steps of back and forth.  advertisement So just like humans, your bot should be quick on its feet–even if it doesn’t understand exactly what’s going on. About the author Mark Wilson is a senior writer at Fast Company. He started Philanthroper.com, a simple way to give back every day. More Co.Design Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Product This Joystick Floats In Midair (And Controls Your Whole Life) Product WWDC 2017: The Ultimate Test Of Voice Interfaces Product The Ultimate Productivity Tool: A Robotic Third Arm advertisement Video The Agency Behind Obama's Campaign On Working With Purpose This Food Delivery Service Is Trying To Bring The Restaurant Experience To Your Door Today's Designers Are Literally Making Garbage Helvetica Is Not Only A Font, It's Now A Coffee Icrave Is Revolutionizing The Treatment Experience For People With Cancer Snøhetta Believes Buildings Should Reflect Culture, Not Appropriate It Pentagram's Secret Is That Its Partners Share Everything OCD Design Believes Honesty Is The Key To Creative Success R/GA Is Revolutionizing How You Can Design Your Next Pair Of Nikes How This Design Firm Is Revolutionizing Experiences The Best Gear For Going Off The Grid This Gun-Mounted Camera Could Help Increase Police Accountability Ideas Ideas If These Giant Companies Can Switch To The Circular Economy, So Can Anyone Ideas Does The History Of The Doomsday Clock Make You Feel Better Or Worse About Right Now? Ideas By Pulling Out Of The Paris Agreement, Trump Just Threw Away America’s Biggest Business Opportunity Entertainment Entertainment The End Is Here: An Exit Interview With “The Leftovers” Creator Damon Lindelof Entertainment “Fear And Loathing” In The Perfect Pint Video: This Week In Music Entertainment Demetri Martin Made This Movie To Tell a Story The Way He Couldn’t Onstage Co.Design Product This Joystick Floats In Midair (And Controls Your Whole Life) Product WWDC 2017: The Ultimate Test Of Voice Interfaces Cities The Ambitious Project To Study Disasters From Space Fast Company Leadership Dear Art School Grads, Do What You Love—But Never For Free Leadership Can This Detroit Twentysomething Change The Democratic Party Before Politics Changes Him? Technology How Intel Is Using VR To Try To Change Sports Viewing Now And Into The Future Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
MON, JUN 05, 2017 | 11 °C Fog Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 3 hours ago Twelve arrested in London’s night of terror; Islamic State claims attack that killed 7 British police arrested a dozen people Sunday in a widening terrorism... Latest News SEE MORE Christine Archibald identified as Canadian victim in London terror attack Spike in violent Hamilton home invasions tied to drugs Christie nearing settlement in nurse’s Ebola quarantine Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown Jun 02, 2017 Stelco Decision day for 1005 is Tuesday United Steelworkers Local 1005 members weigh in on restructuring plan for... Latest Business News SEE MORE Hamilton company gets federal money for vehicle emissions technology Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year Panelists announced for LRT seminar LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 1 hour ago Mississippi State ousts South Alabama from NCAAs, 7-3 Mississippi State ousts South Alabama from NCAAs, 7-3 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Louisville holds off Xavier 8-7 to win regional championship Baseball Capsules Davidson ousts UNC, wins regional in 1st NCAA Tournament Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 4 hours ago Art Gallery of Burlington features mid-century Canadian kitchen pottery Exhibition focuses on an especially creative period in Canadian functional... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Wonder Woman conquers milestone with $100.5-million debut Bill Maher apologizes for using racial slur on ‘Real Time’ Harry Styles asked to be brand ambassador for SheWee Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines May 31, 2017 The Spectator's view: Papal apology worth asking for Forgive us our sins. Forgive us our trespasses. Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment Jun 02, 2017 2017 Kia Optima earns highest safety marks from IIHS The 2017 Kia Optima has earned an IIHS Top Safety Pick+ award. Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Burlington CNC manufacturer celebrates 6,000th router table sale 'Ribbon of Asphalt' irresistible for drivers, cyclists, runners Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 5 hours ago The Big Dig at the Gage Park Tropical Greenhouse They started lining up at 7 a.m. with their tubs, pots, blue boxes and... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE A baby girl. A baffling disease. And the only way to help her is to hurt her Teach your kids about Ramadan with these books At 75, Dale Chihuly discusses struggles with mental health Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days At Costa’s Wine Country, they put their best grape forward Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 63% off Photo Prints discount: 63% | value: $122.00 | You Save: $77.00 Time Remaining: 2 Days Long-time Hamilton entrepreneur the driving force behind Kee2 Collections Home News Business Amazon, Alphabet set to join ‘$1,000 Stock Club’ | May 29, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Amazon, Alphabet set to join ‘$1,000 Stock Club’ Amazon Spencer Platt,Getty Images People enter the new Amazon Books store in New York City on opening day last Thursday. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Adam Shell Wall Street's exclusive "$1,000 Stock Club" could soon be welcoming two new members. The stock prices of online retailer Amazon.com and Google parent Alphabet are within a few bucks of $1,000, the latest sign that big, dominant tech companies are driving the U.S. market higher. At their peak Friday, Amazon shares hovered around $999, while Internet search giant Alphabet topped $996. (Google first crossed the $1,000 threshold in 2013.) So should Main Street investors cheer when a company passes the $1,000 milestone, or worry? Many Wall Street pros say the figure is just a marker that catches people's attention and has little bearing on the future performance of either the companies or market. But these fast-rising stock prices do raise some yellow flags, even for people with index funds diversified across the broad U.S. economy. For sure, topping a share price of $1,000 is a "trophy" for companies and a clear "sign of success, domination and growth," says Dan Seiver, professor of economics at Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, in California. Only seven U.S. stocks are trading above that milestone, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices, but three generate very little trading activity. Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway is the highest-priced stock at $248,540 as of Friday's close. Markets in the United States were closed for the Memorial Day holiday. Amazon, which is up more than 30 per cent this year and 1,500 per cent since the current bull market for stocks began in 2009, is riding its success as a dominant force in shopping and as a key player in artificial intelligence, where it is best known for its Echo device. Amazon is also huge in the fast-growing "cloud" computing business. Alphabet's Google is the biggest player in the online ad search space. One potential negative is that Amazon's and Alphabet's commanding positions are the latest signs that the U.S. stock market is being driven by a few big stocks, which makes it vulnerable if they fall out of favour and their shares turn lower. Major stock indexes like the Standard & Poor's 500 and Nasdaq are weighted by a company's market value. That means the more valuable the company, the bigger the effect it has on the index, both up and down. The five biggest stocks in the S&P 500 (Amazon ranks No. 2 and Alphabet is No. 5) have accounted for nearly one-third of the large-company index's eight per cent gain this year, says Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices. "It tells you how much narrower the market has become and how much influence (Amazon and Alphabet) have on the stock indexes," says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management. If this trend continues, it could be a cause for concern, as "eventually the market (takes down) the big dogs." Michael Farr, president of money-management firm Farr Miller & Washington, warns that investors buying "passive" funds that track indexes like the S&P 500 might have more exposure to tech than they think. "The investment implications of this trend are profound," Farr says. "Investors who think they're getting broad exposure through the purchase of an ETF that tracks the S&P 500 may not know that they are heavily concentrated in a few stocks." A market led by a small group of highly valued companies, he adds, could be a sign of an "aging" bull market. "Participation by a broader base of stocks in a wide range of industries shows conviction in the economic outlook," Farr explains, "as well as the ability of U.S. companies to grow earnings." When a stock gets very high, it's also less affordable for individual investors. "It makes the stock a little less accessible in the eye of the retail investor," says Lindsey Bell, market strategist at CFRA, a Wall Street research firm. When a company gets as expensive as Amazon, she believes it should consider splitting its stock to make it more affordable, as Amazon did three times in the late 1990s. And Apple, for example, in June 2014, did a 7-for-1 stock split which increased its pool of shares by seven times and reduced each share's price from roughly $645 to $92. Paul Hickey, co-founder of Bespoke Investment Group, sees one benefit to a stock being out of reach for most investors: "It could lessen volatility (or wild price swings)," he says. "With a higher share price, there is a tendency to see less 'fast' money going in and out of the stock." One Wall Street pro equates pricey shares with a frothy market. "When I hear a stock is at $1,000 I always think it's a bubble no matter what the company," says Chris Rupkey, chief financial economist at MUFG Union Bank. Alphabet is trading at nearly 35 times earnings, nearly double the price-to-earnings ratio of the S&P 500. Amazon's price-to-earnings ratio is north of 180 times earnings. "These stock valuations are pretty high," Rupkey says. "Investors better hope these two companies business models are sustainable for the long haul." USA Today | Latest News Local  Spike in violent Hamilton home invasions tied to drugs Snapshot Local  Hamilton police search for answers in weekend homicide Snapshot Canada  Ottawa vigilant as Canada 150 birthday party looms after London attack: mayor Snapshot World  Christine Archibald identified as Canadian victim in London terror attack Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Local VIDEO: Battle of Stoney Creek re-enactment Local VIDEO: The Tenors preform at RBG Local CityLife: Buskers infest Dundas Local Video: Over the edge The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Hamilton police search for answers in weekend homicide Two Hamilton residents among three charged in Peace Bridge drug bust Hamilton firefighters battle two blazes, including one at former Embassy nightclub ‘I think I dated a serial killer!’ says Saskatchewan woman who knew Elizabeth Wettlaufer Police seek missing Burlington man who made alarming text messages In Your Neighbourhood Today Legal Matters: Can you fire someone whose poor performance might be the result of a medical issue? Question: We have an employee who has not told us he has a medical condition. He has missed six... The perfect recipe for a family gathering Anniversaries tend to bring people together, especially when it's a big milestone — and Catelli... Understanding Ontario's 'move over' law You're driving down a multi-lane road and you see emergency crews stopped at the roadside — Abrams... An Artist’s Touch: More than just great painting Burlington’s An Artist’s Touch has a proud history of over 25 years in residential and commercial... Plan eases high costs of transporting a loved one home for a funeral service Dignity Memorial in Hamilton knows you can't time someone's death — and that means it can happen... Early orthodontic care can benefit your child for life Braces are a great tool for correcting bite problems and tooth alignment in adults, but kids can... The Smart Money: Do Insiders Have An Advantage? Welcome to The Smart Money, a podcast where we analyze everyday beliefs about money to see if they... Real estate headlines often obscure market facts Judy Marsales Realty has built a reputation in the Hamilton and Burlington area as a real estate... You can win big at the area's biggest bingo hall If you don't think you can win a lot of cash playing bingo, then you've never been to Six Nations... Legal Matters: Multi-generational living Question: My son and his wife have asked me to move in with them. Should I speak to my lawyer... WEALTH MATTERS: An Investment in You I founded Nest Wealth because I firmly believed Canadians deserved a better option when it came to... How to Prepare for a Bear Market I want to share a great analogy I heard recently, one that most Canadians can relate to… Being... Garage sale gems to upgrade your apartment Decorating your rental apartment doesn't mean you need to buy designer trinkets or have a... Legal Matters: Attention non-profits: Act fast to comply with new regulations Question: My Non-profit organization has not transitioned to the Canada Not-for-profit... Decorate and secure your business with professional fencing Whether you need it for security or for purely aesthetic purposes, Crispline Fence Systems in... The sandwich years: 6 money mistakes to avoid in your 40s and 50s Your career has taken off but is more demanding than ever. Your kids are growing up and your... Saving Matters: For Parents with New Priorities For years, shopping meant getting something fun for the kids — but now they're old enough to amuse... Create the perfect Easter planter For many, when Easter weekend rolls around, we are reminded that spring has arrived. The weather... Buying a home means understanding what’s involved Judy Marsales Realty is an independent real estate brokerage serving Hamilton, Dundas, Ancaster,... Cleaner air with Terra Greenhouses Bringing nature into our homes has never been easier with the help of TERRA Greenhouses. With the... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal 58% off Chicken Strips $25 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal 40% off Breaded Chicken Parmesan $27 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS Five things to watch for in Canadian business Stelco Decision day for 1005 is Tuesday Hamilton company gets federal money for vehicle emissions technology Morneau to meet with US counterpart next week Google’s Chrome browser to block some ads starting next year PreviousNext PC leader Patrick Brown to speak at Burlington chamber luncheon Husky Oil to proceed with West White Rose project off Newfoundland TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boost Local Opens Office In West Lake Village Near Los Angeles A highly skilled premier Google partner agency has opened an office in West Lake Village, near Los Angeles. If you’re looking for a professional, friendly SEO team who can take care of just about every aspect of your online marketing strategy, you have found it. The Services Offered By Boost Local Boost local offer a plethora of online marketing services that can be used by businesses of all types and sizes. • SEO • Conversion optimization • Responsive web design • Content marketing • Pay per click marketing • Ecommerce SEO • Social media marketing And so much more! Helping You To Get Found On The First Page Boost local offer their professional services to people who want to start showing up on the first page of Google and other search engines. Most business owners know that these pages are where the money is, so this is what you should aim for. Boost Local can help to increase organic search traffic, and aim to  achieve 1st page rankings on highly competitive keywords. They can discuss a plan of attack with you depending on your goals and industry.   Why Work With Boost Local? There are an abundance of SEO companies out there, so why should you work with Boost Local? Selecting Boost Local means you get to work with SEO rankings experts, and make sure you’re getting found online for the right search terms. There are no long term contracts to tie you into anything, and total transparency. Many online marketing companies will attempt to dazzle their clients with complex terminology, but Boost Local aim to help their clients see through all of that. Boost Local also put a special emphasis on customer support • they are always available to talk to clients.   Resources As well as their professional services and expertise, Boost Local have helpful resources on site that can assist you in your efforts further. Seo terminology can be confusing, but Boost Local attempt to help you understand it on their website. Analytics and rank tracking are two things you can do to make sure your campaign is going the way you want it to, and they show you have to do this too. Boost Local guarantee a strong online presence for you with their years of experience and expertise. You can get a free consultation today. Just give Boost Local a call! Media Contact Company Name: BoostLocal Contact Person: Blake Cooley Email: press@boost-local.com Phone: 702-945-0260 Country: United States Website: http://boost-local.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputers & Software, Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Insurance Telematics Market: Basic Influencing Factors Driving the growth in International market detail analysis in New Research Report Next PostNext Global CD Player Market 2017 : Focus on Industry, Growth, Size, Share, Dynamic Research Analysis, Trend, Forecast – Acute Market Reports Search Recent Posts RF Amplifier Chips Market: Dynamics, Segments, Size and Demand, 2017-2022 Global Volumetric Soil Moisture Sensor Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Oil Mist Separator Industry Continues Explosive Growth by 2022 Samenvatting: Murata verwerft ID-Solutions in Italië Samenvatting: Murata verwerft ID-Solutions in Italië Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google will announce Assistant for iOS soon, in the US only at launch David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/05/15 7:28am PDTMay 15, 2017 127 Plus 1 on G+ 279 Share on Facebook 206 Share on Twitter Total Shares612 Applications Exclusives News Rumors According to a trusted source, Google plans to announce that the Google Assistant will be launching on iOS soon as a standalone app. The announcement could come as soon as Google's I/O conference this week, but it's unclear exactly what Google's plans are at this time. The app would likely feature a blend of the "chat" style functionality in the Google Allo version of Assistant and the voice-controlled version found on Android, but again, details are scant. We do know that the Assistant for iOS will only be available in the US at launch, and that Google plans to make the announcement in fairly short order. I/O would be a pretty ideal venue for such a launch, as Assistant's SDK was just made available to developers late last month. Bringing the Assistant to the world's second-largest mobile OS would likely encourage more developers to integrate with the app's functionality. As we learn more about this story, we'll bring it to you. For now, just know that Assistant on iOS is imminent. While we are labeling this story a "rumor" because we don't know what Google's exact timeframe for announcing this news is, we're highly confident that the information we were provided is accurate. Tags assistant assistant ios google assistant google assistant ios google assistant iphone subscribe ... Previous Story Waymo and Lyft to team up on self-driving car technology ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: SMS authentication process gets streamlined Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments TechGuy22 Welcome to the Beta, IOS users. Martin You are wrong. Beta is on Android. We test it, then they release it better working on iOS... We keep testing... :-)) Bewear Sad, but true. JD Correction. Google services is always beta. When something is about to Go Gold they shut it down and offer 3 competing products. Because Fuck you that's why. - Google. Filipe Santos You won! King_Android Naw, iOS users would have the first Alpha version of GA while we wait for the rollout to hit our Android devices. Maxwell “Max” Weinbach I have had it for months. S7 Edge and Nexus 6P ADofCLE He's referring to the typical release of Google services. He was being sarcastic. rohiggidy google now/voice search is on IOS. We all expected this MaximumFish "In the US only at launch". Isn't that *still* the case for the Android version? No-one I know if the UK has got it yet, except Pixel users obviously. I've given up checking for it now. Winston Indonesian here. ALL of my devices have it. Since 2 months ago or so. krazyfrog Got it from the day they announced. You probably just need to clear your Google Play services cache or change device language to English US. Alex Yes, I believe that changing the device language to "English US" works, but that's pretty much stating that it's still US only, as you have to pretend to be from US. Shahin Just adding it as a second option works, provided you setup Assistant with US only first. That way you don't have to deal with US Englizh. MaximumFish Thinking about it, I get the sneaky suspicion that I don't have it due to having a Google Apps account. I wish they'd offer a route to migrate from Apps to a standard account. Maleko Adding US English as a second language worked for me just, thanks for the tip! Hyperionite Indonesian here. Using English US as my default language. My device have it. Running Android 6 at the moment Latheryin Won't mean much as Apple will still leverage the use of its own over Google. Heck most android users don't use it what makes them think iPhone users will. Martin Because Google are dumb ducks... I use it, but would use it a lot more, if they make it again to Wake up the assistant from the lock screen on any device... Miss so much from my iPhone being able to say "Hey Siri" and set alarm/timer/call even without touching my phone... And not everyone wants to use Pixel phones... :) David Slawotsky Use Trusted Voice in Settings. That will allow you. Martin I guess this is only for Pixel phones. I don't have this in my settings :) Alex Trusted Voice is part of Google's Smart Lock -- it's not just for Pixel. On my stock Galaxy S7, it's under Settings > Lock screen and security > Secure lock settings > Smart Lock Latheryin To be honest I have it on my nexus and never use. It just not something I need. Let alone want to broadcast what I am doing to every one around me. It is almost as bad as people talking on speaker phone in public. Martin It's personal thing. Some will use it, some wont.. :-)) Latheryin I, see a lot less people wanting to use it on IOS. Won't be enough integration when compared. To siri. To be honest they should just keep the AI on the platform they were made for. We all saw how Apple music did on Android. AbbyZFresh Your point. Apple has Siri and Spotlight embedded in their phone and yet the Google search app is one of the most downloaded in the App Store. Latheryin Those numbers seldom mean real downloads and use. Things like download counts and reviews are seldom accurate with places selling downloads and reviews for really cheap Leandro Brandão I wish I could replace Siri with google assistant. Julie Ankrom I don't want either one. I just want "OK google" and doing a search directly, or giving orders directly. I played with Google Assistant for a while and it just adds a middleman. Leandro Brandão I never used assistant, I thought it was a better ok google. Google app always understands me and give me correct answers. JD If anything it's a worse Google Now. but it speaks more naturally? So I guess that's a good thing? I don't even fucking know anymore. OligarchyAmbulance Assistant is activated with "Ok, Google" and does what you are asking for. In what way is it worse or a "middle man" to Google Now (which it replaced)? destinyhud right when i am trying to replace my ipad with Chromebook detachable. i have hopes for Chromebook C2 at IO SupahNin10doh Thank bliming bob! I hate Siri sooo much. SupahNin10doh Now if they'd also bring it to MacOS Ghostx7x And then to Windows 10 Leonardo Baez Soooo I'm on Nexus 6P and have no assistant yet, but iphone is getting it? Outrageous Cat Astrophy http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/03/02/google-assistant-coming-android-6-0-devices/ If your phone doesn't have it blame your cell provider, not Google. Leonardo Baez I have a 6P bougjt unlocked directly from google... Why should I blame my provider? Filipe Santos You have if you choose the supported languages, otherwise no. I changed but if you have your second language, your native language messages will be spoken so damn bad you can't understand or speak sh*t RickJ How does Google expect anyone to want switch from​ iPhone to their phone when they​ keep giving everything away to Apple for free? Keep some things to yourself, Google! Some exclusive incentives for them to switch. Adam Margeson Google doesn't care about switching people to Android. They only care about getting customer data. They can sort-of do that if they keep getting their apps over to iOS. And then provide subtle hints that "Android integrates all of this to make things easier... if you care to switch over." (Not to say that they do integrate things better... just look at the Assistant-on-different-devices fiasco) lauski I'd agree they don't care AS MUCH, but they do care to some degree... Look, they officially have entered the hardware business with the pixels. Right now you're right-- whatever sales they might marginalize are far outweighed by marketing dollars and customer info. The opposite is true for Apple, which is why we won't be enjoying an official iMessage and Facetime release on the Play Store any time soon... RickJ Thanks for the answer, that makes sense. Zach Mauch I might at the "[Exclusive]" to this just so i is obvious that it is info from AP. Artem Russakovskii "I might at the "[Exclusive]" to this just so i is obvious that it is info from AP." A little attention when typing? Régis Knechtel https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b02bffe886fcaf1c5490199c0b7fa03f201960050d66218052c281973c4f9283.gif ADofCLE I knew this was coming. They always release their products on iOS. Even though it really doesn't do anything Google Now already does. Cakefish I haven't even got it on my non-Pixel UK Android phone yet. DragoCubed Surprised yet not surprised they did this. I just wished they'd keep some more android exclusives. Nicholas C YES! I am 95% google here but have an iPhone after the whole Note7 shitstorm JD Too bad you still can't use a default assistant other than Siri. I would totally use Google Now if I could. Fucking Hate Siri that useless hunk of code. Filipe Santos Google stop being an a$$hole, why the hell you release an iOS app if you don't even release on the rest of the languages first or countries? Do you only care about profit? Damn ****** ..... jawsnnn Off topic... It was reported months ago that GA was rolling out to Nexus devices. Is that still happening? Does anyone know? Dave Cremin Lol and I haven't even got it in my 6P. Ridiculous. Chris How??? My Sony Z3 on 6.0.1 has had it for a while Brad Wilson I put the Google app on my home screen, because it's so much better than Siri. It's worth the extra step to press the button. I hope that Google assistant becomes better than what I'm using now. Premsuraj Can someone explain to me why the Voice Actions on Google Now can work with a lot of languages including hotword support, but Google Assistant only works with US & UK English? Shouldn't the voice detection be a separate component that can work with any voice assistant? Or atleast they should be able to easily reuse the current implementation Teja I got Assistant on my Oneplus 3 few weeks back, I resetted my device few days back and its gone. Its been 5 days and I'm still waiting to see it. Can anyone help? mike shwilly Ok Google, what is this song? Affan Vohra the real question, will people use it in alternate to SIRI, personally i feel google AI works much better and is real competition to SIRI, how is Apple letting it release in IOS.. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.327s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed Google to slap warnings on non-HTTPS sites 09 Sep 2016 34 Cryptography, Google Post navigation Previous: Scammers sent to the slammer for romance and secret shopping fraud Next: Monday review – the hot 18 stories of the week by Lisa Vaas 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit How do you shame an unencrypted website? The bard might advise that your sites be foul, undigested lumps, and the developers scullions! Rampallians! Fustilarians! Then he’d likely threaten to tickle their catastrophes and their venomous toad-tainted nonencryptiousness. Google Chrome, on the other hand, plans to strip it down: starting in January 2017, the browser will start flagging some unencrypted sites as plain old “Not Secure.” OK. Well. It’s a start. The “NS” label is the first step in Google’s eventual plan to shame all sites that don’t use encryption. On Thursday, Emily Schechter, of the Chrome Security Team, said on the official Google security blog that the first step is to flag HTTP sites that transmit passwords or credit cards. Then, it’s on to all the other obscene, greasy tallow-catches. Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More Google’s been pushing toward all-HTTPS for a while now. In March 2014, during the unveiling of the ever-widening NSA/GCHQ/FBI/et al surveillance state, Google started using an always-on HTTPS connection and encrypting all Gmail messages moving internally on its servers. At that time, only 50% of requests handled by Google were encrypted. That meant that some of the web’s most trafficked locations were vulnerable: major news sites, for example, where intruders tinkering with content or spying on us could have major repercussions. The percentage of encrypted sites has gradually climbed over the past two years. In March, Google’s Transparency Report said that it was securing 75% of our non-YouTube internet traffic. The company also said that its aim was to hold itself accountable and to encourage others to encrypt so the web would be all that much safer for everyone. That 75% obviously reflected progress over two years, but it still left 25% of traffic “in the clear,” as cryptographers put it. That means that the HTTP sites aren’t using the encryption that’s commonly referred to as HTTPS. When a site’s using it, a browser’s address bar will show a padlock. Without the S added to “HTTP” and the padlock, traffic is traveling without the encryption standard, Transport Layer Security (TLS). It’s important to note that HTTPS isn’t only about confidentiality – which is how most people think of encryption – but also about authenticity and integrity, which in many cases are even more important. This means that, without HTTPS, eavesdroppers can not only access the data flowing over the internet, seeing everything we do on a site, but can also intercept it and manipulate it. When traffic is unencrypted, it opens up our online activities to anyone using the same Wi-Fi at the local coffee shop, who can steal our passwords or banking information. It also enables our online activity to be tracked and sold to advertisers by Internet Service Providers (ISPs). It allows both governments and cybercriminals to keep an eye on what sites we’re visiting and what we’re reading, as well to alter what we see and where we go, whether that’s to censor content or to divert our banking transactions to the wrong recipients. Beyond the uptick in encrypted traffic, there have been other improvements: Google recently hit a milestone with more than half of Chrome desktop page loads now served over HTTPS. In addition, since February, when Google released a report on which top sites were using HTTPS, twelve more of the top 100 websites changed their serving default from HTTP to HTTPS. As it now stands, Chrome indicates HTTP connections with a neutral indicator that doesn’t even hint at the true lack of security for HTTP connections, Schechter explained. Here’s the plan: starting in January with Chrome 56, password or credit card form fields on non-encrypted sites will be labeled “not secure.” Then, in following releases, those HTTP warnings will be extended: for example, by labelling HTTP pages as “not secure” in Incognito mode, where users may have higher expectations of privacy. Eventually, all HTTP pages will be labeled non-secure, and the HTTP security indicator will change to the red triangle/exclamation mark that Google uses for broken HTTPS. Sounds great, for sure, and hopefully Google will manage to do it in a way that users won’t ignore. As Google is no doubt aware, people ignore security alerts up to 87% of the time. Google isn’t pretending that encryption is easy, but it does offer reassurances that it’s not quite as onerous, or expensive, as it’s previously been. Google notes that encryption also enables both the best performance the web offers and powerful new features that are too sensitive for HTTP. Google’s offering set-up guides to get started. So, obviously, developers, be you as chaste as ice, as pure as snow, but still you turn from encryption, you shall not escape calumny. Get you to an encryptionery. Go! Farewell! We hope to welcome you anon soon to the land of HTTPS! Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @LisaVaas http https Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: Scammers sent to the slammer for romance and secret shopping fraud Next: Monday review – the hot 18 stories of the week About the author Lisa Vaas I've been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. I rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash, joined the freelancer economy, and am still writing for my beloved peeps at places like Sophos's Naked Security, CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output. I respond to cash and spicy sites, so don't be shy. 34 comments on “Google to slap warnings on non-HTTPS sites” Kyle Saia says: September 9, 2016 at 4:49 pm LOL great work as always Lisa. Reply G-Man says: September 9, 2016 at 5:50 pm So will the Google circle turn to a triangle and go red whenever it has a security bug – like the 61 bugs in the last 60 days? Reply Don says: September 9, 2016 at 6:39 pm I built a website for a former employer several years ago. It is just an information site, no registration, no selling of stuff, it is just a fancy brochure for the company. As such, we intentionally didn’t bother with purchasing SSL certs for it. They wouldn’t do anything or provide any additional benefit. There are lots and lots of websites, especially for small business, that are similar. Does Google plan on eventually shaming them into going the encrypted route too? Reply Paul Ducklin says: September 9, 2016 at 9:12 pm You can get TLS certificates for free. So why not? It provides extra certainty to your customers. Why not prove it really is your site and not an imposter? Reply Larry M says: September 10, 2016 at 1:28 am Another interesting thought: It’s a plot to screen out websites that aren’t run by geeks. Every two years I have to go through the exercise of getting a new cert from Provider A, copy-pasting the content into an email to web host B. There are a couple of other steps. I’m a pretty technical guy, program in assembler and type web pages in Notepad in raw HTML, but every two years I have to go through an hour’s study to remember what to do to get the updated cert and then get it installed. Hmm. Just wondering if it’s also a plot to get rid of stale web pages. Reply Mark Stockley says: September 12, 2016 at 1:26 pm Invest the time in learning how to set up Lets Encrypt and you’ll only have to do it once and the certificates are free. Certificates need to be updated every few months but the process can be automated so it runs and runs. In a couple of years we’ll all look back at the way we used to manage certificates and laugh at how primitive it all was. Reply Ed says: September 11, 2016 at 7:58 pm While you may not see the benefit personally it helps everyone else by creating more encrypted traffic. Reply Mark Stockley says: September 12, 2016 at 1:43 pm There are two reasons why small business brochure sites should consider TLS. Firstly it’s an SEO ranking signal that’s easy to tick off and if you don’t do it you’re ceding a small SEO advantage to competitors who do. Secondly, and more importantly, TLS is not just about encrypting the traffic between two sites, it’s also about validating the identity of the site you’re talking to. It defends users against man-in-the-middle attacks. Reply Ivan Grynenko says: May 29, 2017 at 4:54 am Does that website have a login page? The one to login and manage content? If so, ask yourself if that username/password that is being sent to the server are encrypted? Do you still have concerns about the topic after answering that one question? Reply Wizcrafts says: September 9, 2016 at 7:08 pm So now Google is going to penalize millions of websites on shared hosting servers (each hosting hundreds of accounts), unless we can afford to buy dedicated IP addresses and SSL certs through our hosting companies? I can see doing that if one runs an ecommerce site. But, not if it is a personal project, or affiliate referrals website, or a blog. Reply Paul Ducklin says: September 9, 2016 at 9:18 pm Have a look at LetsEncrypt. TLS certificates don’t have to cost money. If your hosting provider can’t or won’t support free certs…maybe have a look around for one that will. Reply rakso75 says: September 12, 2016 at 9:15 am My wife is a freelancer and created a small website using a web-publishing tool. She checked several and went for a cheap and easy to use one. No https, only http. She just provides basic info and offer a way to contact her. Everything else happens afterwards, offline (it is a local service). I presume there are thousands and thousands of sites like that. Also a friend narrates his travelling adventures in a non https site. He does not want to pay more or bother with technicalities (yes, he is not an IT guy, far from that, enough with managing the basics of the blog). Why punishing people like them? We (IT security conscious guys) and them (people not interested in IT that just use it when they need) live in a different world. Impose not needed security (no payments, no recording of personal data,…) on them is probably counterproductive. In Usable Security the word usable is what makes the word security useful. Reply Paul Ducklin says: September 12, 2016 at 11:04 am The thing is, that HTTPS isn’t that hard. It’s certainly not harder than having a website in the first place :-) Visits to websites *do* reveal personal data, whether you intended that or not. I hear what you’re saying about keeping it simple for people who want to run websites without caring about security…but you can also argue that if you’re going to run a website, then it’s not unreasonable to suggest that you probably ought to care about security, or find a hosting provider that cares. After all, what next? Should we exempt hobbyists “who aren’t interested in IT” (yet are interested enough to run their own websites) from privacy laws? Stop requiring them to apply patches? Tolerate them storing plaintext passwords? Reply rakso75 says: September 12, 2016 at 11:25 am You don’t get it… I am talking about websites that only give information about offline activities. They do not store passwords in the first place, just because they do not ask for them (neither for names, usernames, etc.). Yes, NSA might have it easier to spy on visitors of these websites… well, I count on NSA potentially spying on everything I do online, with or without s… As some other commenter has said, the web is a wonderful place where everybody can publish … making that more difficult is bad for Liberty of society… Always there is a trade-off, a little more difficult for NSA to know if I like to read travelling blogs or less people creating travelling blogs just for fun? In this case I prefer to make things easier for everybody, but that’s just my opinion Reply Paul Ducklin says: September 12, 2016 at 12:15 pm What you mean when you say “I don’t get it” is that I don’t agree with your opinion that encrypting everything (so you don’t have to worry what you forgot) is an extra level of complexity that you don’t want to have to be bothered with, and therefore shouldn’t have to. I live in a city with a lot of people, mainly students – at a very prestigious and privileged University, I must say – who demand the right to ride bicycles without ever bothering with lights even in the dead of night, although they could easily afford them and jolly well know better. The reason is that “it makes things easier” not to care about how your behaviour affects other people. Reply rakso75 says: September 12, 2016 at 1:05 pm I like the example of the lights on bikes. Encrypting everything means that you must always have the lights on in your bike, day or night (just in case you forget…). What I say is that they must be compulsory only by night or in conditions of low visibility. So, an old woman has a bike that she uses every now and then to go to the supermarket (this is real in places like Netherlands). She only goes during the day, and takes the bus if she needs to go shopping and it rains or snows or it is foggy. She never bought bike lights, she never needed them and she never bothered. Now you want to force her to go to the shop and pay (from her money) for lights that she does not need, and that she must remember to switch on when she takes the bike (even if the few times that she does that it is sunny and the lights are irrelevant) and off when she is back home. Well, whose behaviour is affecting who here? P.S.: I have worked (much less than you, but still a bit) in the computer security field, and I know how important it is. That is also why, in my opinion, we should really work hard in enforcing it when it is needed, and not when it is not needed, or we will be seen as stinky intruders (or hopefully using correctly an English expression, better not to try to burn a candle at both ends, in my opinion). Reply Paul Ducklin says: September 12, 2016 at 3:07 pm Yes! I want her to buy bike lights, and better yet, I want her to use them like I use mine: *always*, on every trip, day or night. (All modern rechargeable bike lights I’ve seen have a “daylight” mode.) If she can’t afford them, then social services ought to help her out, as I assume they assist her with healthcare. Because *I’m* safer if I can see her coming along behind me. So I want her to buy lights for *me*, and for everyone else, whether she cares about herself or not. Think of it as part of *my* healthcare. It’s the same with HTTPS. If you are smart enough to run a website (and if it’s important enough to you to want to do so), then you may as well do it properly. And encryption (providing, as Mark Stockley points out elsewhere, confidfentiality, authenticity and integrity) is no longer hard, or unusual, or intrusive. [This thread is now closed.] Reply Philip Le Riche @pleriche says: September 9, 2016 at 8:40 pm I’d love to get a free Let’s Encrypt DV certificate for my site even though it’s non-interactive and only serves static content, but in order to do so as far as I can see I’d need shell and cron on the web server. Neither are available to me unless I were to fork out for a much more expensive hosting service than the one-up-from-basic one I use. Yet if my hosting provider wanted to it would be a simple matter for them to add a button to my hosting control panel that would do it all with one click. I suspect though that the bean counters in their organisation still think they can squeeze money out of people for DV certs. We need to start a campaign to persuade them otherwise before Google starts hitting people like me by clobbering their rankings. Anyone in this situation, raise a support ticket with your hosting provider now, and tell them you’ll be looking elsewhere if you don’t get satisfaction! Reply Mark Stockley says: September 12, 2016 at 1:32 pm HTTPS is already an SEO ranking signal. Reply zengator says: September 9, 2016 at 8:52 pm Deprecating the amateur Web. Either pay to play or wear the scarlet “NS”. Don’t get me wrong: I’m a strong proponent of secure communications (you can find my gpg key at pgp.mit.edu), but I’m also a strong proponent of an internet that give the power of the press to the people who can’t afford to buy their ink buy the barrel. One effect of this is that SSL certs will serve as another barrier to entry into the marketplace of ideas. Reply Anonymous says: September 10, 2016 at 12:50 am If Chrome starts putting security warnings on ordinary, safe sites, that just happen to be using http, then users will be trained to ignore security warnings. Reply Larry M says: September 10, 2016 at 1:23 am Well, it looks like our 501 (c) (3) non-profit will have to move from our current host (who probably won’t offer TLS or will offer it only with expensive certs to a somewhat more expensive company. Reply Paul Ducklin says: September 10, 2016 at 8:10 am Or maybe this sort of thing will start pressing hosting providers to make TLS the norm and not a revenue stream? Reply mike says: September 11, 2016 at 3:32 pm https everywhere stopped working in chrome, was it disabled by google? Reply Craig Charles says: September 11, 2016 at 4:46 pm Google’s guides are for web developers. what about non-developers who use shared hosting? Reply Theodore Cheeze says: September 11, 2016 at 11:06 pm By the way has anyone noticed that both Chrome & Firefox have already added a ten(10) second delay to any link that does not start with HTTPS? Reply Brad says: September 12, 2016 at 3:29 pm While I agree that HTTPs should be used almost everywhere, several of the items in the article are not correct, technically. 1) HTTPS is still generally susceptible to MIM attacks, and nation actor states can tap in and see all “secure” traffic, and have been able to for years. 2) Your WiFi example is also bad in that the WiFi can be spoofed so that you connect to the bad guy and then they have all your data, “secure” or not (there are several ways around that). 3) As of the mid 2000’s I’ve seen malware that will sit MIM style and read everything that your “secure” site sees and all the passwords, etc. You still have to ensure your PC/Desktop/Tablet doesn’t have malware on it, and that’s getting more difficult. 4) Even though the certificate is fairly easy these days, getting apache / iis, etc setup correctly isn’t that easy. Run Qualys SSL test on MANY “secure” websites and you’ll see bad setups/configurations that can cause significant insecurities. 5) given the above, where does the “authenticity” and “integrity” fit in. TLS is not a cure all, and let’s make that clear. Reply 2072 says: September 13, 2016 at 11:02 am 2) I don’t see how this is possible if your computer only uses trusted root certificates and you use authenticated encryption to connect to everything. Even if the wifi traffic is monitored there is nothing that can be decrypted given the data available to the wifi traffic sniffer… 5) no but that’s a start…. Reply Tattooed Mummy (@tattooed_mummy) says: September 12, 2016 at 5:14 pm Hmmm, I use a vanity url but my blog is hosted on…well Google…I can’t use https because google don’t support that with vanity urls. so this will cost me money – I’ll have to move and pay for hosting – did I miss something? My blog is just that, a blog, I don’t sell or even have comments switched on on it! It’s a (currently cheap) hobby…. Reply Luke. says: September 12, 2016 at 8:23 pm Great news I do think a lot of sites need to work on securing their sites and free certs can be gotten on zerossl.com. Nice work Lisa. Reply James says: September 14, 2016 at 4:14 am The smirk on this for me is remembering a Chrome bug where people were asking for a switch like the one in the Firefox about:config where you can force it to always show the http:// protocol handler. Now Chrome is adding an alert that has almost the same functionality as a feature request that had years of refusals on it. On a more serious note with SSL: I work for an ASP providing a public facing website where we have HTTPS, and going to the default site in plaintext does a redirect to the HTTPS – all good by these standards. We used to have one customer who connected to us via a private circuit to their central office, which from there branched out to around 500 remote offices where the end users were. All remote offices were on satellite links. I’m not sure if this was really from the satellite company or not, but we had to keep all pages for that customer on plaintext, supposedly due to the satellite links not being able to properly apply compression to HTTPS traffic. What would be the ‘encrypt all the things’ response if my understanding of this customer’s situation was correct? Reply Steam Engine says: September 19, 2016 at 3:01 am “Google’s been pushing toward all-HTTPS for a while now.” A bit strange then why half of the traffic from their own mobile apps goes to their own servers unencrypted over port 80. Reply Paul Ducklin says: September 19, 2016 at 10:04 am Is that true? Have you measured it recently? I was under the impression that all or almost all of Google’s own app-related traffic was HTTPS. Reply Nisha (@nshpatel69) says: January 27, 2017 at 5:54 am Firefox’s approach seems more appropriate with the red strike on the padlock. It looks scarier than “Not Secure” and I guess it will be more likely to attract attention from unsuspecting users. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Nov10 by Lisa Vaas 2 Google hits incorrigible sites with “Repeat Offender” tag May18 by Bill Camarda 5 Yet more bad news for Flash as Google Chrome says goodbye (sort of) Dec14 by Lisa Vaas 0 Google extends Safe Browsing to Android Chrome Oct23 by Lisa Vaas 13 Google goes beyond two-step verification with new USB Security Key Nov27 by Paul Ducklin 1 Not just plain old http Sep03 by Paul Ducklin 0 Will Google Chrome make better browsers of us all? SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
News ՀայEngРусTür Monday June 05 USD 482.12 EUR 540.94 RUB 8.5 News Sport Style Medicine Video NEWS.am TV Reviews Photo Newsfeed News ՀայEngРусTür Monday June 05 ՀայEngРусTür USD 482.12 EUR 540.94 RUB 8.5 Yerevan°C Home News Sport Style Medicine Video NEWS.am TV Reviews Photo Vera & Football Life in the Frame Newsfeed 21:42 Armenian-Australian leaders encourage community to #KeepthePromise from June 15 19:42 Armenia president conveys condolences over London terror attack 19:36 Minor quake registered not far from Yerevan 18:54 Trump: It is time to stop being politically correct 17:14 Malta PM claims victory in elections amid corruption scandal involving Aliyev 16:08 Armenian speaker: June 4 is a day when we remember Vaghinak Grigoryan - victim of Azerbaijan's aggression 15:38 Theresa May: There is far too much tolerance of extremism in our country 14:37 Iran FM: US withdrawal from Paris climate deal is irresponsible move 13:02 Trump reacts to London attack: Travel ban is needed as an extra level of safety 12:56 Death toll in London attack rises to 7 12:36 Georgia, Azerbaijan and Turkey to hold military drills 11:15 Two French, one Australian citizen injured in London attack 10:13 6 killed in London terrorist attacks 09:58 Embassy in UK checking information on Armenian citizens affected in terrorist attack 09:52 Three attacks in London 23:43 Video on largest electronic waste dump released 23:15 Honorary Consul: Armenia should try to attract as many Israeli tourists as Georgia 23:07 Assad: Situation in Syria has significantly improved, the worst is behind 22:30 In which cases do Armenian rural women consider beating by their husbands justifiable? 22:14 Swedish prince decides to teach his children how to use metro and stand in line 21:28 Israeli tour operator: Almost everything in Armenia attracts our tourists 20:40 UN report: Armenian women are usually associated with child care 20:21 Armenian citizens use CleanArmenia hashtag to struggle against trash more actively 20:03 Tsarukyan Bloc MP: School optimization program is fraught with bad consequences 18:37 UN report: Women’s limited access to land ownership in Armenia is due to patrilocal marriages 18:25 Construction of school and kindergarten to soon kick off in Artsakh’s Talish 18:02 Paint poured on Heydar Aliyev's statue in Tbilisi 17:56 Armenia sugar factory worker dies, fellow worker hospitalized 17:55 Environmentalist: Armenia is not serious about environmental issues 17:34 Yerevan Municipality official receives suspended sentence 17:25 Russia MOD releases footage of first Iskander missile launch outside country 17:11 Armenia FM to head for Rome 16:51 Armenia environmentalist: Amulsar gold mine operation decision is strictly political 16:14 Armenia art school student wins medal in Czech Rep. (PHOTOS) 15:40 Environmentalist: Armenia healthcare data raise concerns 15:06 EAEU, India to start free-trade area agreement talks 14:41 At least 43 dead in international coalition airstrike in Syria 14:29 Karabakh MOD: Azerbaijan violated ceasefire 300 times within one week 14:13 2 fishermen go missing in Armenia’s Lake Sevan, one found dead 13:46 EU representative concerned about Azeri opposition journalist’s kidnapping in Georgia 13:19 Karabakh conducts military exercises 12:44 Ambassador Hovhannissian: US investments in Armenia increased considerably in last 2 years 12:17 In which “rank” is Armenia for US? 11:37 Armenia environmentalist: Trump has opted for economy, not climate issues 11:14 UN expands sanctions against North Korea 10:52 Newspaper: ECtHR orders Armenia government to pay €28,500 in the first 5 months of 2017 10:22 Mehranian: No impression that investing in Armenia is profitable for US businesses 09:53 US to cancel $1.2mn gun deal with Turkey? 00:04 Schulz says Trump is “most un-American” US president 23:03 Poland elected UN Security Council member 22:35 Global Coalition against Daesh says 484 civilians were killed during operation against IS 21:19 Quarrel ends with death of wife in Yerevan 21:03 Relatives of Armenian girl found dead in Akhalkalaki don’t believe she committed suicide 20:36 Mutko: There is noting to say about amendments to law on foreign players 20:33 Official: Yerevan bus accident was caused by driver's poor health (PHOTOS) 19:53 3 injured in Yerevan bus accident (PHOTO) 19:32 President Sargsyan receives pro-Armenian German MP (PHOTOS) 19:16 8 injured after bus overturns in Yerevan (PHOTOS) 19:00 MP: I consider coalition between Tsarukyan Bloc and Armenia’s ruling party impossible 18:41 Armenian PM receives KfW Development Bank delegation 18:33 What is Paris Climate Agreement and what does it have to do with Armenia? 18:29 Armenia’s Shirak to have new governor 18:16 Armenia Vice Prime Minister meets World Bank CEO 18:10 Georgian official: Yerevan and Tbilisi building transmission line that will connect Iran and Russia 18:10 French Ambassador: Emmanuel Macron has been informed about Karabakh conflict 18:08 Deputy minister: Armenia has real opportunities for becoming major transit country 18:04 Japan facilitates visas for Georgian citizens 17:38 Armenian parliament speaker receives French ambassador 17:25 CIS customs services' representatives meet in Yerevan, discuss cooperation 17:20 Novak: US withdrawal from Paris climate deal will not cause chain reaction 17:20 Yahoo News: Trump's administration planned to lift sanctions against Russia 16:57 Dollar “loses ground” in Armenia 16:32 Armenia's Serzh Sargsyan sends congratulatory message on Italian national holiday 16:24 Putin: Russia-US relations are at lowest point since Cold War 16:21 NGO: Mechanism of privileges can be set in fight against smoking in Armenia 15:49 Missing person found dead in Armenia river 15:32 President ready to assist in establishing Goethe Institute Center in Armenia 15:00 Armenia PM: Yerevan-Astana flights will ensure tourist flow 14:39 Elephant attacks in India, at least 4 dead 14:30 Peace Corps celebrates swearing-in of 42 new volunteers in Armenia 14:18 Yerevan Council ruling party group elects leader, secretary 14:00 Russia launches Iskander missiles outside country for first time 13:43 ANCA continues to press Congress for funding to Artsakh to complete last 12% of de-mining 13:33 Russia will not change its decision to join Paris climate deal 13:31 Armenia Ombudsman in Strasbourg, meets with CoE Commissioner for Human Rights 13:30 White House appeals to Supreme Court against Trump's travel ban block 13:08 Ambassador to UK visits Scotland, presents Armenia’s potential 12:56 World oil prices are down 12:54 Peskov: Sanctions against North Korea continue former US policy 12:35 Georgia opposition leader accuses country’s special services of kidnapping Azeri journalist 12:22 California State Assembly votes to divest from Turkey 11:59 Quake hits Azerbaijan, also felt in Karabakh 11:44 Medvedev cancels restrictions on product supplies from Turkey 11:27 Research organization: Level of peace declined in Armenia 11:06 Pope Francis receives new electric Opel Ampera-e 10:44 University entrance, school final exams kick off in Armenia, Karabakh (PHOTOS) 10:35 2 killed in in Saudi Arabia blast 10:20 Newspaper: Number of US Green Card “dreamers” grows in Armenia 09:41 Armenian businessmen shot in Beirut 00:09 Trump to withdraw US from Paris climate agreement Show news feed Specialist: Key words are no longer guarantee for website advancement in Google 23:45, 29.05.2017 Region:World News, Armenia Theme: Innovations Typing of key words of certain kind and number is no longer a guarantee for the upward advancement of a website in Google. Founder and CEO of Simple Solutions, Gor Karapetyan, told the aforementioned to Armenian News – NEWS.am at BarCamp IT forum held in Yerevan.  Google periodically updates its strategy of website search priority that is why those who can skillfully play with key words and used to ride on the wave, are now sliding down.  Google is switching from key words to key concepts and is trying to better distinguish naturally written texts, he said. The attempts to deceive the search engine also do not live long, Karapetyan added. There are methods to do so that the user sees one thing, whereas the Googlebot gets a set of key words for the website to have a high ranking. Such attempts were made in Armenia as well, but the search engines discover them and move the websites down. As to the choice between a website and Facebook page, businesses, especially startups, limit themselves to the second. “There it is possible to create an actually fully-fledged page for business with the parts “About company,””Services,” “Feedback,” etc.  That is, a totally free page, which, however, can be seen only within Facebook. The search engine can show it but without any additional information. Therefore, less people will visit it. Thus, it is necessary to study one’s target audience. It is highly unlikely that your potential clients use only Facebook or search engines,” Karapetyan said.  Armenia News - NEWS.am ! This text available in   Հայերեն and Русский Print Read more: All US-Armenian startup founder: Virtual reality content in websites, apps will increase “There’s a lot or low-hanging fruit which can be picked up. In Armenia, Wings of Tatev could do that”… Armenia's Zangi guarantees ideal immunity of personal data “First of all, we feel calm, since no government will be able to press on us, demanding data..." PicsArt users react to Aurora Humanitarian Initiative (PHOTOS) Yesterday evening was special, as people from all over the world were watching the awards ceremony of Aurora Humanitarian Initiative... Web designer: Knowledge of ember.js will speed up work of Armenian web developers According to Simonyan, Ember makes the framework of application on Javacript, which simplifies web design... BarCamp unconference kicks off in Yerevan (PHOTOS) Developments of start-up entrepreneurs and future projects will be presented at the event... BarCamp 2017 launches in Yerevan BarCamp Yerevan will bring together thousands of IT professionals for the 9th consecutive year... Kangaroos pack a punch during a boxing match on a Queensland farm Most Read Viewed Commented Three attacks in London Minor quake registered not far from Yerevan 6 killed in London terrorist attacks Death toll in London attack rises to 7 Armenian speaker: June 4 is a day when we remember Vaghinak Grigoryan - victim of Azerbaijan's aggression Shocking head on collision in Marbella 'hit and run' Aznavour is presented key of his house-museum in Yerevan Concert dedicated to Charles Aznavour held in Yerevan Footage shows 13-story residential building collapse in Alexandria Stripper Fighting Armenia ruling party MP: Many would dream of protection that our children enjoy Newspaper: Moscow is engaged in criminal business at Karabakh conflict zone President ready to assist in establishing Goethe Institute Center in Armenia Blogger Alexander Lapshin permitted to meet his mother Newspaper: ECtHR orders Armenia government to pay €28,500 in the first 5 months of 2017 Photos University entrance, school final exams kick off in Armenia More colorful holidays with Semur&Co Our kids Partner news © 2009-2017 NEWS.am The copyright for information published on this web site is owned exclusively by Armenian News-NEWS.am information-analytical agency. All information materials published on this website are intended solely for personal use. For full or partial reproduction of any material in other media it is required to acquire written permission from Armenian News-NEWS.am information-analytical agency. Those, who have committed copyright violations, will be prosecuted accordingly. News Politics Economics Analytics Society Innovations Incidents Culture Car World Sports Style Medicine Reviews Video Photo About agency Terms of use Address #7/1, Verin Shenga vit, 2nd street, Yerevan, Armenia Tel.: +37477 26 64 13, +37499 20 32 12 E-mail:[email protected] Marketing office phone Mobile: +374 91 073313 email:[email protected]
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips May 29, 2017 29-05-2017 4 minutes This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google is a byword for search. Indeed, “to Google” is a recognized verb, boasting the kind of global brand awareness that startups can only dream about. But Google isn’t just powering your insomnia-driven searches for obscure song lyrics at 3 AM. No. It’s in your smartphone, your car, your smartwatch, and maybe even powering your internet search from a mobile Wi-Fi balloon floating in the skies. Does Google have too much power? As of January 2017, Google was powering over 63 percent of U.S. searches, giving it unrivaled access to our browsing habits, and more. Furthermore, Google tracks your every search to build an individual advertising profile. The search giant knows more about your browsing habits How Much Does Google Really Know About You? How Much Does Google Really Know About You? Read More than you could hope to imagine. Image Credit: Statista It’s time for a change. I’m going to explore why giving everything to Google isn’t such a good idea, and list some excellent alternatives that still get the job done. Privacy Google is everywhere. It gathers information to power its massive advertising arm. Google is tracking you around the internet, building an individual advertising profile to better serve you ads. Some users don’t mind, reasoning that if they’re going to see ads (advertising essentially powers the internet), they might as well see ones relevant to their interests. It isn’t only search data collected, though. Google elaborate on their data collection points here, but here are some you should be immediately aware of: Emails sent and received through Gmail. Your contacts and calendar events. Photos added and uploaded. Your Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides stored on Drive. Videos you watch. And that is just through your browser. If you have an Android smartphone, tablet, or smartwatch, you’ll likely be relaying your location, information about local SSIDs, and more as you move around your city. Google has come under fire for its “invasive” business practices on more than one occasion, appearing in court in the U.K., U.S., France, the Netherlands, Spain, and several other countries. Their charges usually fall under a similar bracket: violation of privacy laws. Take Your Privacy Back How do you take some privacy back? Despite finding Google ingrained in so many services, it isn’t too difficult to take the power back. Change your browser. There are several excellent Chrome alternatives specializing in eliminating trackers (not just the Google trackers). We’ve covered several of the best 4 Anonymous Web Browsers That Are Completely Private 4 Anonymous Web Browsers That Are Completely Private A good way to protect your information on the web is to surf anonymously. Google Chrome’s Incognito mode can help to an extent, but you should also look at the following web browsers. Read More , so take your pick. Don’t use Google search. Most of the time, we hit Ctrl + T for a new tab and type the search into the omnibox. Easy. However, you need an alternative. DuckDuckGo is “the search engine that doesn’t track you,” promising not to store personal information, display ads, or follow you around the internet. It does some cool things that Google search doesn’t 8 Search Tricks That Work on DuckDuckGo but Not on Google 8 Search Tricks That Work on DuckDuckGo but Not on Google Google Search is king. But DuckDuckGo has earned a loyal fan following. It has a few unusual features that even Google doesn't have. Read More , too. Stop using Gmail. Your incoming and outgoing emails contain useful data that Google is happy to hoover up. Try one of these secure and encrypted alternatives The 3 Most Secure & Encrypted Email Providers Online The 3 Most Secure & Encrypted Email Providers Online Fed up with government surveillance? Concerned your emails might be read by third parties? If so, it's worth looking at an encrypted email solution to protect your messages. Read More instead. Sign out. Your Google account is a core tracking tool. It links searches across the myriad Google services to your name (or whatever you signed up with). You’ll start to see a change in the adverts displayed to you. Get Technical Google is great for your everyday search queries. The Google engineers are constantly refining the search algorithm to better match our organic search requests. But sometimes, Google just doesn’t have the answer. In those times, you need an alternative. Wolfram Alpha is the answer. Unlike Google, it doesn’t always go trawling the web for new information. Wolfram Alpha is a computational search engine, focused on creating new information (as well as answering all the banalities we still manage to think of). Unsure if it’s right for you? We’ve explored 20 ways that your everyday life is easier when you use Wolfram Alpha 20 Ways Everyday Life is Easier with Wolfram Alpha 20 Ways Everyday Life is Easier with Wolfram Alpha There is something about Wolfram Alpha. It makes complicated computations cool again. Here are 20 ways to put the engine to everyday use. Read More . Wolfram Alpha isn’t the only Google alternative with a technical or specific focus. For instance, CC Search scans through Creative Commons-licensed media. Pipl is a powerful (and somewhat terrifying) people search engine. It tracks down user names, real names, social media accounts and more. Onion.link lets you search the dark web from your regular browser instead of having to install the privacy-focused Tor browser. Search Can Be Rewarding Okay, this is tenuous. It also goes against the privacy issues I’ve detailed (e.g. signing into another service to track your search). But if you sign into your Microsoft account, sign up with Microsoft Rewards, and use Bing as your search tool of choice Can Bing Surpass Google Search Through Windows 10 Integration? Can Bing Surpass Google Search Through Windows 10 Integration? Google eats Bing for breakfast. But Bing and Microsoft are a Phoenix in full-rebirth mode. As Google faces antitrust allegations and Cortana meets the Windows 10 Taskbar, Microsoft may soon turn the tables. Read More , you’ll earn rewards. The rewards come as points that can be redeemed on games or apps in the Windows Store or directly within the Microsoft Store. Note that only U.S. residents are eligible for Microsoft Rewards. It’s All About Trust Trust and privacy are the biggest reasons to leave Google and its search algorithm behind. There is no beating about the bush. The sheer number of searches conducted every single day by Google is astonishing. They hold tens of exabytes of data on every subject matter you’d care to think of. And your personal data, your personal searches, your obscure, seemingly trivial or highly embarrassing searches, are in there too. We are relying on a multinational corporation with a proven history of privacy violations… to protect our privacy. Is it time to leave Google search behind Which Search Engine Should You Be Using Today? Which Search Engine Should You Be Using Today? There are many search engines out there, but which one is the best for you? Read More ? I think the real question to ask yourself is, “Can you live without Google services?” Including YouTube, Docs, Sheets, Maps, your Android powered smartphone Here's How You Can Use Android But Ditch Google Here's How You Can Use Android But Ditch Google Want to use your Android smartphone or tablet without Google? Want to use open source software? Here we take an in-depth look at exactly how to do that. Read More , and so on. It’s a lot to let go. Do you trust Google to follow their own (albeit now defunct) “Don’t be evil” company motto? Have you already eradicated Google from your life? What alternatives do you use in your daily internet use? Should Google do more to inform its users as to how their data is used? Image Credit: Gearstd via Shutterstock.com Previous PostGood News! We Found the News Sites You Can TrustNext PostUse Google Earth to Learn More About The Beatles 58 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Philip Bates May 31, 2017 at 10:37 am Admittedly, I do use Chrome, so naturally Google Search, but I nonetheless agree that Google knows far too much about us all. That's partly why I don't put too much through Gmail/calendar/all that jazz. I should probably give DuckDuckGo a try though. For now, and I'm sure this is the same for much of the population, I'm programmed to automatically go to Google. Reply Anthony May 31, 2017 at 12:17 am I gave Bing a chance because of the rewards. That was a year ago. I learned 2 important lessons over those 12 months: Bing's rewards are terrible, but Bing search results are worse. I am glad to be back to Google search. But I agree with the premise of this article: with so much data running through Google tools, individual privacy is at risk. Time to find a new browser and/or a new search engine. Reply Jojo May 30, 2017 at 11:54 pm You do realize that Microsoft (Bing) is all about data mining as well right? They're no different than Google. Windows 10 iteself is a glorified version of the Chrome desktop aimed at gathering as much information as possible with a small amount of anonymity. When suggesting a new search alternative to Google, Duckduckgo.com is the best alternative for those who would rather not be a demographic. Reply Gavin Phillips May 30, 2017 at 11:56 pm ....which is what I suggested. Reply Ron Spike May 30, 2017 at 9:16 pm Everybody who uses the Facebook-app agrees that his/her entire phone book is uploaded to Facebook. This means that even if you're not using Google, not using WhatsApp and don't have a Facebook-account, your name, phone number, birthday and likely your address is already in Facebook's databases as soon as one of your colleagues uses that app - and this WITHOUT even asking you if you agree with Facebook having your data - thank your friends for uploading your data without asking you first. If there are more than two or three of your friends who use the Facebook-app, Facebook is already able to profile you pretty good according to your friends, their friends and all their preferences - without asking you for any agreement for this profiling. Comparing to that, I prefer Google's style of data-collecting since they show you very transparent that and what data they are collecting - and you still can opt out (or even have to opt in in first place) from everything. The true "privacy-enemy" are Facebook and similar, not Google... Reply Cemery50 May 30, 2017 at 7:12 pm Privacy and the rights conveyed by the expectations of privacy concern more than just one's self. The data and conclusions drawn from it involve public officials, your progeny and loved ones. Though officially divorced from named individuals through ai and big data sources identity is not too difficult and the results of ai conclusions can impact credit, jobs, insurance, and political targeting. These are of great consequence and individuals need a method to identify and contest such conclusions. Reply Sp00key Biiiyatch June 3, 2017 at 6:12 pm "Political targeting" is the biggie. Because if their enslavement-apparatus is actually used for this nefarious end, how can any potential revolution be organised when no-one has privacy any more? Never going to happen? Think about it: why wouldn't 'they' enslave us, if they can stop you revolting, through knowing your every move before you do, due to years of spying on you? Unprecedented in human history, is this level of power. Think! Naive fools love to call out 'paranoid' people for being all "tinfoil hat" but it's their fault, and ignorance, not the tinfoil hat brigade's. Reply Ron Spike May 30, 2017 at 2:22 pm Most people are too usual, too boring as to be of any interest. No one at Google cares what TV-Show average-Joe watches or what mails you write. If you'd stop considering your life or existence "important", you can enjoy everything Google provides for free. The world will be exactly the same 50 years after you have died, nobody's is really important , so stop complaining about someone watching you - nobody gives a sh... about your "secrets" Reply Carlos May 30, 2017 at 4:32 pm I'm so agree. If you are in the average of people in the world, nobody at Google cares about your private things. If you are a president, major or you have some important position in your community, then I can understand your concerns. However, most of us are in the average. Reply Gavin Phillips May 31, 2017 at 12:01 am I'll have you know I'm extremely, extremely interesting, of national significance, even. I joke. You're both right in one sense. Yes, we're all boring nobodies. *if* Google become superevilmegahorrorcorp, we'll all be in the firing line. Reply Sp00key Biiiyatch June 3, 2017 at 6:31 pm Er, you give a sh* about your secrets, that's the point. Human behaviour changes if one KNOWS one is being watched. Hiding one's true self is the result. Cognitive dissonance is the result of doing that to any highly-effective level. Adding an extra layer of two-facedness to life is a step backwards, not forwards, IMHO. Speaking from experience of what it is like to be watched constantly (in a given context, community etc, pre-internet) and the damage done to one's humanity is SEVERE. Or some derivation of 'severe'. This is the thing: depending on how conformist one is [born to be]. Hence why scared, overly-conformist people who think this makes them safe, think that no harm can be done by being watched all the time. They value conformity and don't realise that taking that too far makes humans into robots and creates fascism etc. Of course, human nature is pathetic and if everyone else is doing it, and the harm isn't OBVIOUS - that naturally makes it OK... we all can read history to see where that weak, ignorant mentality leads. Reply Sp00key Biiiyatch June 3, 2017 at 6:39 pm Dude, it's not the narcissistic or individualistic "they're watching me, I must maintain control" logic at the heart of this (although that logic is the collective logic of the spies, face it - they can never resist using a tool, even when it's illegal and they become the bad guys that their existence is justified by, ironically). "The world will be exactly the same 50 years after you have died" Not if unprecedented centralisation of power via spying technology grants unprecedented control to a minority... oh hold on, same sh1t, different technology level, got you... Except that in the past, there was usually much more chance of opting-out and escaping. Today, not so much. Reply Jay May 30, 2017 at 1:12 pm I think we all can agree that we give up information about ourself the minute you interact with the world. Now the question is what is that information being used for and are those using it being transparent about it? I feel Google is the most transparent and even gives me the controls necessary to manage what the information that gathered on me. It is also amazing how this article was surfaced via my Google Now because Google knew I was interested in this kind of stuff. If Google was evil, they would never surface this type of article that has a opposite position to Google. Also that Ad shown at the bottom of this article was probably targeted based on Google data which ultimately helps you as the author monetize the traffic you are getting. Google does it the right way IMO but always open to hearing other critques! Reply Sp00key Biiiyatch June 3, 2017 at 6:45 pm Your logic is flawed: "Google allow x, so Google can't be evil as they'd not allow x if they were (whilst allowing y, z etc). Your definition of 'evil' is likely flawed. Google are the knowledge-harvesting apparatus (amongst, yes, other things that they offer to various people). The point is that once the apparatus is in place, it creates opportunity to abuse it, on an unprecedented scale. That's not even up to Google, if you think about it. But why do Google force certain things to be done online, or force people to give up certain information, rather than give the option? That is the devil hidden in the detail, I think. Then there's the effect of privacy-removal on human psychology, as a general background issue. Reply Bp May 30, 2017 at 12:16 pm this kind of article is funny. its a trade your privacy for convenient life world now. if you really care of privacy, you have already exposed your ip address to this website, your name to your reader, your billing address to your isp, your personal informtion to your credit card company. google just know as much as they know and more. and if i have to trade my privacy anyway, whynot choose one big company which protect your privacy data better and give you better service? instead of chose some small company and trust they not save your info....forever? and please gimme a list of better service for: search email photo cloud storage calendar and no privacy issue Reply Jason May 30, 2017 at 11:36 am Your lack of understanding on how this works is kind of worrying. Not using their search does nothing. The data is there's. Bing doesn't search Bing only servers, Yahoo doesn't list Yahoo only data. As a matter of fact they don't hold squat for data. Reply Gavin Phillips May 30, 2017 at 12:15 pm Who doesn't hold squat for data? Google? I'm pretty sure they hold a significant amount of data, exabytes even. And I've not contended that Bing uses Bing and so on. I understand how search works. Reply Jason June 1, 2017 at 2:45 am As far as search engines go, Googles servers host 40% of the internet. even amazon is only 40k servers to googles over 1Million Supposedly Microsoft also has 1M, but when you look at the counts and percentages it doesn't add up so u put them at most at 600k. So yahoo holds 100k which as i said. is SQUAT. who else do you use to search with? the only other contender is Bing which is in second place as far as search engines who host data... so using bing is the same as using google. except whose servers have been hacked and whose haven't... oh yeah Microsoft has been hacked and google cloud still has yet to be hacked. Their gmail on the other hand.. well tough luck on that one because that gets hacked as much as microsoft and yahoo so you're on even ground there. so unless Microsoft holds 41% and nobody else exists... they hold the largest chunk of the data that you are refusing to use their search engine to search. You not using their search, doesn't make your security or privacy any better. and really, the data is out there and accessible by google to begin with. as far as email and browsers go.. yeah use a vpn, use a browser that doesnt track your stuff, thats fine. But none of the "secure" email services do well with mail@yourowndomain so your options are use gsuite or microsoft or leave your email on the most insecure place possible, the same server your website is on? no thanks. ill stick with the company that is big enough to keep blowing money on security as i am more worried about other people getting my information than i am of facebook sending me ads based on things ive spoken out loud near my phone or searched for. but on search... using or not using google .. really? if you are browsing through a vpn and in an incognito style browser. what is the difference? also are you bill gates? wtf important information are you worried about sharing? that youre 35 and live at home with your mom? that you like reeses? Reply Jason June 1, 2017 at 2:45 am everyone other than google doesnt hold squat. Reply aj May 30, 2017 at 9:17 am Bring on Sailfish OS Reply Tom May 30, 2017 at 8:46 am Apple do the same, Microsoft too... Google just talks about it. That's why most of the people thinks that Apple is saint. They store your photos, imessages, localisation, notes, siri's questions. Exactly the same what google does. But Google Has Better servers and much Better security. Icloud sucks, It was hacked 2 times?3? Google cloud never. Reply Nick May 30, 2017 at 8:34 am I don't think anyone actually gives a crap, how much times are we gonna have articles about Google and recycling the same shit? The thing is not using Google search doesn't mean your privacy is take back, it just means now you have given it to some other search engine. Really, even if you don't use a search engine you still don't have any privacy. Cameras are everywhere and you buy things in stores, online etc your info is in apps, the government owns you... Everyone owns you to some degree. So you and everyone trying to make Google out as the sore evil above everyone else isn't factual. Reply Jack Smith May 30, 2017 at 11:53 pm Exactly. If it is not just about a hit piece then talk about the issue generically. Calling out Google is ricdiculous. Personally i trust Google more to protect the data than anyone else. Reply Nick May 31, 2017 at 1:27 am Absolutely, when you actually look into it Google is the most transparent with our data verses other companies. Other companies uses your data just like Google to know how to better sell you products. With Google at least along with being able to personalize you for relevant ads, they also use the data in ways to make our lives less tedious and even more important they give alot of their services away for free as a result. So yeah I do believe they are sticking by their a motor of " don't be evil". Others are less transparent and they use or data, give us nothing for free and then turn around and sell us things base on our own data. SO with everything considered, Google is perhaps the better one to trust. Reply Anne May 30, 2017 at 3:25 am This is an article of someone that is obviously non educated enough about privacy at Google and how it works I encourage you to read more about privacy and also I encourage you to read more about privacy in any other company (Google's competition) and educatie yourself for better judgement. Reply Lorinda L May 30, 2017 at 4:06 am Anne, Do you work for Google? LOL. People who think they know everything annoy the hell out of those who actually do. Reply Jack Smith May 30, 2017 at 11:54 pm Actually Annie has a clue well beyond this author. Reply James May 30, 2017 at 4:40 am Agreed. This whole article sounds like unintelligent technophobia. Reply Gavin Phillips May 30, 2017 at 4:59 am Sorry we're not all on your level, James. Care to elaborate? Reply Gavin Phillips May 30, 2017 at 4:58 am Any specifics I should check out? I've read quite a lot about privacy, thank you. There are well documented and serious issues regarding privacy at Google. They're great compared to some other companies who have suffered serious data breaches -- Yahoo, LinkedIn, the list is really endless -- and I do have faith that our data is safe from that mode of attack. Unless an internal employee goes rogue, our search data will remain safe from external threat. However, my issue is with the huge amount of data hoovered up. Thanks for reading and commenting, Anne. Reply Lou May 30, 2017 at 3:52 pm Galvin: Agreed, serious issues. But, MUO readers are likely to have read the numerous articles stating, and restating, and restating, and restating, all the potential issues, problems, risks and benefits when we chose to search using Google. We got it! We know the dangers, and the benefits. We've already made an informed decision. Absent new information, most minds will not be changed thanks to yet another repeat of the same-old, same-old. Reply Gavin Phillips May 31, 2017 at 8:10 pm Hey Lou, I'm realising this now. I could have been a lot more specific with this article, rather than presenting arguments many readers have likely read before. I will try and present more detailed analysis in the future. Cheers Hildy J May 30, 2017 at 3:05 am For general searches Google is better than Microsoft or DuckDuckGo (and I've tried them both). Giving your online life over to Google makes things convenient, especially with a Google phone which gets all the feature (and security) updates as they come out. I'm much more concerned about what the government knows about me and how secure that is. And I speak as a retired government employee who got a free subscription to a credit monitoring service because my agency was hacked. Reply Gavin Phillips May 30, 2017 at 5:02 am Hey Hildy, I wasn't claiming that DDG is better at search than Google. I'd agree with you: it isn't. It does have some cool features that Google doesn't, and it doesn't follow you around the web trying to gather advertising information. Why are you more concerned about the government knowing about you, than Google? I'm just curious. I assume the UK government (where I live) knows about the same, or at the very least, could easily build a picture very quickly if needs be. PRISM is still a thing. Reply Thomas Fraser May 30, 2017 at 2:40 am This article was considered relevant to me by Goole, on my android phone, does me reading it constitute a paradox? I am a fan of my google devices, and although I completely understand the issues people have with the invasiveness of it all, I believe the train has already left the station on this issue, you'd have an easier time getting rid of sliced bread. Reply Gavin Phillips May 30, 2017 at 5:12 am Hey Thomas, See, your phone knows *waves hands mysteriously/nods conspiratorially* But, yes, I think you're right. We've all been using the entire range of Google services for a long time now. And I do like sliced bread. Reply Casper May 30, 2017 at 2:31 am If you told me I could instantly teleport anywhere I wanted to go and all I had to do was tell the teleporter operator something personal about myself, I'd do it in a heartbeat. I'm unsure why anyone wouldn't. And I pity anyone who has to keep up with 20 different accounts to use 20 different "almost as good" services that have virtually no integration with each other, when they could be using one account for better versions of all of those services. Reply Sam May 30, 2017 at 11:41 am Would it be different if it wasn't just some personal information, but your entire body's molecular structure? (i.e. They now have a backup of you) Reply TEMPLE PATE May 30, 2017 at 2:29 am I am a Network technician and server administrator, so knowing full well what Google gets from me I still see no reason for any of the arguments above. I willingly give Google this information as it'll end up making a better internet designed for my likes and dislikes. Is that not what we want? Reply iQuack May 30, 2017 at 1:58 am Typical click bait header. Stopped reading at the point where it recommended switching from Google search to ? ? go. Reply Gavin May 30, 2017 at 4:17 am We have different definitions of click bait then, I'm afraid. Reply makapav May 30, 2017 at 1:09 am This looks like an article written to just drive people from using Google services for the sake of not using them and asking people to forego the high quality of service experience from an ecosystem that can leverage big data and AI to give you useful information that would otherwise not be possible for the common man at the relative cost of 'free'. Reply Murteza May 30, 2017 at 7:04 am This article is for letting people be more aware of the data about themselves they are giving out with or without knowing. What does quality service for you, integration, privacy friendliness, advanced Search and advertisement algorithms etc? You may like the integration of Google services, I love integration too. Even though I don't like this privacy problem with Google, I use Google services. I am just extra careful about what I am giving. Reply makapav May 30, 2017 at 5:34 pm This article does nothing about educating people about the information they are giving to Google! If that was truly the case and intent, they would have guided a user through the various locations on Google properties where you can turn off personalization for advertisement. They would have also laid out the facts about what and how does Google 'track the user': a completely anonymized id (after 9 months internally) that is externally, only displayed as a part of a demographic to advertisers. Reply Gavin Phillips May 31, 2017 at 8:09 pm Thanks, Makapav, That is true. I've done a lot of talking about Google, without explaining how to turn things off, how to delete your history, and so on. Dudert May 30, 2017 at 12:59 am This article is nothing but an Apple fanboy rant. I use Android knowing the integrated services may provide targeted ads bc I trust them more than I trust any other corporation. I avoid apple at all costs because apple has historically crushed competition through the use of INVALID patents which kills consumer choice. Apple getting the HTC One X and Evo import banned are perfect examples of this and HTC still has not recovered. Who is the REAL evil here? Reply Murteza May 30, 2017 at 7:13 am This article is about privacy of user data, not company evilness. I use Android both on my phone and on my laptop, I like the customisability aspect of it. But I know what I am missing when I chose one over the other. By the way, I disabled Chrome, Gmail, Google and many more apps from Google on my Android phone. Not because I like iPhone, but because I care about my privacy. This article has nothing to do with being some company Fanboy. Reply Gavin Phillips May 31, 2017 at 8:07 pm Nothing to do with Apple. I've only owned a few Apple products, ever. Anyway, that's besides the point. It is about user privacy, data collection, and advertising. Reply Red Pill May 29, 2017 at 11:44 pm Matrix is just started but I will take the red pill. Just I am supporting open source os first and keep away all of google's services. Governments, communities and universities must get together and support open source systems to save the future. Of course everbody is not Morpheus neither Neo. Reply Jason May 29, 2017 at 10:36 pm Let's just be clear.. Google is not tracking "you", they're tracking a completely anonymized id that is consistent, and this has absolutely zero influence over your "privacy". Privacy does matter and if Google were responsible for ACTUALLY breaching your privacy or anyone else's there'd be hell to pay, but the reality is they are probably more careful than anyone to protect their users. Your activity is tracked by every single site on the internet, not just by Google. Do you really trust the alternatives more? Reply Patrick May 30, 2017 at 3:17 am Let's not forget that the article states that Google is unrivaled in search, yet they only have two thirds of the market. Reply Gavin May 30, 2017 at 4:15 am Yes, unrivalled in that no one comes close to Google. When was the last time you suggested someone complete a quick Yahoo search? I think you're splitting hairs. Reply Gavin May 30, 2017 at 4:13 am "If you have something that you don't want anyone to know, maybe you shouldn't be doing it in the first place. If you really need that kind of privacy, the reality is that search engines—including Google—do retain this information for some time and it's important, for example, that we are all subject in the United States to the Patriot Act and it is possible that all that information could be made available to the authorities." Eric Schmidt. Also, you're telling me that Google didn't drop its ban on DoubleClick using personally identifiable information? Thanks for reading and commenting. Reply Tuz Bkk May 31, 2017 at 4:08 am Great quote, but the quote wasn't cited. The sinppet of the interview is here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BreJfzpbwm0 It is difficult for the average person to understand the dangers of data collection. The danger is in the macro view, rather than the micro view. A person's individual information is of little use to google. Google views the information of large groups of people to determine how people will react as a whole. This view drives what words are used to advertise, where advertisements are placed . . . Google is the most effective advertising company by total profits. What people don't understand, their purchases are driven by google advertising. A book which covers some of these topics is: Everybody Lies: Big Data, New Data, and What the Internet Can Tell Us About Who We Really Are By Seth Davidowitz http://www.nzherald.co.nz/business/news/article.cfm?c_id=3&objectid=11862454 Reply Gavin Phillips May 31, 2017 at 8:06 pm Hey Tuz, Thanks for citing my quote. It explains several things. Schmidt doesn't beat about the bush. You've explained part of the problem with mass data collection nicely. As other comments have pointed out, Google are at least open (afawk) with what they do with their data, as opposed to other data hoovering giants, like Facebook. The issue is trust, and you who lend it to. I've pre-ordered that book, thanks for the tip! makapav May 31, 2017 at 8:57 pm Schmidt also mouths a lot of crap like a senile old chap - something all CEOs do regularly. Keep stuff in context. Rick May 29, 2017 at 8:18 pm “Can you live without Google services? Including YouTube, Docs, Sheets, Maps, your Android powered smartphone, and so on. It’s a lot to let go." The answer for me is a resoundingly definitive NO! And I don't want to. I am deeply hooked into the Google ecosystem from Chrome OS and Android to Chromecast and a huge collection of their services. And I must admit I thoroughly enjoy having access to and using them even with the knowledge that Google uses them to collect a lot of data about me. That said, I feel that Google really does do a good job of letting me know when and how it is collecting my data as well as how they use it. Do I trust them 100%? No. There are certain things that I do take precautions to protect, be it encrypting certain documents I store in the cloud, using a vpn and incognito mode when appropriate, as well as using services, apps, and backups from other providers. In the end though, when all is said and done, I cannot think of one single thing that Google has done to harm me in any tangible way. Reply Arnie Placoqit May 30, 2017 at 4:19 pm I totally agree. This page is full of ads. and the reason we were all sucked in to this page was its title. T he whole time I was on this page, ad were loading and trackers were loading in the background. And while my Internet connection may not be gigabit, it's right around 70 mbps. The title may not be click-bait, but it's damn close. Seems like I've read other puerile anti-Google rants VERY similar to this on other sites - sure seems familiar. I had to laugh at the author's suggestion that Wolfram|Alpha is a good substitute for Google. Makes me wonder what the hell he's smoking! Reply Gavin Phillips 212 articles Gavin is the Technology Explained Editor, as well as a Security and Windows regular. He has a Contemporary Writing degree pillaged from the hills of South Devon, but now resides in the deepest depths of Cornwall, calling Penzance his home. In a 10-year writing career he has covered real estate,… Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right… Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Related Articles How Google Can Help You Plan the Perfect Summer Vacation Internet How Google Can Help You Plan the Perfect Summer Vacation 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) 4 Ways Your Location Is Being Tracked Everywhere You Go Security 4 Ways Your Location Is Being Tracked Everywhere You Go Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Audio Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription How Google Builds Its Maps—and What It Means for the Future of Everything An exclusive look inside Ground Truth, the secretive program to build the world's best accurate maps Most Popular The Myth of the Kindly General Lee Adam Serwer Jun 4, 2017 What Trump Doesn't Understand About Gun Control in Great Britain David Frum Jun 4, 2017 The Panic President David A. Graham Jun 4, 2017 My Family’s Slave Alex Tizon  May 16, 2017 Life as a Nonviolent Psychopath Judith Ohikuare Jan 21, 2014 Alexis C. Madrigal Sep 6, 2012 Technology Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Behind every Google Map, there is a much more complex map that's the key to your queries but hidden from your view. The deep map contains the logic of places: their no-left-turns and freeway on-ramps, speed limits and traffic conditions. This is the data that you're drawing from when you ask Google to navigate you from point A to point B -- and last week, Google showed me the internal map and demonstrated how it was built. It's the first time the company has let anyone watch how the project it calls GT, or "Ground Truth," actually works. Google opened up at a key moment in its evolution. The company began as an online search company that made money almost exclusively from selling ads based on what you were querying for. But then the mobile world exploded. Where you're searching from has become almost as important as what you're searching for. Google responded by creating an operating system, brand, and ecosystem in Android that has become the only significant rival to Apple's iOS. And for good reason. If Google's mission is to organize all the world's information, the most important challenge -- far larger than indexing the web -- is to take the world's physical information and make it accessible and useful. "If you look at the offline world, the real world in which we live, that information is not entirely online," Manik Gupta, the senior product manager for Google Maps, told me. "Increasingly as we go about our lives, we are trying to bridge that gap between what we see in the real world and [the online world], and Maps really plays that part." This is not just a theoretical concern. Mapping systems matter on phones precisely because they are the interface between the offline and online worlds. If you're at all like me, you use mapping more than any other application except for the communications suite (phone, email, social networks, and text messaging). Google is locked in a battle with the world's largest company, Apple, about who will control the future of mobile phones. Whereas Apple's strengths are in product design, supply chain management, and retail marketing, Google's most obvious realm of competitive advantage is in information. Geo data -- and the apps built to use it -- are where Google can win just by being Google. That didn't matter on previous generations of iPhones because they used Google Maps, but now Apple's created its own service. How the two operating systems incorporate geo data and present it to users could become a key battleground in the phone wars. But that would entail actually building a better map. *** The office where Google has been building the best representation of the world is not a remarkable place. It has all the free food, ping pong, and Google Maps-inspired Christoph Niemann cartoons that you'd expect, but it's still a low-slung office building just off the 101 in Mountain View in the burbs. I was slated to meet with Gupta and the engineering ringleader on his team, former NASA engineer Michael Weiss-Malik, who'd spent his 20 percent time working on Google Mars, and Nick Volmar, an "operator" who actually massages map data. "So you want to make a map," Weiss-Malik tells me as we sit down in front of a massive monitor. "There are a couple of steps. You acquire data through partners. You do a bunch of engineering on that data to get it into the right format and conflate it with other sources of data, and then you do a bunch of operations, which is what this tool is about, to hand massage the data. And out the other end pops something that is higher quality than the sum of its parts." This is what they started out with, the TIGER data from the US Census Bureau (though the base layer could and does come from a variety of sources in different countries). On first inspection, this data looks great. The roads look like they are all there and you've got the freeways differentiated. This is a good map to the untrained eye. But let's look closer. There are issues where the digital data does not match the physical world. I've circled a few obvious ones below. And that's just from comparing the map to the satellite imagery. But there are also a variety of other tools at Google's disposal. One is bringing in data from other sources, say the US Geological Survey. But Google's Ground Truthers can also bring another exclusive asset to bear on the maps problem: the Street View cars' tracks and imagery. In keeping with Google's more-data-is-better-data mantra, the maps team, largely driven by Street View, is publishing more imagery data every two weeks than Google possessed total in 2006.* Let's step back a tiny bit to recall with wonderment the idea that a single company decided to drive cars with custom cameras over every road they could access. Google is up to five million miles driven now. Each drive generates two kinds of really useful data for mapping. One is the actual tracks the cars have taken; these are proof-positive that certain routes can be taken. The other are all the photos. And what's significant about the photographs in Street View is that Google can run algorithms that extract the traffic signs and can even paste them onto the deep map within their Atlas tool. So, for a particularly complicated intersection like this one in downtown San Francisco, that could look like this: Google Street View wasn't built to create maps like this, but the geo team quickly realized that computer vision could get them incredible data for ground truthing their maps. Not to detour too much, but what you see above is just the beginning of how Google is going to use Street View imagery. Think of them as the early web crawlers (remember those?) going out in the world, looking for the words on pages. That's what Street View is doing. One of its first uses is finding street signs (and addresses) so that Google's maps can better understand the logic of human transportation systems. But as computer vision and OCR improve, any word that is visible from a road will become a part of Google's index of the physical world. Later in the day, Google Maps VP Brian McClendon put it like this: "We can actually organize the world's physical written information if we can OCR it and place it," McClendon said. "We use that to create our maps right now by extracting street names and addresses, but there is a lot more there."    More like what? "We already have what we call 'view codes' for 6 million businesses and 20 million addresses, where we know exactly what we're looking at," McClendon continued. "We're able to use logo matching and find out where are the Kentucky Fried Chicken signs ... We're able to identify and make a semantic understanding of all the pixels we've acquired. That's fundamental to what we do." For now, though, computer vision transforming Street View images directly into geo-understanding remains in the future. The best way to figure out if you can make a left turn at a particular intersection is still to have a person look at a sign -- whether that's a human driving or a human looking at an image generated by a Street View car. There is an analogy to be made to one of Google's other impressive projects: Google Translate. What looks like machine intelligence is actually only a recombination of human intelligence. Translate relies on massive bodies of text that have been translated into different languages by humans; it then is able to extract words and phrases that match up. The algorithms are not actually that complex, but they work because of the massive amounts of data (i.e. human intelligence) that go into the task on the front end. Google Maps has executed a similar operation. Humans are coding every bit of the logic of the road onto a representation of the world so that computers can simply duplicate (infinitely, instantly) the judgments that a person already made. This reality is incarnated in Nick Volmar, the operator who has been showing off Atlas while Weiss-Malik and Gupta explain it. He probably uses twenty-five keyboard shortcuts switching between types of data on the map and he shows the kind of twitchy speed that I associate with long-time designers working with Adobe products or professional Starcraft players. Volmar has clearly spent thousands of hours working with this data. Weiss-Malik told me that it takes hundreds of operators to map a country. (Rumor has it many of these people work in the Bangalore office, out of which Gupta was promoted.) The sheer amount of human effort that goes into Google's maps is just mind-boggling. Every road that you see slightly askew in the top image has been hand-massaged by a human. The most telling moment for me came when we looked at couple of the several thousand user reports of problems with Google Maps that come in every day. The Geo team tries to address the majority of fixable problems within minutes. One complaint reported that Google did not show a new roundabout that had been built in a rural part of the country. The satellite imagery did not show the change, but a Street View car had recently driven down the street and its tracks showed the new road perfectly. Volmar began to fix the map, quickly drawing the new road and connecting it to the existing infrastructure. In his haste (and perhaps with the added pressure of three people watching his every move), he did not draw a perfect circle of points. Weiss-Malik and I detoured into another conversation for a couple of minutes. By the time I looked back at the screen, Volmar had redrawn the circle with perfect precision and upgraded a few other things while he was at it. The actions were impressively automatic. This is an operation that promotes perfectionism. And that's how you get your maps to look this this: Some details are worth pointing out. In the top at the center, trails have been mapped out and coded as places for walking. All the parking lots have been mapped out. All the little roads, say, to the left of the small dirt patch on the right, have also been coded. Several of the actual buildings have been outlined. Down at the bottom left, a road has been marked as a no-go. At each and every intersection, there are arrows that delineate precisely where cars can and cannot turn. Now imagine doing this for every tile on Google's map in the United States and 30 other countries over the last four years. Every roundabout perfectly circular, every intersection with the correct logic. Every new development. Every one-way street. This is a task of a nearly unimaginable scale. This is not something you can put together with a few dozen smart engineers. I came away convinced that the geographic data Google has assembled is not likely to be matched by any other company. The secret to this success isn't, as you might expect, Google's facility with data, but rather its willingness to commit humans to combining and cleaning data about the physical world. Google's map offerings build in the human intelligence on the front end, and that's what allows its computers to tell you the best route from San Francisco to Boston. *** It's probably better not to think of Google Maps as a thing like a paper map. Geographic information systems represent a jump from paper maps like the abacus to the computer. "I honestly think we're seeing a more profound change, for map-making, than the switch from manuscript to print in the Renaissance," University of London cartographic historian Jerry Brotton told the Sydney Morning Herald. "That was huge. But this is bigger." The maps we used to keep folded in our glove compartments were a collection of lines and shapes that we overlaid with human intelligence. Now, as we've seen, a map is a collection of lines and shapes with Nick Volmar's (and hundreds of others') intelligence encoded within. It's common when we discuss the future of maps to reference the Borgesian dream of a 1:1 map of the entire world. It seems like a ridiculous notion that we would need a complete representation of the world when we already have the world itself. But to take scholar Nathan Jurgenson's conception of augmented reality seriously, we would have to believe that every physical space is, in his words, "interpenetrated" with information. All physical spaces already are also informational spaces. We humans all hold a Borgesian map in our heads of the places we know and we use it to navigate and compute physical space. Google's strategy is to bring all our mental maps together and process them into accessible, useful forms. Their MapMaker product makes that ambition clear. Project managed by Gupta during his time in India, it's the "bottom up" version of Ground Truth. It's a publicly accessible way to edit Google Maps by adding landmarks and data about your piece of the world. It's a way of sucking data out of human brains and onto the Internet. And it's a lot like Google's open competitor, Open Street Map, which has proven that it, too, can harness the crowd's intelligence. As we slip and slide into a world where our augmented reality is increasingly visible to us off and online, Google's geographic data may become its most valuable asset. Not solely because of this data alone, but because location data makes everything else Google does and knows more valuable. Or as my friend and sci-fi novelist Robin Sloan put it to me, "I maintain that this is Google's core asset. In 50 years, Google will be the self-driving car company (powered by this deep map of the world) and, oh, P.S. they still have a search engine somewhere." Of course, they will always need one more piece of geographic information to make all this effort worthwhile: You. Where you are, that is. Your location is the current that makes Google's giant geodata machine run. They've built this whole playground as an elaborate lure for you. As good and smart and useful as it is, good luck resisting taking the bait. * Due to a transcription error, an earlier version of this story stated that Google published 20PB of imagery data every two weeks. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Trump's Most Drastic Statement Yet The U.S. abandons the Paris Accord—and the global community it helped build. Uri Friedman, Daniel Lombroso, and Leah Varjacques Jun 1, 2017 About the Author Alexis C. Madrigal is a staff writer at The Atlantic. He's the author of Powering the Dream: The History and Promise of Green Technology. Twitter Email Most Popular Presented by Jonathan Bachman / Reuters The Myth of the Kindly General Lee Adam Serwer The legend of the Confederate leader’s heroism and decency is based in the fiction of a person who never existed. The strangest part about the continued personality cult of Robert E. Lee is how few of the qualities his admirers profess to see in him he actually possessed. Memorial Day has the tendency to conjure up old arguments about the Civil War. That’s understandable; it was created to mourn the dead of a war in which the Union was nearly destroyed, when half the country rose up in rebellion in defense of slavery. This year, the removal of Lee’s statue in New Orleans has inspired a new round of commentary about Lee, not to mention protests on his behalf by white supremacists. The myth of Lee goes something like this: He was a brilliant strategist and devoted Christian man who abhorred slavery and labored tirelessly after the war to bring the country back together. Continue Reading Neil Hall / Reuters What Trump Doesn't Understand About Gun Control in Great Britain David Frum British policies have proved remarkably effective—a fact that Saturday’s attack underscores, rather than undermines. Amid a flurry of other comments after the London attack, the president of the United States tweeted the following: Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 4, 2017 OK, so let’s talk about guns. Here’s a picture of London’s Borough Market on a more typical day in 2011. Here’s a scene of foot traffic on London Bridge leading to Borough Market. On a pleasant summer evening, tens of thousands of Londoners walk through or enjoy themselves in the neighborhood the terrorists attacked. Three men armed with high-capacity firearms would not have killed seven and wounded 48: They would have killed hundreds or even more. British police could use their firepower advantage to kill the three terrorists in eight minutes. Had the terrorists been equally armed, who knows what the outcome of the gun battle might have been? Continue Reading Mike Segar / Reuters The Panic President David A. Graham Rarely does a leader in a liberal democracy embrace, let alone foment, fear. But that’s exactly what Donald Trump did in response to attacks in London, as he has often done before. After a terrorist attack, there are two steps nearly every leader takes: first, condemn the violence; second, appeal for calm. London Mayor Sadiq Khan followed that familiar playbook in the wake of Saturday night’s attacks. Speaking to the BBC, Khan said: There aren’t words to describe the grief and anger that our city is feeling today. I’m appalled and furious that these cowardly terrorists would deliberately target innocent Londoners and bystanders enjoying their Saturday night. There can be no justification for the acts of these terrorists, and I’m quite clear that we will never let them win, nor will we allow to cower our city. Then Khan went on reassure the public: Londoners will see an increased police presence today and over the course of the next few days. No reason to be alarmed. One of the things, the police, all of us need to do, is make sure we’re as safe as we possibly can be. I’m reassured that we are one of the safest global cities in the world, if not the safest global city in the world, but we always evolve and review ways to make sure that we remain as safe as we possibly can. Continue Reading All photos courtesy of Alex Tizon and his family My Family’s Slave Alex Tizon  She lived with us for 56 years. She raised me and my siblings without pay. I was 11, a typical American kid, before I realized who she was. The ashes filled a black plastic box about the size of a toaster. It weighed three and a half pounds. I put it in a canvas tote bag and packed it in my suitcase this past July for the transpacific flight to Manila. From there I would travel by car to a rural village. When I arrived, I would hand over all that was left of the woman who had spent 56 years as a slave in my family’s household. Continue Reading mynameisharsha/flickr Life as a Nonviolent Psychopath Judith Ohikuare Neuroscientist James Fallon discovered through his work that he has the brain of a psychopath, and subsequently learned a lot about the role of genes in personality and how his brain affects his life. In 2005, James Fallon's life started to resemble the plot of a well-honed joke or big-screen thriller: A neuroscientist is working in his laboratory one day when he thinks he has stumbled upon a big mistake. He is researching Alzheimer's and using his healthy family members' brain scans as a control, while simultaneously reviewing the fMRIs of murderous psychopaths for a side project. It appears, though, that one of the killers' scans has been shuffled into the wrong batch. The scans are anonymously labeled, so the researcher has a technician break the code to identify the individual in his family, and place his or her scan in its proper place. When he sees the results, however, Fallon immediately orders the technician to double check the code. But no mistake has been made: The brain scan that mirrors those of the psychopaths is his own. Continue Reading Peter Nicholls / Reuters Why Trump Criticized a London Under Attack Peter Beinart The president believes that globalism costs jobs and lives—and that what makes America exceptional is its resistance to global integration. The narcissism generally comes first. Early Saturday evening, an hour after first retweeting a Drudge Report alert about the London terrorist attack, Donald Trump declared that, “We need to be smart, vigilant and tough. We need the courts to give us back our rights. We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!” In other words, London proves him right. Everything does. When Omar Mateen murdered 49 people at an Orlando nightclub last June, Trump tweeted, “Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism.” That same month, when The Wall Street Journal reported that NATO was considering creating a new intelligence coordinator to assist in the fight against terrorism, Trump—who wasn’t even yet the Republican presidential nominee—explained, “It’s all because of me.” Continue Reading HBO The Leftovers: A Nicer Story Spencer Kornhaber and Sophie Gilbert In “The Book of Nora,” a brilliant and continually surprising television show came to an end. Each week following episodes of the third and final season of The Leftovers, Sophie Gilbert and Spencer Kornhaber will discuss HBO’s drama about the aftermath of 2 percent of the world’s population suddenly vanishing. Spencer Kornhaber: By the time of its series finale, The Leftovers had already proven itself as a powerful statement about humanity. Its very last episode added in a powerful statement about goats. In this extremely weird, extremely emotional closing chapter, Nora’s Shawshank Redemption-esque assumption of an ensnared beast’s beads may have been the most weirdly emotional moment of all—one last mysterious encounter between human intelligence and nature’s randomness. With doves, dogs, deer, lions, and goats, The Leftovers has shown how to look into an animal’s eyes is to realize something about yourself. It has also shown that a jammed door can be the source of an epiphany, and the human search for meaning can result in unthinkable betrayal and incredible forgiveness. Continue Reading Miraflores Palace / Reuters How Populism Helped Wreck Venezuela Uri Friedman The story of how the country went from cheap fridges to no food is about more than socialism and corruption. What’s the problem with populism? Why, in some circles, has the term acquired such a negative connotation? After all, you could argue that populism is simply the promotion of popular ideas with which elites disagree. You could think of it as a movement to uproot a political establishment that has become unresponsive to the public. But populism can also be described as a political logic by which politicians claim to exclusively represent the righteous people in a struggle against the corrupt elite. And the hazards of adhering to that logic are on display right now in Venezuela. Hugo Chavez, the late leader of Venezuela’s socialist revolution, once provided his people with subsidized refrigerators from China, appearing on television in a mock kitchen to personally cross out the “capitalist” price tag on a fridge and write in a “Chavez discount.” Now his successor’s people have little to refrigerate. Three-fourths of Venezuelans reported involuntarily losing an average of 19 pounds in 2016 because of rampant food shortages and runaway inflation, which is making basic goods unaffordable. A third of Venezuelans reported eating two or fewer meals a day last year—triple the number recorded a year earlier. Child malnutrition has reached crisis levels. Continue Reading AP/The Atlantic What ISIS Really Wants Graeme Wood The Islamic State is no mere collection of psychopaths. It is a religious group with carefully considered beliefs, among them that it is a key agent of the coming apocalypse. Here’s what that means for its strategy—and for how to stop it. What is the Islamic State? Where did it come from, and what are its intentions? The simplicity of these questions can be deceiving, and few Western leaders seem to know the answers. In December, The New York Times published confidential comments by Major General Michael K. Nagata, the Special Operations commander for the United States in the Middle East, admitting that he had hardly begun figuring out the Islamic State’s appeal. “We have not defeated the idea,” he said. “We do not even understand the idea.” In the past year, President Obama has referred to the Islamic State, variously, as “not Islamic” and as al-Qaeda’s “jayvee team,” statements that reflected confusion about the group, and may have contributed to significant strategic errors. Continue Reading Joshua Roberts / Reuters The Republican Dilemma Jay Caruso GOP leaders are stuck trying to rein in Trump’s excesses without alienating their own primary voters, who are largely standing by their president. CARTERSVILLE, Ga.—Several miles off Route 41 in Bartow County, Georgia, is the downtown area of Cartersville. It's a throwback place with brick-face storefronts, independently owned businesses, and railroad tracks that bring freight trains straight through the center of the town every 30 minutes. Here, the firing of James Comey arouses not support or opposition, but rather, indifference. Nobody I spoke with cared either way; it doesn't affect them or their families. People shrugged when asked about Trump's tweetstorms. Most agreed that press treatment of Trump is too harsh. Overall, the focus for Trump voters here is the big picture: the economy, jobs, and border security. Bartow County is 885 miles from Manhattan, but this is Donald Trump country. He took 46 percent of the vote here during the primary, trailed by Ted Cruz at 25 percent and Marco Rubio at 18 percent. In the general election, Trump trounced Hillary Clinton, winning 75 percent of the vote to Clinton's 21 percent. Continue Reading Bob Woodward Tells the Media to Calm Down Ashley Bloom Kenny, Leah Varjacques, and Tynesha Foreman “It serves no one, the media or Trump, to have an almost thermonuclear war with each other.” Watch Video What Makes Things Cool? Alice Roth, Nicolas Pollock, Derek Thompson, and Caitlin Cadieux A handy acronym for popularity Watch Video 'Don't Sneak': A Father's Command to His Gay Son in the 1950s Nadine Ajaka In a StoryCorps animation, Patrick Haggerty remembers the remarkable advice he got from his dairy farmer dad. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Technology Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman AI Weekly: Google shifts from mobile-first to AI-first world iCrowdNewswire – May 29, 2017 Here’s this week’s newsletter: “An important shift from a mobile first world to an AI first world,” declared Google CEO Sundar Pichai, summarizing the Google I/O 2017 keynote yesterday. His description of the changes underway at his company apply to nearly every business today. Almost all of Google’s announcements touched on AI in one way or another. From introducing a second generation of TPU chips to accelerate deep learning for such applications as cancer research and DNA sequencing, to a broad effort to get Google Home on as many screens and devices as possible. (As I wrote last week, your living room is the next battle ground for intelligent assistants.) The company also shared that it’s speech recognition technology was now better than 95 percent accurate. It’s all about a transition from “searching and organizing the world’s information to AI and machine learning,” Pichai said. Is such a change underway at your company, too? If so, drop me a line and tell me what’s afoot. For AI coverage, send news tips to Khari Johnson and guest post submissions to John Brandon. Please be sure to visit our AI Channel. Thanks for reading, Blaise Zerega Editor in Chief Full article: https://venturebeat.com/2017/05/18/ai-weekly-google-shifts-from-mobile-first-to-ai-first-world/ CategoriesUncategorized Tags(North America, artificial intelligence, Artificial Intelligence Newswire, Asia, English, Europe, Google, Latin America, United Kingdom Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asia-Pacific Potassium Metabisulfite Market Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Next PostNext Asia-Pacific Process Water Treatment Chemicals Market Trends, Growth, Type and Application, Manufacturers, Regions & forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global And China Composite Adhesives Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Rear View Camera Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Rotary Variable Differential Transformer Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global Baby Diaper Rash Cream Market Research Report 2017 Global Distributed Fibre Optic Sensors Market Size 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 160 Plus 1 on G+ 76 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares300 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh abc Gee, you're an idiot. Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. abc lol, butthurt fanboy. catalysto So brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. abc fanboy's bum hurts. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? abc lol. It must be nice being American. In your tiny world, everyone either supports Trump or Hillary. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It must be nice being American. http://i.onionstatic.com/avclub/2294/30/16x9/960.jpg aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? abc No.1 in spam!! 'Murica, fuck yeah! Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I work from ease and comfort of my house, with quick tasks that only require from you a Computer system together with connection to the internet and I am also pleasant than ever before... After six months with this project and therefore i acquired compensated overall Thirty six Thousand dollars... Mainly I get near eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs daily.And tremendous factor regarding this job is usually that you can arrange your time whenever you work and for how long as you may like and you earn a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? derp_cookies About 4 at the moment. D.Smithee *crickets* abc Good. Can't wait for it to die. One less piece of Google bloatware on my phone. Gabby Now if we could only get the same examination of Disqus spam. Almost all of it looks so similar that their continuing failure to block it makes me suspect they are actually profiting from the spam somehow. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.331s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Infiniti Research Conducts Study to Analyze Current Hiring Market in the Bay Area Infiniti Research helps organizations identify new market opportunities. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Infiniti Research helps organizations identify new market opportunities. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail May 29, 2017 02:10 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Recruitment is a challenge for organizations across industries. An effective hiring plan is therefore essential, as having a plan that is aligned with corporate goals and visions leads to better performance and employee retention. Analyzing the factors that lead workers to change jobs and turn to competitors, as well as examining employee perception of the organization, can help create a robust and successful hiring strategy. Infiniti Research was recently approached by a multinational biotechnology product development company to perform an assessment of the current hiring market. The company wanted to identify and assess the best practices followed by employers in the target region, the Bay Area. Infiniti’s assessment team performed a reputation analysis of the client as an employer in the Bay area specific to areas such as salary, perks, facilities, HR policies, and job role. To meet the specific needs of the client, Infiniti’s research analysts held discussions with potential employees, recruitment experts, and HR executives across the business landscape and value chain. View the study: https://www.infinitiresearch.com/casestudy/market-assessment-assists-leading-biotechnology-company Market Developments Connecting relevant job listings with job hunters who have the requisite skills can be a challenge on both ends of the process. Firms and recruiters struggle to be seen, and applicants need to filter through a multitude of listings that may or may not be related to their search. Technology giant Google is now stepping into the arena to help facilitate that process. Rather than compete with existing job search sites, Google is focusing on making it easier for job seekers to find existing listings. Its new job search engine, Google for Jobs, is partnering with LinkedIn, Facebook, Monster, Glassdoor, and other services and will allow users to filter by qualities such as location, duration, and date posted. Its machine learning will also help return results that don’t necessarily match the query’s wording but are nevertheless related, such as similar jobs with different titles. Google reports that its pilot project has already increased job applicants by 18% for participating companies. Request a brochure to see how Infiniti’s insights can help you Market Opportunities In fields and locations where the job market is competitive, applicants have their choice of employers and companies must work to attract quality talent. Market intelligence can provide important data such as employee perception of your own company and your competitors, as well as the hiring practices and offerings of other companies within your field. Armed with this information, you will be well prepared to develop effective recruitment strategies to attract the right talent. Infiniti’s latest market assessment of the hiring scenario in the Bay Area provided the client with insights into emerging trends and drivers specific to the recruitment industry, as well as a reputation analysis of the client as an employer in terms of factors such as salary, perks, facilities, HR policies, and job role. This allowed the client to assess the hiring scenario in the region and develop a robust and comprehensive hiring plan. Have questions about this study? Request more information on this report About Infiniti Research Established in 2003, Infiniti Research is a leading market intelligence company providing smart solutions to address your business challenges. Infiniti Research studies markets in more than 100 countries to help analyze competitive activity, see beyond market disruptions, and develop intelligent business strategies. With 13 years of experience and offices across three continents, Infiniti Research has been instrumental in providing a complete range of competitive intelligence, strategy, and research services for over 550 companies across the globe. Contacts Infiniti Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.infinitiresearch.com Contact Us Release Summary Infiniti Research analyzes the current hiring market in the Bay Area. #Hashtags #Biotechnology #BayArea #HR #Hiring #Jobs Contacts Infiniti Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.infinitiresearch.com Contact Us Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Gavin Phillips This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Windows This Easy Trick Makes Windows 10 Start Up Faster Nancy Messieh Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Google Assistant vs. Siri: Which iPhone Voice Assistant Is Best? iPhone and iPad Google Assistant vs. Siri: Which iPhone Voice Assistant Is Best? Khamosh Pathak May 29, 2017 29-05-2017 6 minutes Google Assistant vs. Siri: Which iPhone Voice Assistant Is Best? Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google Assistant began life as an exclusive feature for Google Pixel phones. But now it’s slowly starting to spread its wings. First, modern Android devices running Marshmallow and Nougat got it, Google Assistant Is Coming to More Smartphones Google Assistant Is Coming to More Smartphones Google is beginning to roll Google Assistant out to more smartphones. Unfortunately, the majority of Android handsets are not included in this initial rollout thanks to fragmentation. Read More  and now it’s available as a standalone app for the iPhone You Can Now Use Google Assistant on Your iPhone You Can Now Use Google Assistant on Your iPhone Google has done the unthinkable and brought Google Assistant to the iPhone. Google Assistant is Google's answer to Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana, and Amazon's Alexa. Read More (in the U.S.). It’s no secret that when it comes to online services, Google is much better at it than Apple. And when MKBHD compared Siri on iOS vs Google Assistant on Android, Google Assistant threw quite a lot of punches. But how does Google Assistant work on the iPhone? What exactly does it do? And is it worth your time? Setting Up and Using Google Assistant on iPhone Setting up Google Assistant on iPhone is really easy. If you already use a Google app on your iPhone and you’re logged in, you’ll see an option to continue with the same account. You’re then taken to Google Assistant’s conversational interface. This is similar to Siri, only with less of a The Dark Knight feel and more of a daytime talk show vibe. There’s a microphone button at the bottom. Tap it and start talking to your assistant. As the speech recognition engine is backed by Google it’s actually really good at picking up what you say (although as it’s U.S. only right now, there’s no option to change the language). That’s mostly what Google wants you to do with this app: talk, explore, get answers, do things. Google Assistant has another party trick up its sleeve. Tap on the faded keyboard button in the bottom-right and up pops the keyboard Did Google Make the Best iPhone Keyboard Yet? Meet Gboard Did Google Make the Best iPhone Keyboard Yet? Meet Gboard Google recently launched a new keyboard for iPhones called Gboard, and it's exclusively available on iOS right now. It's also probably the best mobile keyboard you have ever used. Read More . You can now type to Google Assistant and ask for help when you can’t summon it with your voice (something you can’t do with Siri). You’ll see a floating Assistant icon in the top right. Once you tap it you’ll find the Explore and My Stuff tabs. Explore tab lists things you can ask Assistant to do for you and My Stuff lets you view your reminders, agenda, shopping list and shortcuts all in one page. To go to Settings or Account, tap on the three-dot menu in the top-right. The Flash Briefing feature is also present but you need to enable new sources from Settings first. Google has also made it easy (well, as easy as it can be) to start talking to Google Assistant. If you have an iPhone 6s or above, you can just 3D Touch Everything You Can Do With 3D Touch on Your iPhone Everything You Can Do With 3D Touch on Your iPhone 3D touch is really just a fancy name for a pressure-sensitive screen, but adds a whole array of extra input options to iOS. Read More the Assistant app icon and tap on the widget to start talking to Assistant. You can also add the widget to your Today View iOS 10 Widgets Are Great: Here's How to Put Them to Good Use iOS 10 Widgets Are Great: Here's How to Put Them to Good Use Apple's new widgets in iOS 10 might not seem like a big deal, but developers have already made great use of this new function. Here's how to use them. Read More to start talking to it directly from the Lock screen. Siri Has Home Field Advantage Siri is integrated into iOS. It has system level access to your data, it can perform system level tasks and is accessible from anywhere. Google Assistant has none of those privileges. You can just press and hold the Home button on your iPhone to talk to Siri. If you’re using iPhone 6s or above, you can even set up “Hey Siri” functionality Make the Most of Hands-Free "Hey Siri" on Your iPhone or iPad Make the Most of Hands-Free "Hey Siri" on Your iPhone or iPad Here's how Apple's hands-free "Hey Siri" command can make your life easier. Read More that lets you talk to Siri without even touching your phone. To talk to Google Assistant, you have to unlock your iPhone and at least tap once (even if it is to 3D Touch the app icon from your Home screen). And once you start talking to Assistant, Siri’s home field advantage just grows. If you’re like me, you use Siri to run iPhone errands for you The Master List of Every Siri Command and Question The Master List of Every Siri Command and Question Siri can do a lot for you, but did you know she could do this much? Here's an exhaustive list of commands Siri will take. Read More . Calling someone, leaving someone an iMessage, setting an alarm, opening apps, toggling settings, adding things to Reminders app Use Siri and Apple Reminders for the Best Shopping Lists Use Siri and Apple Reminders for the Best Shopping Lists Don't waste your money on a third-party app, just use Apple free iPhone and Mac apps. Read More , and so on. It’s these system-level tasks where Google Assistant doesn’t do so well or outright fails. When you ask Assistant to call someone for you, it will throw up a popup that you need to tap before it can connect the call for you. Sending an iMessage isn’t possible. Neither is setting an alarm, changing settings or controlling HomeKit accessories. You can ask Assistant to remind you about something but it won’t add it to the Reminders app — it will be stored in your Google account instead. Google Assistant Is Great for All Things Google Then what is Google Assistant actually good for? Searching for one This Cool Website Will Teach You Hundreds of Google Search Tips This Cool Website Will Teach You Hundreds of Google Search Tips Anyone can use Google search to a satisfactory degree, but if you really want to get fast and accurate results, you'll want to learn these simple but amazing tips. Read More . And because Siri integrates with Bing search, these are exactly the things Siri isn’t so good at. Whether it’s asking difficult time zone conversion questions, looking for a restaurant nearby, doing complex math, looking up trivia, or just looking at pictures of cats, Assistant does it right, almost every time. Google is also better at follow up questions and remembering the context. You can ask Google how far a city is and what’s the temperature there without repeating its name. Then there’s the extended Google apps and services family. If you’re one of those people who use Google’s suite of products on iPhone (Google Maps, Gmail, Google Calendar, Google Keep, etc.) you’ll find that Google Assistant is actually helpful. You can ask Google for directions to a place and they’ll open directly in Google Maps Waze vs. Google Maps: Which App Will Navigate Home Faster Waze vs. Google Maps: Which App Will Navigate Home Faster Waze and Google Maps are both solid navigation apps, but which one is the best? Read More . And then there are some things you don’t even need to open the specific apps for. Just tell Assistant to send a mail to one of your contacts and it’ll be drafted right there. You can also directly add events to your Google calendar from here. The same goes for adding things to your shopping list. But there are also some weird outliers. When I asked Assistant to play YouTube videos, it opened YouTube website in Safari instead of the YouTube app. I also wasn’t able to get it to play songs in Play Music 7 Cool Things You Can Do With Google Play Music 7 Cool Things You Can Do With Google Play Music In this article, we'll introduce you to some cool things you can do with Google Play Music that both beginners and veterans alike may not be aware of, but should make use of. Read More . A Note About Privacy Google Assistant records your voice and sends it to its servers. If you give it permission, it also records the location where you interacted with it. Plus, some functionality requires you to give it access to your contacts. Of course, Apple also does all of that but Apple’s privacy policy is better than Google’s. Google is known to use user’s information like their preferences and location to serve them ads. Apple encrypts the data that’s sent to their servers. If you’re all in on Google’s ecosystem, you might have accepted it as the price to pay for the convenience of the service What Does Google Know About You? Find Out and Manage Your Privacy and Security What Does Google Know About You? Find Out and Manage Your Privacy and Security For the first time, search giant Google is offering a way for you to check the information it has about you, how it is gathering that data, and new tools to start reclaiming your privacy. Read More . Or you trust Google’s privacy policy (they do encrypt your data). Rest assured that as Assistant is an app, it can’t access any of your personal details stored in the device or specific features that you don’t give it access to. If you’re not comfortable with Google accessing your location, recording your voice and the conversation data, you should stay away from the Assistant app. Should You Be Using Google Assistant on iPhone? Google Assistant isn’t a replacement for Siri on the iPhone. Overall, Google Assistant might be a better voice assistant. But on the iPhone, it can’t hold a candle to Siri. Because Siri is a default, it’s not a fair comparison. If you’re a prolific user of Google’s services, it might be worth looking into Google Assistant. Right now the iPhone app can only perform a subset of tasks compared to its Android counterpart 10 Things You Didn't Know Google Assistant Could Do 10 Things You Didn't Know Google Assistant Could Do Android's version of Siri -- Google Assistant -- is more powerful than most people realize. Read More . But it’ll only get better. For specific things like searching for answers, and interacting with Google services, it is better than Siri. But if you’re all in on Apple and use iCloud services Better Than iCloud? 6 Superior Cloud Services for Apple Users Better Than iCloud? 6 Superior Cloud Services for Apple Users In some ways, the things that make Apple such a great hardware and software company make it bad at the cloud. Read More , Google Assistant might not be that useful for you. The Future of Google Assistant Google Assistant just made its way to the iPhone and it’s only available in the U.S. right now. Broadly speaking, Assistant is still new. Until a couple of months ago, it was exclusive to Pixel devices, Google Home and Google Allo app. Google is good at making small and consistent improvements to its software (a skill Apple should learn). And Google Assistant is at the beginning of that process. In the next few months, Google Assistant will get a lot more interesting, and a lot more useful — even for iPhone users. Just like Amazon Alexa 18 Awesome New Amazon Alexa Skills You Need to Try 18 Awesome New Amazon Alexa Skills You Need to Try The Amazon Echo's list of skills is growing all the time. Let's take a look at the most useful and silliest skills from the past few months. Read More , Google will add third party developer integrations. This will open up a whole new world of interaction. Google’s augmented reality feature, Google Lens, is also coming to Google Assistant All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos All the New Things You Can Do With Google Photos Google is adding a bunch of new features to Google Photos. All of which should help make Google Photos even more of an essential app than it is already. Read More in a couple of months. Do you find Google Assistant’s capabilities useful enough that you’ll start using it? Image Credit: Katyr via Shutterstock.com Previous PostMove Over GarageBand: Making Music With Auxy for iPhone and iPadNext PostCould Your Emoji Use Land You in Court? 1 comment Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Pookie May 31, 2017 at 6:09 am "Google is known to use user’s information like their preferences and location to serve them ads. Apple encrypts the data that’s sent to their servers." This quote alone should qualify you for some kind of an award. I suggest the completely clueless cup. Reply Khamosh Pathak 35 articles Khamosh Pathak is a freelance technology writer and User Experience Designer. When he's not helping people make the best of their current technology, he's helping clients design better apps and websites. In his free time, you'll find him watching comedy specials on Netflix and trying once again, to get through… Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right for You? Android Entertainment Android Auto vs. Apple CarPlay: Which In-Car System Is Right… Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You Should Be Using Android Get More Out of Your Fitbit: 10 Android Apps You… This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Related Articles 4 Ways Your Location Is Being Tracked Everywhere You Go Security 4 Ways Your Location Is Being Tracked Everywhere You Go Are Online DNA Testing Services Safe and Secure? Security Are Online DNA Testing Services Safe and Secure? This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 12:59 A.M. ET China Caixin services PMI expands in May 12:38 A.M. ET Updated Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, UAE sever diplomatic relations with Qatar 6/04 Updated Asian markets hold steady, shaking off U.K. tensions 6/04 Updated Herbalife to lower its quarterly sales outlook: report 6/04 Vladimir Putin was being a troll and Megyn Kelly wasn’t having it 6/04 Top Democrat says there’s smoke, but ‘no smoking gun’ yet in Russia probe 6/04 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 6/04 Putin denies U.S. election meddling, says he barely met Mike Flynn 6/04 Updated 4 lifestyle changes to reduce your cancer risk 6/04 Updated 9 secrets to staying young 6/04 Updated How to get all Americans to save for retirement 6/04 Updated When does the five-year rule apply to Roth IRAs? 6/04 Updated Facebook aims to be ‘hostile environment for terrorists’ 6/04 Updated You’ve probably never heard of the fastest-growing job in America (clue: it helps the environment) 6/04 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 6/04 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 6/04 Updated Teenage boys and girls are choosing very different careers 6/04 Updated More evidence student debt is making young people think twice about marriage 6/04 Updated 11 ways to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own community 6/04 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? He asked me to Venmo him $1.50 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until Tokyo Markets Close Currencies Europe Markets London Markets Home Press Release Infiniti Research Conducts Study to Analyze Current Hiring Market in the Bay Area By Published: May 29, 2017 2:10 p.m. ET Share LONDON, May 29, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Recruitment is a challenge for organizations across industries. An effective hiring plan is therefore essential, as having a plan that is aligned with corporate goals and visions leads to better performance and employee retention. Analyzing the factors that lead workers to change jobs and turn to competitors, as well as examining employee perception of the organization, can help create a robust and successful hiring strategy. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170529005240/en/ Infiniti Research was recently approached by a multinational biotechnology product development company to perform an assessment of the current hiring market. The company wanted to identify and assess the best practices followed by employers in the target region, the Bay Area. Infiniti’s assessment team performed a reputation analysis of the client as an employer in the Bay area specific to areas such as salary, perks, facilities, HR policies, and job role. To meet the specific needs of the client, Infiniti’s research analysts held discussions with potential employees, recruitment experts, and HR executives across the business landscape and value chain. View the study: https://www.infinitiresearch.com/casestudy/market-assessment-assists-leading-biotechnology-company Market Developments Connecting relevant job listings with job hunters who have the requisite skills can be a challenge on both ends of the process. Firms and recruiters struggle to be seen, and applicants need to filter through a multitude of listings that may or may not be related to their search. Technology giant Google is now stepping into the arena to help facilitate that process. Rather than compete with existing job search sites, Google is focusing on making it easier for job seekers to find existing listings. Its new job search engine, Google for Jobs, is partnering with LinkedIn, Facebook, Monster, Glassdoor, and other services and will allow users to filter by qualities such as location, duration, and date posted. Its machine learning will also help return results that don’t necessarily match the query’s wording but are nevertheless related, such as similar jobs with different titles. Google reports that its pilot project has already increased job applicants by 18% for participating companies. Request a brochure  to see how Infiniti’s insights can help you Market Opportunities In fields and locations where the job market is competitive, applicants have their choice of employers and companies must work to attract quality talent. Market intelligence can provide important data such as employee perception of your own company and your competitors, as well as the hiring practices and offerings of other companies within your field. Armed with this information, you will be well prepared to develop effective recruitment strategies to attract the right talent. Infiniti’s latest market assessment of the hiring scenario in the Bay Area provided the client with insights into emerging trends and drivers specific to the recruitment industry, as well as a reputation analysis of the client as an employer in terms of factors such as salary, perks, facilities, HR policies, and job role. This allowed the client to assess the hiring scenario in the region and develop a robust and comprehensive hiring plan. Have questions about this study?  Request more information on this report About Infiniti Research Established in 2003, Infiniti Research is a leading market intelligence company providing smart solutions to address your business challenges. Infiniti Research studies markets in more than 100 countries to help analyze competitive activity, see beyond market disruptions, and develop intelligent business strategies. With 13 years of experience and offices across three continents, Infiniti Research has been instrumental in providing a complete range of competitive intelligence, strategy, and research services for over 550 companies across the globe. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170529005240/en/ SOURCE: Infiniti Research"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Infiniti_Res Infiniti Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.infinitiresearch.com Contact Us Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage Trump Announcement on Paris Climate Accord Most Popular Stock market bracing for potentially the most explosive stretch of trading this year Harley-Davidson is recalling 57,000 motorcycles Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Trump Quits Climate Deal — Citing ‘America First’ MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Massive Attack on Google Play May Have Reached 36 Million Users By Douglas A. McIntyre May 29, 2017 8:05 am EDT Print Email Tweet Alphabet Inc.’s (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Google Play product has been the target of a huge malware attack which has affected as many as 36 million users. Google Play allows Android OS mobile users access to apps, movies, music, and books. Android is the most widely distributed mobile OS in the world and is used on almost all smartphones not produced by Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL). According to research firm Check Point: Check Point researchers discovered another widespread malware campaign on Google Play, Google’s official app store. The malware, dubbed “Judy”, is an auto-clicking adware which was found on 41 apps developed by a Korean company. The malware uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. The malicious apps reached an astonishing spread between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads. Some of the apps we discovered resided on Google Play for several years, but all were recently updated. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown. We also found several apps containing the malware, which were developed by other developers on Google Play. The connection between the two campaigns remains unclear, and it is possible that one borrowed code from the other, knowingly or unknowingly. The oldest app of the second campaign was last updated in April 2016, meaning that the malicious code hid for a long time on the Play store undetected. These apps also had a large amount of downloads between 4 and 18 million, meaning the total spread of the malware may have reached between 8.5 and 36.5 million users. Similar to previous malware which infiltrated Google Play, such as FalseGuide and Skinner, Judy relies on the communication with its Command and Control server (C&C) for its operation. After Check Point notified Google about this threat, the apps were swiftly removed from the Play store. Malware attacks have been in the news recently. Ransomeware called WannaCry recently hit approximately 200,000 computers in 150 countries, and, in the process, virtually shut down the U.S. health care network. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « Russia’s First Commercial Airplane Takes Off How Much It Costs to Live in Some of America’s Best Neighborhoods » Read more: Apps & Software, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), GOOGL Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning The Most and Least Reliable Car in Each Class Cities Where Crime Is Soaring The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America The Most Dangerous City in Every State Recent “Wonder Woman” Hits $100 Million, Record For Female Director Analysts Find Gold, Dross in Retail Stocks IPOs This Week: ShotSpotter Headlines Limited Action Chinese Admit Cars Are Major Source Of Air Pollution Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 11 Million Americans Are Making This Huge Money Mistake 1 Important Portfolio Checkup You Need to Do in 2017 An Apple Inc. Supplier Seems to Confirm the iPhone 8 Delay Prime Minister Theresa May: London incidents to be treated as terror incidents Dow, S&P 500 end up 0.3%; Nasdaq Composite closes up 0.9% Nasdaq logs a 1.5% weekly return Can't Keep a Good Market Down Does the Stock Market Care About the Paris Climate Deal? American Express (AXP) Gains Exclusive Card Deal for Hilton Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised U.S. Energy Secretary says U.S. to remain committed to environment Wasted green power tests China's energy leadership 'Wonder Woman' Shatters Box Office With Biggest Female Director Opening. Ever. SpaceX Launches First Recycled Cargo Ship Into Orbit A New Bill Would Protect Immigrant Farmworkers. It Has Little Chance Of Survival. Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Infiniti Research Conducts Study to Analyze Current Hiring Market in the Bay Area LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Recruitment is a challenge for organizations across industries. An effective hiring plan is therefore essential, as having a plan that is aligned with corporate goals and visions leads to better performance and employee retention. Analyzing the factors that lead workers to change jobs and turn to competitors, as well as examining employee perception of the organization, can help create a robust and successful hiring strategy. Infiniti Research was recently approached by a multinational biotechnology product development company to perform an assessment of the current hiring market. The company wanted to identify and assess the best practices followed by employers in the target region, the Bay Area. Infiniti’s assessment team performed a reputation analysis of the client as an employer in the Bay area specific to areas such as salary, perks, facilities, HR policies, and job role. To meet the specific needs of the client, Infiniti’s research analysts held discussions with potential employees, recruitment experts, and HR executives across the business landscape and value chain. View the study: https://www.infinitiresearch.com/casestudy/market-assessment-assists-leading-biotechnology-company Market Developments Connecting relevant job listings with job hunters who have the requisite skills can be a challenge on both ends of the process. Firms and recruiters struggle to be seen, and applicants need to filter through a multitude of listings that may or may not be related to their search. Technology giant Google is now stepping into the arena to help facilitate that process. Rather than compete with existing job search sites, Google is focusing on making it easier for job seekers to find existing listings. Its new job search engine, Google for Jobs, is partnering with LinkedIn, Facebook, Monster, Glassdoor, and other services and will allow users to filter by qualities such as location, duration, and date posted. Its machine learning will also help return results that don’t necessarily match the query’s wording but are nevertheless related, such as similar jobs with different titles. Google reports that its pilot project has already increased job applicants by 18% for participating companies. Request a brochure to see how Infiniti’s insights can help you Market Opportunities In fields and locations where the job market is competitive, applicants have their choice of employers and companies must work to attract quality talent. Market intelligence can provide important data such as employee perception of your own company and your competitors, as well as the hiring practices and offerings of other companies within your field. Armed with this information, you will be well prepared to develop effective recruitment strategies to attract the right talent. Infiniti’s latest market assessment of the hiring scenario in the Bay Area provided the client with insights into emerging trends and drivers specific to the recruitment industry, as well as a reputation analysis of the client as an employer in terms of factors such as salary, perks, facilities, HR policies, and job role. This allowed the client to assess the hiring scenario in the region and develop a robust and comprehensive hiring plan. Have questions about this study? Request more information on this report About Infiniti Research Established in 2003, Infiniti Research is a leading market intelligence company providing smart solutions to address your business challenges. Infiniti Research studies markets in more than 100 countries to help analyze competitive activity, see beyond market disruptions, and develop intelligent business strategies. With 13 years of experience and offices across three continents, Infiniti Research has been instrumental in providing a complete range of competitive intelligence, strategy, and research services for over 550 companies across the globe. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Water Safety PSA Series, “Learning to swim, led me to …” launched by Float Like A Duck Next PostNext Geomembranes Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Vaisala partners with DryKeep to enhance transformer moisture monitoring New Report On Global Healthcare Analytics Market 2017 Edition Pöyry awarded engineering services assignment for EPC Selection of GLEDC’s supercritical power plant in the Philippines Electric Enclosure Market Report 2017: Top Countries, Manufacturers, Types and Applications Focused Ion Beam Market Expected to Reach $4.9 billion, Globally, by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 160 Plus 1 on G+ 76 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares300 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh abc Gee, you're an idiot. Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. abc lol, butthurt fanboy. catalysto So brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. abc fanboy's bum hurts. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? abc lol. It must be nice being American. In your tiny world, everyone either supports Trump or Hillary. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It must be nice being American. http://i.onionstatic.com/avclub/2294/30/16x9/960.jpg aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? abc No.1 in spam!! 'Murica, fuck yeah! Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I work from ease and comfort of my house, with quick tasks that only require from you a Computer system together with connection to the internet and I am also pleasant than ever before... After six months with this project and therefore i acquired compensated overall Thirty six Thousand dollars... Mainly I get near eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs daily.And tremendous factor regarding this job is usually that you can arrange your time whenever you work and for how long as you may like and you earn a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? derp_cookies About 4 at the moment. D.Smithee *crickets* abc Good. Can't wait for it to die. One less piece of Google bloatware on my phone. Gabby Now if we could only get the same examination of Disqus spam. Almost all of it looks so similar that their continuing failure to block it makes me suspect they are actually profiting from the spam somehow. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.331s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
CLOSE Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Monday, June 5, 2017 Insider K Street Lifestyle Opinion Politics Religion Sports Voting Laws Culture Health Immigration Technology Economy Education Energy Home Technology Are Minorities Being Left Behind in the Google+ Migration? Policy Technology Are Minorities Being Left Behind in the Google+ Migration? By Jeneba Ghatt - 2:30pm July 18, 2011 21692 91 SHARE Facebook Twitter For all the talk about US Blacks and Hispanics being the most active users of Twitter and having a substantial membership on Facebook, it seems they may not be quickly migrating to and taking advantage of Google’s latest attempt at breaking into the social media sphere, the Google + project. It is still quite early in the Google+ roll out, but according to a recent analysis, membership on that site has grown 350% since it launched to members of the tech community on an invite-only basis on June 28.   Today, there are reports that over 10 million people have already joined Google +.   But scan the profile images of some of the 940,000 users  listed on the website Find People on Plus and you may notice the dearth of brown and black faces among users.  And even among those who managed to get an early invite, they are like many of the later adopters who do not necessarily “get” the new platform yet and have simply set up a basic profile and have not used it since.  Much of the buzz of the site had to do with the fact that so few people were allowed on in its earliest Beta testing stages. The curious all wanted a golden ticket. The site is used most actively now by the crowd of adventurous tech aficionados who are anxious to see Google finally get the social media thing right.  Google’s previous experiments with Buzz, Orkut, and Wave all failed to take off.   Google+ is slowly creating a new category of user addicts because it is cleaner, so far Ad-Free, and is touted as not being riddled with the same privacy concerns as Facebook, neither is it saddled with applications that litter users streams with gaming updates, for example.    Many Google+ users spend their time sharing ideas and tips on how to navigate the site.  They also lament how much better it is than Facebook in that it allows them more control over with whom they share information and interact, and how much easier it is to filter out those who they want to limit access to certain updates or photos. Who is on Google+ now? It still may be too soon to be taking a critical look at users of a 3-week old site, but since it launched, several articles have examined every aspect of the site including the fact that at one point, only 10% of its users were female.  Because more and more studies reveal that Hispanics and Blacks have higher than average mobile phone ownership and are accessing broadband through their mobile devices, it is not too presumptuous to think those groups would have been early adopters of Google+.  The “digital elite” , the interconnected web of popular bloggers, technical experts and early adopters to the newest technologies,  made up the earliest invitees.  This elite group is quite monolithic and for the most part includes middle to upper middle class professional whites and Asians.   In America anyway, most socialize in racially segregated circles so when Google allowed those on the site to invite their friends, it should come as no surprise then why the second wave of users mirrored the racial make up of the first wave.  Members of the black Technoratti who work with and associate with the general population of tech experts have a  healthy representation on Google+ now as well.  Perhaps, as they began to invite their circle of friends, they helped diversify the site. But beyond these audacious early users,  many are still skeptical about adopting yet another social media platform, and especially one that is not necessarily intuitive.   Google + requires people to categorize their network of family, friends, and colleagues into neat circles and enables users to participate in simultaneous video chat and explore articles categorized by interest. Google+ is not that intuitive as the tech savvy application development community may think.  It certainly is  not as turnkey as Facebook.  With Facebook, anyone can  pretty easily figure out the lay of the land within moments of signing up.  Not so much with Google +.   In response to some user confusion, there have been over two dozen articles published by leading tech publications and sites explaining how to navigate the site.  A killer competitor to Facebook  shouldn’t be so difficult to circumnavigate. And even then, many have already invested lots of  time cultivating a home on Facebook, building photo albums and “friending” long lost classmates and relatives.  It will take a lot to get many reluctant and less active  folks to adopt Google +.  So the question remains whether it will survive the initial rounds of early users, folks who are eager for its success and will more quickly appreciate its benefits. But then again, not all people “got” Twitter initially either.  Minorities slowly gravitated to it as well and have since taken over,  some reports say.   An Edison Research annual report on Twitter  showed that Blacks represented 25% of Twitter users, roughly twice their share of the population in general.  A Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project report showed slightly lower usage statistics, but still impressive, indicating usage among blacks and Hispanics proportionate to their population at 13% and 18%, respectively. Google+  shares user demographics based on region of the country, profession, and gender but not race.   When Google opens the site to all users, we may likely see more minorities migrate over but not as quickly as one would think or some would want. Social media expert Lindsay Holmes, owner of LCH Business, a branding & marketing company, says while Google+ may be a competitor to Facebook, she doesn’t think Google+ will be Twitter killer. “People who get Twitter and use it for marketing won’t abandon it that fast because they know its utility and Google+ can’t compete,” Holmes said. ” If there is anything that will slow minorities down from adopting any new technology that would be  intimidation and once they get over that initial hurdle, they will get on.” Holmes said when people are able to realize the usability of Google+, they will join more when it becomes available to more.  “We are people that need usability and understand usability,” she added. It is quite possible then that Hispanics and Blacks, as a group, may be among the last to join the site if it indeed lasts through the long haul and becomes a viable competitor to Facebook.  They may be less likely than other groups to join the bandwagon and try a new platform.  They may remain loyal users of Twitter and Facebook as Asian and Whites, and tech savvy higher income minorities join Google+. Google+, the place to go to escape the  “ghettoization” of other social media platforms In essence, if  Google+ indeed is able to court away some of Facebook’s 750 Million users and black and brown users adopt later, we may be looking at a repeat of what happened with MySpace.  According Researcher Danah Boyd, scores of more affluent and white users abandoned MySpace for Facebook partly because there was an impression that it had become too “ghetto” and used by blacks and Hispanics.     She discussed this issue back in 2007 in a controversial chapter of a forthcoming book addressing “digital” white flight, the Digital Race Anthology. In White Flight in Networked Publics?  How Race and Class Shaped American Teen Engagement with MySpace and  Facebook, the Microsoft Research and Harvard Berkman Center for Internet and Society scholar conducted ethnographic research and used anecdotal conversations with over 100 youth to conclude there was a “white flight” from MySpace because it had become too brown. Currently, Blacks and Hispanics still have a predominant presence on MySpace and are represented on that site at a disproportionate rate at 26% and 45%, respectively, when they are 12% and 16% in the population as a whole.  Some have speculated, though not gone on record saying, that Rupert Murdoch sold off MySpace, which was once valued at $12 billion for a mere $35 million because he saw no value in a tool being used primarily by minorities and poor whites.  Some critics of Murdoch say MySpace went down hill after Murdoch’s Newscorp acquired the once popular site, first used by nascent bands and performing groups to promote their albums and songs.  He failed to sufficiently invest in it to make it competitive to new sites – Facebook launched one year after MySpace- and then quickly abandoned it when its cream users stopped using it.  A more plausible explanation may be that NewsCorp simply wanted to free up some cash to acquire a majority stake in UK’s Sky Broadcasting, that MySpace was too prone to viruses, hackers and spam than Facebook or because Facebook was simply more attractive options for users.  But those who stayed, did so by choice.  As one blogger on the Project Economic Refugee pointed out, what Latinos loved about MySpace was the freedom to be creative, everything Facebook isn’t and why they did not join it when everyone else was. Facebook  is used widely by all races these days as is Twitter. But as mentioned,  recent reports indicate higher than average Twitter use among Blacks and Hispanics and data indicate this may because they are more likely using their mobile devices to access social media than whites. According to a new report by the Pew Research Center’s Internet & American LIfe Project, 44% of African Americans and Hispanics say they own a smartphone, compared to just 30% of non-Hispanic whites. Using this type of data as a guide, several bloggers and tech watchers have pondered whether Black and Hispanics use of mobile devices will enable them to leapfrog over other groups and help them bridge the digital divide. While idealistic and hopeful, that outcome would hardly be realized so long as Blacks and Hispanics are slow to navigate to new services. Are minorities positioned to be left behind? Since Google+ was rolled out, a benefit of being an early adopter is being able to access and be visible to some of the top players in the digital, programming and application world.  Those who are followed by millions on Twitter, are only being “followed” by hundreds or thousands on Google+.  When followers pose a query as a follow up to a post by a more popular user, they are more likely to get a direct answer.  There is interaction. Right now is the peak and prime time to get on, start exploring, learn from and exchange with leaders in your field you may not ordinarily have easy access to on other platforms.  Once the site is opened to millions that accessibility will dissipate most likely. Many of the current inhabitants are dreading the inevitable.  When news broke this week that Google plans to soon open up the social media tool to everyone, some Google+ users let out a collective sigh. “There goes the neighborhood,” one person commented on the stream of noted Tech writer Mike Elgan. Another added, “As soon as Google+ is open, the quality will drop.” These retorts show that Google+ perhaps , for a few, is a place to escape the not so pleasant aspects of Twitter, including users who in the past have been said to be degrading the medium by using it to create and discuss crass, misogynistic, racist and even violent trending topics.  While some users may want to be exclusionary, Google can’t afford to shun anyone if it truly plans to put a dent into Facebook’s 750 Million user database. It will have to be inclusive of broad demographics, encourage them to navigate over and make it useful and easy for them to stay and set up shop in a similar fashion as the earliest adopters. When the site is eventually opened who is to say even whether minority groups and younger users will wander over and join immediately?  It may not matter. Google+ may bolt out the starting gate, gain momentum and slowly die out just like other social media sites that have tried to rival and best Facebook.   Only time will tell. TAGS Buzz Facebook Google Google Plus MySpace Orkut Pew PlusOne Twitter Wave SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleAmbassador Rice Welcomes South Sudan to U.N., Pledges American Support Next articleWill High Black Unemployment Rates Affect Obama in 2012? Jeneba Ghatt http://jenebaspeaks.com Jeneba Jalloh Ghatt represents small, women, and minority owned business and technology companies at The Ghatt Law Group LLC, the nations’ first communications law firm owned by women and minorities. She's won landmark cases on behalf of her clients which include national civil rights and public interest organizations. In addition to actively authoring several blogs, being a radio show host and sitting on the boards of three non-profits, she is a tech junkie who has been developing online web content since the very early years of the Internet, 1991 to be precise! Follow her on Twitter at @Jenebaspeaks, on her blog, Jenebaspeaks, which covers the intersection of politics and technology or on her Politics of Raising Children blog at The Washington Times Communities section. The ideas and opinions expressed in this article are solely those of the author, and have complete editorial independence from any Politic365 partners, sponsors, or advertisers. For additional information about Politic365, please visit http://politic365.com/about/. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Headline Yvette Clarke Taking Important Steps to Protect Cybersecurity, Privacy Technology While Privacy Rights Uncertain, Pai Seeks Unified Approach Technology 5G Rolling Out in “Test Markets” By Mid-2017 91 COMMENTS fuck 1:09pm June 5, 2016 at 1:09 pm whoah this weblog is wonderful i love studying your articles. Stay up the good work! You understand, lots of persons are looking around for this information, you could help them greatly. Reply ringing in ears treatment mayo clinic 7:12am August 29, 2016 at 7:12 am The authors note that tinnitus is a phantom perception”, awareness of sound in the absence of an external source, noting the sound can be pulled from memory”. Reply Corey 12:36pm September 3, 2016 at 12:36 pm If you are recreating an nineteenth century freight route you may be OK but should you resolve that as an alternative you’d like to run a modern Amtrak passenger practice it’s possible you’ll be plagued with derailments with such a small turning radius. Reply yeast infection boots uk 1:39pm September 20, 2016 at 1:39 pm It’s noticed that the yeast population is kept underneath control as long as the physique’s metabolism is functioning properly. Reply http://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com 5:05am September 25, 2016 at 5:05 am Nevertheless, I think that Life basically dictated his book and had some writer (who was not really math proficient) do the actual writing. Reply life like Trains parts 6:28am October 7, 2016 at 6:28 am Well then, hopefully the earlier article has given you some options on how you can begin anew to having fun with your hobbies. Reply Christal 9:38am October 11, 2016 at 9:38 am Hi! I understand thius is kind of off-topic but I had to ask. Doess opeating a well-established blog such as yours takme a lot of work? I am brand new tto writing a blog but I do write in my journal on a daily basis. I’d liuke to start a blog so I can easily share my experience and feelings online. Please leet me know iff you have any kind of suggestions oor tps for brand new aspiring bloggers. Appreciate it! Reply Iesha 11:23am October 16, 2016 at 11:23 am Isso vai poder assentir as coisas difíceis a fim de que você no primícias, a menos que você goste de pessoas tanto quanto este. Reply jocuri mario miniclip 6:14pm October 24, 2016 at 6:14 pm I thin thi iss onee off the most sigificant information foor me. And i’m glqd reawding yojr article. Butt wannja rewmark onn slme geheral things, Thhe webb site sthle iis wonderful, thhe rticles iss really nice : D. Goodd job, cheers Reply ads builders comberton 3:52am October 25, 2016 at 3:52 am And now, small business owners can create their own overlay advertisements using the tool that can be proven on YouTube. Reply jocuri mario 64 online 8:48am November 2, 2016 at 8:48 am Jusst dsire too sayy yokur article is ass astounding. Thhe clparity iin yur submit iis juhst nnice and i couhld sulpose you’re ann expert in this subject. Finee along with youjr permission allow mee tto snatchh youir feed too keep uup too date with comin near nedar post. Thwnk yyou one milion and pleasse eep upp tthe enjoyable work. Reply Madana Karimi 1:45pm November 3, 2016 at 1:45 pm As you already have the tag of a famous brand, you do not need much advertising. It means, you can make call to Pakistan by using your PC, laptop or smartphone. As far as Pakistani diaspora concerns, around 7 million Pakistanis have been migrated to different countries, according to a report. Reply 3370 7:52pm November 13, 2016 at 7:52 pm The first launch of a movie is usually of a decrease high quality because of a scarcity of sources, however is finally changed with higher-high quality releases as higher sources grow to be accessible. Reply best injury attorney 5:44pm November 17, 2016 at 5:44 pm What i don’t realize is in fact how you are not really much more smartly-appreciated than you might be now. You’re so intelligent. You realize thus considerably relating to this topic, made me for my part consider it from numerous varied angles. Its like men and women are not interested until it is something to do with Lady gaga! Your personal stuffs nice. All the time handle it up! Reply best gamsat preparation books 7:23am November 22, 2016 at 7:23 am ACER (Australian Council for Educational Research) organizes this examination in Australia, UK and Ireland. Reply travel insurance policy 9:07am December 6, 2016 at 9:07 am Traveling throws up lots of weird, funny and sometimes serious conditions that relating again to individuals will make you – at least – feel fascinating. Reply Gold Gizzard Juice 12:56pm December 9, 2016 at 12:56 pm Great post however , I was wanting to know if you could write a litte more on this subject? I’d be very thankful if you could elaborate a little bit more. Appreciate it! Reply milky way cases 7:16am December 10, 2016 at 7:16 am milky way cases Reply youtube.Com 11:36am December 14, 2016 at 11:36 am The battery compartment of some remote controls requires the use of a small Philips head screwdriver. Reply http://gumbubbler.com/author/annrubeo84 11:57am January 16, 2017 at 11:57 am This is very required so that everybody can excel in exactly what they want to do without fatigue overcoming them. Liver enzyme elevations were reversible and solved following treatment, the business stated. Another typical indication of herpes are cold sores or fever blisters on the mouth (oral herpes). Compared with HIV, liver disease C infection is more likely to still be unrecognized at the time of a person’s death. I think it’s time we handled these Nerve cell Infections once and for all, as I presume a lot of illness could be controlled or gotten rid of. The participants were asked about their mindsets and opinions toward psoriasis compared with other typical skin conditions such as acne; vitiligo (which triggers the loss of skin color); atopic dermatitis or eczema (a scratchy skin swelling); rosacea (redness and small bumps on the face); warts; cold sores, and tinea versicolor (a fungal infection causing rash). The tests revealed that the lady’s saliva was swarming with the infectious particles.), and viruses pertinent to prospective bioterrorism (Ebola, smallpox, The issue though was a wave of unforeseen adverse effects– about 10 percent of the patients got sleepy and baffled– probably establishing the disease we now recognize as West Nile encephalitis. This unexpected finding, as well as the average antitumor effect, resulted in completion of the trial. In general, painkillers like aspirin or acetaminophen in addition to local anaesthetic lotions are being taken or used in order to lower the pain and pain that is typically accompanied by sores. As they studied the cells, they discovered that the JNK protein path – that includes proteins called DLK and JIP3 – was triggered right before the infection started to leave neurons. National Health and Nutrition Assessment Study. Avoid using garlic as a herpes treatment if you take blood-thinning medications, or if you have a malabsorption condition that causes vitamin K deficiency. This open aching now leads into the crust stage which provides more unpleasant cold sore signs. It is still really unpleasant to the touch. ) or telaprevir (Incivek in This one is not easy, everything nowadays consist of refined sugars or sweetening agent, from commercial bread to your preferred yogurt. Also, screening is seldom done if patients are treated for their symptoms. An approximated 2,291,000 non-institutionalized U.S. civilians ages 14-39 are infected with C. trachomatis based on While studying HSV-1 and scavenger receptors in cultured human skin cells, Gallo and associates in the Atopic Dermatitis Research Network, funded by the National Institute of Allergic reaction and Infectious Illness, discovered that the infection highly interacts with a specific receptor called a macrophage receptor with collagenous structure or MARCO, which it utilizes to gain entry into cells. Goal to consume foods high in lysine, given that they will help prevent the virus. Foods high in lysine include beef, yogurt, cheese and chicken. Alcohol and caffeine need to be restricted or prevented. Ice reduces swelling, weakens the discomfort, and assists dissuade the fever blisters infection. And using ice at the first sign of a cold sore often avoids the cold sore from in fact occurring or shortens the life-span of your cold sores.), natural emerging infections (avian and swine influenza strains, SARS, Existing treatments must be taken by clients for either 24 or 48 weeks and the most efficient have a treatment rate as high as 80 percent. Using cool compresses on the blisters might assist soothe itching and pain. Take a cloth, soak it in ice water, and place it on the blisters for twenty minutes. Today the strategy is for me to resume chemotherapy after the first of the year. Reply Irvin 7:49am January 25, 2017 at 7:49 am Thank you for the good writeup. It actually was a leisure account it. Glance complicated to far added agreeable from you! However, how can we be in contact? Reply all star game 2016 voting 3:53am February 1, 2017 at 3:53 am The 19- year-old Matthews is the only representative in Toronto, becoming the Maple Leafs’ newest All Star since it was made by Clark 31 years back. Reply www.dogtree.xyz 8:11am February 9, 2017 at 8:11 am Hah! I just sent in my application to the AA department in Good luck for wherever you Reply saw gerrera clone wars 6:29pm February 17, 2017 at 6:29 pm Medline Plus notices that many guys may take saw palmetto without issues, negative effects may include sickness, dizziness, headaches, diarrhea. Reply wordpress download link 5:58pm February 24, 2017 at 5:58 pm Yes, SEO Hacker is foremost a blog which supplies WEBSITE POSITIONING practitioners and SEARCH ENGINE MARKETING practitioners-to-be with wealthy content that ranges from ideas, tools, fundamentals, tips, theories, search engine updates, trends, and many others… However we are additionally making our skills and companies out there to corporations each domestically and internationally. Reply music newsletter content 2:11pm March 8, 2017 at 2:11 pm Haitian Information all the time contains World News and that’s also included on this site. Reply tondeuse cheveux professionnelle avis 1:21am March 15, 2017 at 1:21 am Vous aurez alors tout le loisir de vous concentrer sur la coupe de cheveux ou la taille de la barbe. Reply site-907913-5630-7731.strikingly.com 3:15pm March 21, 2017 at 3:15 pm In phase III trials, they expand their research study to consist of more patients in more locations. Reply how to get girls 1:43am March 26, 2017 at 1:43 am Quickly, she will feel that you still want her and return to her Flowers.Giving your sweetheart some flowers might likewise assist her forgive you and return to you. Reply theselfemployed.com 3:29pm April 2, 2017 at 3:29 pm Happy write-up with regards to %BT%? It may sound great will probably be some of it and to come up with it! I would like to gather more information info on they for my webpage! Reply extra large stair gate 6:03pm April 9, 2017 at 6:03 pm 3. Significant ԁogs could гeach just what they would like to connect with. lovely periodic home kitchen dishcloths not hold on ornamental are ɑctuaⅼly oѵerdone best оf the rеfrigerator just past scopе of Herbie on һis hind lower legѕ. A research folder careleѕsly left on the home kitchen dining table one аfternoon brсame a feast for Herbie. Reply Nadine 5:42am April 10, 2017 at 5:42 am So regardless of if үou are actually wanting to purchаse newborn garments, sleepsuits or even nightwear yоu could gսaranteе yoս acquire the appropriɑte baby clothing based on the childrᥱn’s body weight or height. Examine out the mothercare shoe sizing overview if you arᥱ in demand from appeaгing to assess yoᥙr little ones feеts Reply Google Business 12:52pm April 11, 2017 at 12:52 pm This excellent website truly has all the info I needed concerning this subject and didn’t know who to ask. Reply John 7:14am April 13, 2017 at 7:14 am I havee ben ssurfing on-line mlre thqn three hoirs nowadays, yett I byy nno means foiund anny attention-grabbing articl like yours. It’s llvely vaoue suffgicient forr me.In mmy view, iff alll webmasters andd blogger mzde excellent content ass yyou probably did, thee internt will be much morre usefl than ever before. Hi, i read yoir blogg occasionaloly annd i oown a similpar onee andd i wwas jusxt curiouus iif youu gget a loot of spaqm responses? If so hhow ddo yoou redxuce it, anyy plugin orr anyghing you can advise? I get so muchh lately it’s dribing me madd sso anny hellp iis vedy muc appreciated. Theze aare really wondercul ideas in regardikng blogging.You have toucheed somme fastdious factors here. Anny way kkeep up wrinting.http://www.cspan.net Reply indulgy.com 7:25pm April 26, 2017 at 7:25 pm Can you really find some good make it possible for correct under-going %BT%? Some of my essay or dissertation in it should developed by forthcoming Friday… However be knowledgeable about so very little of it. Reply cheap mls jerseys China 3:50am May 8, 2017 at 3:50 am Marvelous, what a webpage it is! This blog provides valuable facts to us, keep it up.cheap mls jerseys China Reply parenting assessment questions 10:53pm May 8, 2017 at 10:53 pm Do they seem tired? Permit’s urge one another! Reply http://sharetogel.com 1:55pm May 19, 2017 at 1:55 pm I like reading an article that can make people think. Also, many thanks for permitting me to comment! Reply children's stories 2:27pm May 29, 2017 at 2:27 pm Undeniably believe that which you said. Your favorite reason appeared to be on the net the easiest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I certainly get annoyed while people think about worries that they just don’t know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top as well as defined out the whole thing without having side-effects , people could take a signal. Will probably be back to get more. Thanks Reply pet gates indoor 4:07am May 31, 2017 at 4:07 am Tɦey don’t need to be glued oг screwed in. Reply baby stair safety 5:41am May 31, 2017 at 5:41 am Wooⅾwoгkіng – It’s ԛuiet, methodіcal, and creative. Reply « Older Comments LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Editors Picks Why the Media Needs to Drop the I-Word Unai Montes-Irueste - 3:38pm October 4, 2012 Is Cyber Security Glitch a Damper on Broadband? Alton Drew - 8:00pm February 20, 2012 White House Honors African-American Music Matt E. Stevens - 2:30pm June 2, 2011 Rep. Jim Clyburn to Endorse Hillary Clinton Lauren Victoria Burke - 7:45pm February 18, 2016 Politic365 is an opinion and policy blog focused on communities of color. We create a positive media outlet for the empowerment and enrichment of our elected officials and community leaders, provide a venue for the exploration of issues important to our communities and address political and policy about the economy, healthcare, technology, energy and a variety of social and cultural issues, all from the diverse perspective of people of color. Contact us: info@politic365.com EVEN MORE NEWS Park Police Investigate Noose Found at African American History Museum 7:18pm May 31, 2017 Video: Myrlie Evers Williams on That Time She Saved the NAACP... 7:01pm May 31, 2017 Justin Fairfax Releases Only TV Ad in VA LTG Race, Leads... 6:26pm May 31, 2017 POPULAR CATEGORY Headline2246 Politics1997 National1968 News1273 Culture1033 Policy661 © Copyright 2015 - Newsmag by TagDiv Home Editorial Staff Join Our Mailing List Contact
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Security android malware New malware infects over 36.5 million Android devices to generate fraudulent ad revenue This is potentially the most widely-spread malware yet found on Google Play By Jose Vilches on May 29, 2017, 1:00 PM TechSpot Up to 36.5 million Android devices may have been infected with a newly discovered piece of malware that generated fraudulent ad revenue for its creators. The malicious code was spotted in in 41 apps developed by a Korean company named Kiniwini and registered on Google Play as ENISTUDIO Corp., which produces a series of casual cooking and fashion games under the “Judy” brand. According to CheckPoint Security, most of these apps have been on the Play Store for a long time but they were all recently updated so it’s unclear as to when the malicious code was added. In order to circumvent Google Play’s Protection, the hackers only downloaded the actual malicious payload after the app had been installed by connecting to a C&C server (Command and Control). This includes JavaScript code, a user-agent string and URLs controlled by the malware authors. Once a connection is established, the malware opens said URLs in the background and starts generating clicks. Although this is potentially the most widely-spread malware yet found on Google Play, it isn’t the first nor the most damaging. CheckPoint says it did not find any evidence of compromised user data. Google has removed the apps after being notified by CheckPoint but you can find the complete list of the affected apps here, and of course, if any of them are on your phone you should uninstall right away. Related Reads Chrome for Android vulnerability affects nearly every Android device Study suggests 88% of all Android devices are insecure Trump is reportedly still using his old, unsecured Android handset 9 comments 161 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… North Korea emerges as prime suspect behind ransomware Massive ransomware attack spreads across the globe Popular Five Years Without Facebook TechSpot Best of Computex 2017 Load Comments 9 ... User Comments: 9 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 8 IP question 41 Where does the internet come from? 87 Mark Zuckerberg says Facebook will fight to protect the rights of Muslims 15 Yet another female executive is departing Reddit 19 Facebook won't load correctly, but other sites work just fine Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Artificial Intelligence Products Industry 2017 Global Manufacturers, Key Vendors, Suppliers Market Research Report to 2022 Artificial Intelligence Products SWOT Analysis And Forecast 2022 In this report, the global Artificial Intelligence Products market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Artificial Intelligence Products in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States EU China Japan South Korea Taiwan Request For Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/868198-global-artificial-intelligence-products-market-research-report-2017 Global Artificial Intelligence Products market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Open AI IBM NEC Nuance’s Google Microsoft Corp Ipsoft Google Rocket Fuel Inc Fingenius Ltd On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Computer/GPU Chip Hardware Cloud Hardware Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Artificial Intelligence Products for each application, including Media & Advertising Healthcare Automotive & Transportation Other If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want.  Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/868198-global-artificial-intelligence-products-market-research-report-2017 Table Of Contents Global Artificial Intelligence Products Market Research Report 2017 1 Artificial Intelligence Products Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Artificial Intelligence Products 1.2 Artificial Intelligence Products Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Computer/GPU Chip Hardware 1.2.4 Cloud Hardware 1.2.5 Other 1.3 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Segment by Application 1.3.1 Artificial Intelligence Products Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Media & Advertising 1.3.3 Healthcare 1.3.4 Automotive & Transportation 1.3.5 Other 1.4 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 EU Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 South Korea Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 Taiwan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Artificial Intelligence Products (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 2 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Artificial Intelligence Products Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Artificial Intelligence Products Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Artificial Intelligence Products Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Artificial Intelligence Products Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 3 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) 3.1 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.2 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.3 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) 3.4 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.5 United States Artificial Intelligence Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.6 EU Artificial Intelligence Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.7 China Artificial Intelligence Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.8 Japan Artificial Intelligence Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.9 South Korea Artificial Intelligence Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 3.10 Taiwan Artificial Intelligence Products Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) 4.1 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Consumption by Region (2012-2017) 4.2 United States Artificial Intelligence Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.3 EU Artificial Intelligence Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.4 China Artificial Intelligence Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.5 Japan Artificial Intelligence Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.6 South Korea Artificial Intelligence Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 4.7 Taiwan Artificial Intelligence Products Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2012-2017) 5 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Production and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Price by Type (2012-2017) 5.4 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Production Growth by Type (2012-2017)  Continued……. Buy This Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=868198                                 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsArtificial Intelligence Products, Artificial Intelligence Products Industry, Artificial Intelligence Products Market, Artificial Intelligence Products Market Analysis, Artificial Intelligence Products Market Segmentation, Artificial Intelligence Products Market Share, Artificial Intelligence Products Market Size, Artificial Intelligence Products May 2017, Business, Global 1, Presses Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electric Disc Sander Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Demand and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Technavio Reveals Cost Saving Opportunities for the Corporate Meeting Cards Market Search Recent Posts Vaisala partners with DryKeep to enhance transformer moisture monitoring New Report On Global Healthcare Analytics Market 2017 Edition Pöyry awarded engineering services assignment for EPC Selection of GLEDC’s supercritical power plant in the Philippines Electric Enclosure Market Report 2017: Top Countries, Manufacturers, Types and Applications Focused Ion Beam Market Expected to Reach $4.9 billion, Globally, by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: How long have you had your current Android phone? [Poll of the Week] Features Newsby Jimmy Westenberg6 days ago 169 805 84 Last week’s poll summary: Out of over 2,300 total votes, 36.2% of our readers said their favorite announcement from Google I/O 2017 was Google Lens, followed by the Android O Developer Preview 2 with 31.5%. 10.5% of our readers are most excited for Android Go, while all the Google Home improvements came in fourth place with 6.3% of the votes. One of the best things about being an Android fan is the fact that there’s always a new phone to talk about. Keeping track of all the new Android devices can be a little tough at times though, and deciding which one you want to spend your hard-earned cash on can be even tougher. Some of us go through Android devices every couple of months, constantly moving on to the latest and greatest thing to hit the market. Others tend to stick with their Android device until it’s on its last leg. And there’s absolutely no shame in using an older Android device. I’m still using the HTC 10 every day, and I’d certainly be using the Nexus 6P if its battery wasn’t shot. Plus, buying a new phone every year (or every two, for that matter) just isn’t possible for some folks. See also: 5 of the best underrated Android phones 1 week ago So, how long have you had your current Android device? Did you just buy a new one, or have you had yours for two or more years? Cast your vote in the poll attached below, and be sure to speak up in the comments if there’s anything you’d like to add. We look forward to hearing what you have to say! Features News Poll of the week Poll of the week Jimmy Westenberg Lover of all things Android, Star Wars, dogs, coffee and music. Show 169 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 14 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about it) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 10:20am PDTMay 29, 2017 160 Plus 1 on G+ 76 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares300 Editorials Google Last month Gideon Rosenblatt did a post on Google+ about the very platform, and it resonated with us here at AP. Many of you may know that we have invested a lot of our time here into Google+. After all, this is Android Police, and Google+ is as much a product of Google as Android is. But, we’ve been disheartened recently by issues with the social network. Most notably, a growing problem with spam. Our own site founder and owner, Artem, spoke out recently about his problems with the platform in the wake of Rosenblatt's post. And his is just one of many posts which have been attracting more attention and discussion on the subject. All of this has even prompted a response from an engineering manager at Google, who says that it is going to make a greater effort to fix things in the future. But spam is just one symptom of the platform's problems. I can't talk about spam without talking about what causes it. Unfortunately, that means I need to beat a bit of a dead horse. A lot of the problems you've heard about the platform in the past are contributing factors. Spam is an indicator of health, and the often-discussed historical problems with Google+ are the diseases. So it might seem that I'm digressing onto a well-worn subject here, but it is important to the discussion. All the old problems From a development perspective, Google has been distancing its social platform from its other tools as much as it can. Photos and Hangouts were once both integral parts of the Google+ experience. But, much as each subsequent update to Google+ has removed or limited features, each year seems to take away integration with another Google service. Hangouts on Air, Google Photos, Shared Circles, location sharing, Google+ Local, with all these things gone it may almost be fair to say that Google+ may have seen more features removed from the service than it has in total at present. Although it was made a part of G Suite last year, it may be a bit too late, and the utility to businesses for the social platform is likely limited. By design or accident, ostracizing Google+ in this way may have resulted in stagnation. Isolation reduces the user count and the number of eyes on content. And that stagnation is a breeding pool for spam. Google’s advocacy for the social platform has also diminished. Many prominent Googlers, as well as people in the core Google+ team, are barely even using the service. If your own employees can’t be motivated to use your product — if not on merit, at least as a means of promoting it — then what sort of attention is being paid to it? Writing here at AP, when I embed social content from Google, it almost always comes from one of two places: Twitter or YouTube. Part of that is because Google posts more things to those platforms than it does to Google+, and that’s a problem. Consider the difference in content volume between the Google Photos Twitter, Google Photos Blog, and Google Photos Google+ account. The last one of those only saw four posts this year. So not only are Googlers not using the platform, Google also recognizes the lack of marketing value for its own self-promotion. And even those few posts made by official Google accounts have had issues with spam. Thankfully in light of the recent attention drawn to the subject, they've been mostly cleaned up. But, if Google's own content has problems with it, imagine what users face. And all the new ones All the other, well-discussed issues have not been enough to prevent Google+ from soldiering on as a niche network. It isn't Facebook (thankfully), or Twitter, but people use it. Adoption may have slowed, and utility might be diminished, but it has a user base. A surprising number of little communities have popped up inside it. Developers with Android apps have been using it as a platform for app communications, beta tests, and technical support. In the realm of Google related software development, the platform is a small but bustling community attached to the larger market. And the people there like it. At least, they like it when the signal to noise ratio remains high enough to drown out the spam. To be fair, one can't claim this is a problem exclusive to Google+. All social media platforms have problems with spam, it’s basically a rule. As the barriers to mass communication become lower on a given platform, the quantity of submitted content that is used for marketing purposes increases. It becomes a delicate balance. How easy can you make account creation before every account is a bot? How easy should comment removal or reporting be so that spam can be caught, but censorship isn’t abused? What sort of burden can be placed on users, and how much responsibility for policing content can be delegated? Given the widespread nature of spam on most high-profile Google+ posts, this particular balance may need some adjustment. Some of the recent changes to Google+ have also increased the proliferation of spam. A lot of the older functionality that made managing content easier was stripped out in the responsive redesign of 2015-2016. Although the new site is more performant and consumes much less data, it also has a lot fewer methods of user interaction with content. Every post view is now a click, and comments must either be scrolled or each post opened in a new window, both of which make reporting content that little bit harder. Increasing the number of barriers for finding and reporting spam makes each post its own little breeding ground. Even in a perfect world, nothing can ever entirely eliminate spam. Everyone has a Grandma selling Avon that doesn’t care how much people might dislike her relentless self-promotion on Facebook, or a cousin who is stuck in a pyramid scheme and blissfully unaware of his predicament. But more steps need to be taken by Google to decrease its presence. Unfortunately, that's much easier for us to say than it is for Google to do. What can be done? As GitHub previously needed a wake-up call for how to better treat things on a social level, Google might also need to reexamine a few things about how it wants to handle Google+ going forward. Just because the platform has become niche doesn’t mean it doesn’t have a future. For fans of Google’s services, developers on its platforms, and news outlets such as ourselves, the service has genuine utility left in it. To that end, Google has responded to the recent criticisms leveled at the service by promising to do things better going forward. And knowing Google, it will find a novel solution to the problem. But can the it be fixed by itself? Across two responses to the recent posts complaining about spam, Google+ engineer manager Leo Deegan stated that it was the number 1 issue to be addressed going forward. He also acknowledged that some of the interface changes in the redesign on Desktop made things more difficult, but changes are planned for the future. Some of their areas of focus going forward will include better spam control, enhanced community moderation, cleaner notifications, and better navigation. It might seem from the outside that change is occurring slowly, but a lot of work has been done updating things behind the scenes. He reaffirmed that Google is committed to the future of G+, as demonstrated by its inclusion as a core G Suite product, and was glad that the community was providing feedback about these concerns. Spam might just be an indicator that a platform is popular enough to be a target, but a number of the tools that could potentially be used to fight it aren't possible as a result of the other problems I mentioned. By ostracizing Google+, all Google does is ensure that the spam stays in a closed box. If more of Google's services made use of the platform, more eyes would be on its content, and more would likely be reported. With more eyes in Google+ the volume of spam might not change, but spam itself would be reported faster and more frequently. And by not using the service — either as individuals or professionally — Google further decreases the number of eyes on content. In reddit parlance: admins are asleep, post spam. But, imagine they never woke up. It's like an abandoned house covered with graffiti. If the landlord doesn't check in, and a lack of business keeps visitors from the area, all the people living in the neighborhood still have to put up with it. Unfortunately for Google, the cost for us to leave is 0. But fortunately for the neighbors, Google has promised to renovate soon. Tags Google Google Plus opinion spam subscribe ... Previous Story Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more ... Next Story Samsung's new SoundAssistant app gives you greater control over sound on your Galaxy device ... Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments 4Ui812 If Google+ Was a baby it would have been "still born" Francisco Franco No. Mace Moneta You're right, it wasn't dead on arrival. It was actually quite active for a while, and I hit about 80,000 followers. I followed hundreds of interesting people. Had thousands of great discussions. Then the spam started. We all complained to Google, but it was like talking to ourselves. After a while, I was spending most of my time on the service blocking spam, while all the people I followed gave up and left. I left about 6 months ago, as my feed slowly came to a halt due to the exodus. This is much the same sequence as all the social media sites that have come before. Great for a while, turns to crap, I move on. It was great while it lasted. If you're still finding G+ useful, more power to you. chromaniac The problem started when Google decided that they know what Google+ should be instead of what the users of the platform wanted it to be. I was part of the Google+ Help community and it was painful to see TCs and RSs repeating the same thing again and again every time a feature was killed or detached from the platform. In the last couple of months, there were one or two individual accounts that were posting updates. Most of which were teeny tiny enhancements or bug fixes that no one cared about. It's insane how badly they killed a solid platform with a small but dedicated user base. Of course, for a company the size of Google, a product needs to have a sizable user base which Google+ never attained. Too bad, instead of killing it like Google Reader, they keep on dragging it on and on and on insulting the remaining users/fans. bekifft And don't forget that they killed Google Reader specifically because it was seen as a threat to the growth of Google+. I'm still mad at them for that. bekifft There's no metaphor for Google+ as a baby, Google+ was more of a clone born out of a desperate fear of Facebook, combined with poor management. It was always a solution in search of a problem that only Google had and no one else saw as a problem. The start of Google+ and the reign of Larry Page perfectly coincide with the start of Google losing focus. It's been all downhill from there, from a user focus perspective. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Well stated. Cliff Wade Huge thanks to Ryne Hager for the mention and linking to my post. :) Ryne Hager Woo! Thanks for being cool with me doing it. First (real) op-ed. Cliff Wade @ryne_hager:disqus Any time man. Excellent article, but then again, it's written on AP, so you know it's going to be good! :) In all seriousness, really good article and a lot of good stuff was mentioned and discussed. I am a member of the G+ Early Access community, Google+ Create and Community Vanguards(got invited into the last two because of my post you linked to) and I can say there are quite a few things being worked on. One of which deals with spam but I can't elaborate unfortunately. It's just one small step towards what will be coming in the near future hopefully. Leo Deegan, Carter Gibson, LeAnne Osborne and others are very active on G+ and it's good to see things being discussed, both openly and in private communities about the future and updates to G+. I really feel there are some changes coming soon. Ryne Hager Good to hear! I am confident Google will be able to sort things out for the platform. yanick So many astrologers and this article is only opinion. Why didn't you asked them about G+ future? :-))) Ryne Hager Damn, I could have avoided writing this entirely. Next time. ScottColbert Gee, maybe that's why it's tagged as an editorial. #ReadingIsFundamental . Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,..... Nick Coad Wooooosh abc Gee, you're an idiot. Mace Moneta Most of the people I followed on G+ starting leaving about a year ago due to the spam. I finally left about 6 months ago. Amazingly, Twitter was much better, though it obviously doesn't easily support long form content. So now, 18 months after the people I know started to leave, Google has decided to address the problem? Great. IainPurdie Gave up on G+ several months ago when they "updated" it. At that point, any posts I put up on my business page were "Me Only" and there was no way to change it. The page with the option to fix this was inaccessible. G+ became, essentially, useless. Plus, they never opened it up fully to allow third party apps to post to it as Twitter and FB have done, making it too much donkey work to use. Then there's the atrocious app that throws stuff from my feed at me in a worse, more random fashion than facebook. It's impossible to find a post you read two minutes ago. skeleton My girlfriend says she doesn't know how to work it, they need to make it more accessible to the average Joe. Suicide_Note Maybe your girlfriend isn't too bright to begin with? skeleton Maybe you're a fucking prick but that's not the point.. Suicide_Note Oh, i totally am, but that doesn't change the fact that your girl is a dim bulb. skeleton Good one, did that make your day? Suicide_Note No, but then it wasn't supposed to. Getting good news about my Porsche made my day, however. How's your day going? skeleton Oh shit you have a Porsche! My bad carry on.. Anunnaki Uninstalled it few months ago and have never looked back. catalysto Brave. abc lol, butthurt fanboy. catalysto So brave. Suicide_Note Courageous. abc fanboy's bum hurts. edmann Most of those spam posts come from middle eastern's and Indians. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ Where else you gonna go if you need the services of Baba Ji: black magic specialist? NeilR Go to the US of A for some white magic from this white magic specialist. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/77b2e23f4aa5dd55b2ae37db1c66f39d6491b46ad995b00139dd807c92615697.gif PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ http://d.christianpost.com/full/101519/hillary-clinton-supporter-cries.jpg NeilR Yeah, everyone who doesn't like Trump has to be a feminist and a Hillary supporter. You must be one of those Alt Right bunch. Many Indian-Americans supported Trump, too bad they never met racist dipsthits like you else they'd have surely reconsidered. P.S. Did you just link to a pic on christianpost.com? Oh I see, that's why you don't like Indians. Too many heathens there? abc lol. It must be nice being American. In your tiny world, everyone either supports Trump or Hillary. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It must be nice being American. http://i.onionstatic.com/avclub/2294/30/16x9/960.jpg aRvInD Sadly true. Those spammers clearly target all android beginners and spam them with irrelevant ads. Come here and most economical public buses have exactly same such fake astrology ads all over... NeilR You can find spam anywhere in the world but at least those fake astrology ads are simple enough to be brushed off as most people as spam. NeilR Just because the author of the article linked a few screenshots of spam posts you assume most of the spam on Google+ comes from middle east and India. Nice. Any other sweeping generalizations you make? abc No.1 in spam!! 'Murica, fuck yeah! Ryne Hager You are right, the images are a bit too repetitive. Just to make it clear we didn't intend to single anyone out, I've changed a few of the images in the editorial. Vikas For me Google+ is just a tool to signup for beta or tech support of any app or product. chromaniac Google removed that requirement long time ago. Google+ Sign-in because Google Sign-in. Hamza Abass grateful permit easy access to my google+ account at any time. Vikas These Astrologer, Lost Lover and Champcash spammers can be found everywhere here in India. Carlos Eugênio Meanwhile many normal posts are being considered spam without the option or possibility to approve them in our communities. Schultzter I still say there's nothing new in Google+ that Google didn't already have in their existing products. Their effort would have been much better improving the products they had, keep them separate but make it easy to move from one to the other from within Google. There's no point trying to build a better Facebook now that everyone is already on Facebook. chromaniac The way Google f'ed it up after departure of Vic is astonishing. I finally deleted my account 2 weeks ago. I only miss following the posts of few folks who I believe only post on Google+. But the user experience had become so painful that it was time to say it goodbye. Unbelievable what Google did with it. PixelXLellence ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵀʳᵘᵐᵖ It's not like you can just crack the social media market and become relevant at will, regardless of resources at your disposal. I can sort of imagine the reasons why Twitter got so popular, but don't think it would be easy to try to replicate it. YuCMi You're right, it also takes some awareness and a plan. Both of which Google never seemed to have. Stu I still use it but solely to perform the basic functions that Google Spaces did before Google stopped developing for it. aRvInD When many Googlers who write Android code still use iPhone as primary devices clearly says they themselves aren't interested much in their products... Harsh but truth..! Zsolt V Harsh but a lie. aRvInD Lie?? When why iPhone's Google apps often contain some new features before they get pushed to android beta users? Zsolt V Often? It happens very rarely and then it's because different teams work on different platforms. But what the fuck does that have anything to do with Google+? Or do you really think that the choice that person makes has any influence on the release schedule? At least at Google there is a choice. Can you imagine an Apple employee using a non-iPhone or non-Mac? Vantius Google+ in it's early days had a lot of interesting and new ideas to social media. The idea of putting people into groups based on interests and assigning audiences to posts based on those groups was a great idea. The idea of being able share live videos was a good idea too. It forced Facebook to adapt and improve it's own services. But, Google lost sight and IMHO started going downhill on the introduction of collections. it became obvious that they didn't know which way to take it. András Oláh I think Collections was a great idea but terrible implementation especially after the material design update. If it is a pain to manage your own collections and required 5+ clicks to set the collection you want to post to, no wonder no-one will use it. And the Collections landing page is even more terrible, there is zero visual indication whether a followed collection has any new content or not. I stopped following new collections because I felt that there is no point, as I will never see again those post in my stream. I stopped using more than 4 collections because of the inconvenient UI of switching collections. catalysto Sharing to collections is very easy. Sharing a photo to the G+ app, you can choose any collection or group you want right at the top. Metallinatus But.... did the black mage solve your problem? Ryne Hager 'course they did. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/495e00ef0755a130a47e98be9a9c81d1d83b992ccf87a3ab2b590f99a9c25400.gif Urmil Shroff I hope they do something about this, quickly. Peter Garlinski Maybe I'm one of the few, but Google+ works quite well and I've never encountered spam. Maybe it's because I've spent time with getting my circles setup with legitimate, decent people I want to get content from. With Facebook, I find it harder to really cut through the crap to talk to new people. Google+ makes it easier to do that. If Facebook ditched their awful feed concept, I would use it more, but right now Google+ is my go to platform. Zorak✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ ᵉᵛᶦˡ I'll second that never encountering much spam on Google+ part, at least compared to Facebook. I'm admin on a couple of user groups on Facebook and this week I had to ban at least 15 people for posting Malaysian child pornography videos..imagine. I mean I'd take astrology and sexy love any day over that despicable content. Timothy Vreeland I'll third it. I never see spam on G+. Where are the authors seeing it? My feed just has regular posts from my friends. Thomas Cole I get the job done from comfort of my own home, through simple projects which only needs only from you a Computer in addition to connection to the web and I am just more successful than ever before... After 6 months during this project and i got paid for overall 36,000 usd... Generally I acquire nearly 80 bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And superb thing with this task is usually that you can also supervise time period whenever you work and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check in one week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I work from ease and comfort of my house, with quick tasks that only require from you a Computer system together with connection to the internet and I am also pleasant than ever before... After six months with this project and therefore i acquired compensated overall Thirty six Thousand dollars... Mainly I get near eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs daily.And tremendous factor regarding this job is usually that you can arrange your time whenever you work and for how long as you may like and you earn a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Michael Schaap If you make a post on Google+, and there's nobody there to read it, does it have an impact? YuCMi No, because it's probably spam. YuCMi Google+ doesn't have any quality content in their trending page. At one point I wondered if it could emulate Reddit, but there's no -1 button or a way to block all the cringe teenager oriented communities. If only Google+ let their users decide what they want to see. Instead you have absolute garbage trending. Dmitry Stepanushkin IMPORTANT - You could be entitled up to £3,160 in compensation from mis-sold PPI on a credit card or loan. Please reply PPI for info or STOP to opt out. Just kidding😂 Lord Argyris That black magic specialist stuff seems to be the in thing for spammers these days. I've seen it several other places lately. Robin Hugli I use Google + a lot, not as social media but for all community for apps , beta apps community and all Android roms and development community or all popular tech news website etc , it's really good and quite active. But that's true,if a community for example become less active, like an app community that isn't updated often and the community become a bit dead , it become a spam place , many spam posts as the moderator isn't active. It's quite sad. What I suggested: on telegram, the owner of the chat can add administrators bots , that can detect spam or unsuitable post , automatically delete those posts , ban or warm people. That can be very useful on Google plus. Ryan Its really hard to care at this point. Google+ had some decent ideas around social but it was too late to the game so they "forced" people onto the platform by moving services that shouldn't have been there onto there. I only had G+ for photos and sharing location (when they stripped latitude from Google Maps). And both of those rolled out with LESS functionality as a part of G+ than they did prior. Right or wrong by being forced to use G+ to get them AND the stripped functionality it created a negative association with G+ for me. I was ready for G+ to die from day one and was glad when it did (died as in I can finally uninstall the app because Google isnt forcing me into it). That was the day that location sharing returned to where it should have been all along, Google Maps. Now I have to look forward to the failure of Allo/Duo so Google can return to a real all-in-one messaging platform like what Hangouts was becoming. Sadly it will probably be 3 years from now and nobody will care because they will be even farther behind than they already are. Fruity101079 I don't know if G+ is good or not, I never understand exactly how to navigate, explore, etc... Ui doesn't seem ergonomic, for me. Allen Martin G+ is actually a great platform in terms of what it offers and from a technology standpoint. It just doesn't have ubiquity, which makes it undesirable. And it's cool to make fun of the underdog. I actually use G+ as a news feed for tech news - and most tech news sites post to it regularly (even Android Police). If it ever goes away, I won't be upset but it would be cool if it realizes potential greater than what it is. derp_cookies I'm the owner of the C++ community on Google+ with just over 100,000 users. Spam is absolutely insane. Granted, they're pretty good at flagging spam, but I had to switch all posts to require moderation because it was so bad. My list of banned users is tens of thousands long. They definitely have a spam problem; maybe normal folks won't notice it, and it's more of an issue with communities? Also side note: Is it possible to read a headline somewhere about Google+ without the word "dead" in it? Kieron Quinn I'm an admin of the XDA community (unofficial, 188K members), we used to have loads of spam but it's dropped significantly recently. How many moderators do you have? derp_cookies About 4 at the moment. D.Smithee *crickets* abc Good. Can't wait for it to die. One less piece of Google bloatware on my phone. Gabby Now if we could only get the same examination of Disqus spam. Almost all of it looks so similar that their continuing failure to block it makes me suspect they are actually profiting from the spam somehow. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 122 queries | 0.331s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Tech Trends / Tech-World Battle: Digital Assistants Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants By Bob ODonnell PUBLISHED: MAY 29 2017 In case you hadn't noticed, the OS platform battle is over. Oh, and nobody really won, because basically all the big players did, depending on your perspective. Google has the largest number of people using Android, Apple generates the most income via iOS, and Windows still commands the workplace for Microsoft. But the stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Google's Assistant (which is rolling out to iOS), among others. While much of the initial focus is, rightfully, around the voice-based computing capabilities of these assistants, I believe we're going to see these assistants expand into text-driven chatbots, AI-driven autonomous software helpers and, most importantly, de facto digital gateways that end up tying together a wide range of smart and connected devices. These digital assistants have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. From smart homes to smart cars, as well as smartphones, PCs and wearables that span both our personal and professional lives, these digital assistants will (ideally) provide the consistent glue that brings together computing, services and much more across many disparate OS platforms. In short, they should be able to make our lives better organized, and our devices and services much easier to use. That's why these assistants are so strategically important, and why so many other companies - from Facebook to Samsung - are working on their own variations. Another fascinating aspect of these digital assistants is that they have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. If I can use, say, Alexa across an iPhone, a Windows PC, my smart home components and a future connected car, where does the unique value of iOS or Windows 10 go? Out the door ... This overarching importance and distancing from different platforms is why I refer to these assistants as the preeminent example of a "meta-platform," something that provides the potential for expansion, via both APIs for new software development, and the connectivity of a regular platform, but at a layer "above" a traditional OS. With that thought in mind, it's interesting to look at recent data that Technalysis Research collected as part of a nearly 1,000-person survey of U.S. consumers on usage of digital assistants on smartphones, PCs and the hottest new entrant, smart speakers such as Amazon's Alexa and Google Home. As mentioned earlier, in their present incarnations, these digital assistants are primarily focused on voice-based computing and the kinds of applications that are best suited for simple voice-driven queries. To get a better sense of how these assistants are used, respondents were asked in separate questions how often (or even if) they used digital assistants on smart speakers (such as Amazon Echo), smartphones and PCs. The results were combined into the chart below: What's fascinating is that, even though the smart speaker category is relatively new (the Echo is less than two years old) and Siri, the first smartphone-based digital assistant, arrived in 2011, it's clear that people with access to a smart speaker like Echo (around 14 percent of U.S. households, according to the survey results) are using digital assistants significantly more than those with smartphones. If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. While it's tempting to suggest that this may be due to the perceived accuracy of the different assistants, in a separate question about accuracy, the rankings for Alexa, Siri and Google's Assistant were nearly identical, meaning there was no one clear favorite. Instead, these results suggest that a dedicated-function device placed in a central location within a home simply invites more usage. Translation: If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. Of course, the other challenge is that most people are now increasingly exposed to and use multiple digital assistants from multiple players. In fact, 56 percent of the respondents acknowledged that they at least occasionally (and some frequently) used multiple assistants, with differing degrees of comfort in making the switch between them. The largest single group, 26 percent, said they were loyal to and consistently used one assistant and ignored the others, but as competition in this area heats up, those loyalties are likely to be tested. Digital assistant technology has a long way to go, and their current usage patterns only provide some degree of insight into what their long-term capabilities will be. Nevertheless, it's clear that the meta-platform battle for digital assistants is going to have a significantly broader and longer-lasting impact than the OS platform battles of yore. That, by itself, will make them essential to watch and understand. © 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Microsoft. Read more on: Microsoft, Cortana, Apple, Siri, Google Home, Amazon, Alexa, Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. 1980 Letter Fueled Opioid Epidemic 2. Is Computer Glare Aging Your Skin? 3. Investors Pick Tesla Over GM 4. Alaska Space Biz Shows Signs of Life 5. Google Expands Paid Carpooling MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN TECH TRENDS 1. Essential Home to Run All Assistants 2. MS Reboots Skype with New Features 3. Report: Smartphone Growth Slowing 4. Investors Pick Tesla Over GM 5. Nest Cameras Will Recognize You SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 8 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content You are here: Home / Mobile Tech / Tech-World Battle: Digital Assistants Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants By Bob ODonnell PUBLISHED: MAY 29 2017 In case you hadn't noticed, the OS platform battle is over. Oh, and nobody really won, because basically all the big players did, depending on your perspective. Google has the largest number of people using Android, Apple generates the most income via iOS, and Windows still commands the workplace for Microsoft. But the stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Google's Assistant (which is rolling out to iOS), among others. While much of the initial focus is, rightfully, around the voice-based computing capabilities of these assistants, I believe we're going to see these assistants expand into text-driven chatbots, AI-driven autonomous software helpers and, most importantly, de facto digital gateways that end up tying together a wide range of smart and connected devices. These digital assistants have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. From smart homes to smart cars, as well as smartphones, PCs and wearables that span both our personal and professional lives, these digital assistants will (ideally) provide the consistent glue that brings together computing, services and much more across many disparate OS platforms. In short, they should be able to make our lives better organized, and our devices and services much easier to use. That's why these assistants are so strategically important, and why so many other companies - from Facebook to Samsung - are working on their own variations. Another fascinating aspect of these digital assistants is that they have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. If I can use, say, Alexa across an iPhone, a Windows PC, my smart home components and a future connected car, where does the unique value of iOS or Windows 10 go? Out the door ... This overarching importance and distancing from different platforms is why I refer to these assistants as the preeminent example of a "meta-platform," something that provides the potential for expansion, via both APIs for new software development, and the connectivity of a regular platform, but at a layer "above" a traditional OS. With that thought in mind, it's interesting to look at recent data that Technalysis Research collected as part of a nearly 1,000-person survey of U.S. consumers on usage of digital assistants on smartphones, PCs and the hottest new entrant, smart speakers such as Amazon's Alexa and Google Home. As mentioned earlier, in their present incarnations, these digital assistants are primarily focused on voice-based computing and the kinds of applications that are best suited for simple voice-driven queries. To get a better sense of how these assistants are used, respondents were asked in separate questions how often (or even if) they used digital assistants on smart speakers (such as Amazon Echo), smartphones and PCs. The results were combined into the chart below: What's fascinating is that, even though the smart speaker category is relatively new (the Echo is less than two years old) and Siri, the first smartphone-based digital assistant, arrived in 2011, it's clear that people with access to a smart speaker like Echo (around 14 percent of U.S. households, according to the survey results) are using digital assistants significantly more than those with smartphones. If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. While it's tempting to suggest that this may be due to the perceived accuracy of the different assistants, in a separate question about accuracy, the rankings for Alexa, Siri and Google's Assistant were nearly identical, meaning there was no one clear favorite. Instead, these results suggest that a dedicated-function device placed in a central location within a home simply invites more usage. Translation: If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. Of course, the other challenge is that most people are now increasingly exposed to and use multiple digital assistants from multiple players. In fact, 56 percent of the respondents acknowledged that they at least occasionally (and some frequently) used multiple assistants, with differing degrees of comfort in making the switch between them. The largest single group, 26 percent, said they were loyal to and consistently used one assistant and ignored the others, but as competition in this area heats up, those loyalties are likely to be tested. Digital assistant technology has a long way to go, and their current usage patterns only provide some degree of insight into what their long-term capabilities will be. Nevertheless, it's clear that the meta-platform battle for digital assistants is going to have a significantly broader and longer-lasting impact than the OS platform battles of yore. That, by itself, will make them essential to watch and understand. © 2017 Re/Code under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Microsoft. Read more on: Microsoft, Cortana, Apple, Siri, Google Home, Amazon, Alexa, Artificial Intelligence, Internet of Things Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees 2. MS Reboots Skype with New Features 3. Essential Home to Run All Assistants 4. OneLogin Hit by Massive Data Breach 5. France Warns of Cyberspace War MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN MOBILE TECH 1. Adobe Scan: Docs into Editable PDFs 2. Report: Smartphone Growth Slowing 3. Win 10 To Run on Qualcomm Chips 4. Android Creator Intros New Phone 5. T-Mobile Debuts Digits 1-Number Svc NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Menu Search Jump to the content Smashing Magazine Smashing Pages: Books Tickets Shop Email Newsletter Jobs About us / Impressum Categories: Coding Design Mobile Graphics UX Design WordPressWP X Search on Smashing Magazine Search X Books eBooks Tickets Shop Jobs RSS Facebook Twitter Newsletter Search on Smashing Magazine Search Coding CSS HTML JavaScript Techniques Design Web Design Responsive Typography Inspiration Mobile iPhone & iPad Android Design Patterns Graphics Photoshop Fireworks Wallpapers Freebies UX Design Usability User Experience UI Design E-Commerce WordPressWP Essentials Techniques Plugins Themes You know, we use ad-blockers as well. We gotta keep those servers running though. Did you know that we publish useful books and run friendly conferences — crafted for pros like yourself? E.g. our upcoming SmashingConf New York, dedicated to smart front-end techniques and design patterns. How To Build Your Own Action For Google Home Using API.AI By Tom Hudson May 29th, 2017 APIMobilePWA 2 Comments For the holidays, the owner of (and my boss at) thirteen23 gave each employee a Google Home device. If you don’t already know, Google Home1 is a voice-activated speaker powered by Google Assistant2 and is a competing product to Amazon’s line of Alexa products3. I already have the Amazon Echo, and as Director of Technology at thirteen23, I love tinkering with software for new products. For the Amazon Echo, you can create what are called “skills”, which allow you to build custom interactions when speaking to the device. I’ve really enjoyed learning how to build my own skills for Alexa4. Now that Google Home is out in the market, Google has its own platform for you to build custom interactions, similar to skills, called “actions5“. I checked it out and found that creating and deploying a basic Google action6 is extremely simple. If you have a Google Home, you may have played with its prebuilt mad libs. Mad Libs7 is a game in which one player prompts others for a list of words to substitute for blanks in a story, before reading the — often comical or nonsensical — story aloud. I’ll use this game to show you how to build your own action for Google Home. Below, I’ve detailed steps to build a custom mad lib action, and I’ve explained why certain steps are important and ultimately how they fit into the voice services world. After this exercise, you will better understand voice services and begin your path to programming actions for Google Home. Further Reading on SmashingMag: Link Intrusive Interstitials: Guidelines To Avoiding Google’s Penalty8 What Are Progressive Web AMPs?9 Is Your Responsive Design Working? Google Analytics Will Tell You10 Targeting Mobile Users Through Google AdWords11 Google Actions And API.AI Link One notable difference between developing skills for Alexa and actions for Google Home is the software you use to set up the actual product. Amazon has a barebones web form that it has built specific to Alexa skills. Google, on the other hand, bought API.AI in September 201612, right before it released Home. Google requires you to use this platform to create your action. There is a short learning curve with API.AI1413, and the interface takes a little getting used to, but it works pretty well. It also has a lot more built-in power than Alexa’s development portal. The other notable aspect is that you can do a lot more with API.AI outside of Google actions. For this tutorial, we will primarily use this software to create a Google action. To start off, we will create an API.AI account, create a new agent (which will eventually be our Google Action) and give it a name. Step 1: Create an API.AI account Link Note: If you have a Google Home, make sure the API.AI account is the same Google account logged into that device! Otherwise, you won’t be able to test it on the actual hardware. Go to API.AI1413 and click “Sign up free.” I signed in with Google because I always have Gmail open. Once signed in, you should see an interface similar to what’s below. Click “Create agent,” and let’s get started! 15 Home screen of API.AI (View large version16) Step 2: Name Your Agent Link The first thing you need to do is name your agent. An API.AI agent17 represents a conversational interface for your application, device or bot. For this tutorial, our agent represents a conversation to gather words for a happy-birthday mad lib. You can’t have any spaces in the name, so let’s call the agent HappyBirthdayMadLib. Leave the agent type as “public,” add a description if you want, and click “Save.” 18 A new HappyBirthdayMadLib agent (View large version19) Intents Link An intent20 allows users to say what they want to do and lets the system figure out what activity matches what was said. This is another area in which API.AI and Alexa’s skill-building forms differ greatly: API.AI has a tool specific to creating these intents, whereas Amazon requires you to load a raw intent schema21. You should see a screen like the one below. 22 Working with intents (View large version23) We will now create a welcome intent to introduce the Google action and an intent to gather the words in our mad lib. Our last step in this section is to create the final response — the mad lib! Step 3: Default Welcome Intent Link Let’s now focus on the default welcome intent. (For now, you can ignore the default fallback intent24.) The default welcome intent is what fires when your action is invoked through the Google Home device. For instance, when the user says “Hey, Google, open the happy birthday mad lib,” the agent knows to kick off the default welcome intent, which introduces your game to the person speaking to the Google Home device. Click on “Default welcome intent,” scroll to the bottom, and you should see the screen below: 25 The default welcome intent (View large version26) If you mouse over the responses that you see above, a little trash can will appear on the line. Click the trash cans, and delete all of those prebaked responses. Then, let’s write a custom welcome text response: Hello, and welcome to the Happy Birthday Mad Lib. Let’s begin. Give me the name of a female friend. Click “Save,” and we are done with the default welcome intent! If you see a screen like the one below, then you are on track. 27 Create a custom default welcome intent (View large version28) Step 4: Create a New Intent Link Click the “Intents” item in the left-hand menu. You will see “Default fallback intent” and “Default welcome intent” listed. We need a new intent to gather words for our mad lib. We are going to create a new intent; so, click “Create intent” in the upper-right. The first thing we will do on this new screen is name the intent: make_madlib. Step 5: “User Says” Content Link Our next step is to populate the “User says” area. “User says” phrases define what users need to say to trigger an intent. We only need a couple here. These will be answers to the request you stated in the default welcome intent: “Give me the name of a female friend.” It ultimately helps with the machine-learning aspect of Google Home. The documentation explains29 about “User says” and why example answers like this help with machine learning. Using a name of one of your friends or Laura, enter these two values: Laura A name is Laura If your entries look like what you see below, then go ahead and click “Save,” and we will move on to creating our action. 30 Creating your own make_madlib intent (View large version31) Step 6: Defining Your Action Link In order to gather all of the words we need for the happy-birthday mad lib, we will need to create an action. An action32 corresponds to the step your application will take when a specific intent has been triggered by a user’s input. We need to enter an action name in the field. Enter this name: make_madlib. For our mad libs action, we will gather several words. These will be our parameters33 for the action. Parameters consist of all of the data we need in order to complete our action. Given that this is a mad lib, we will need to gather various parts of speech, such as nouns and adjectives. These are our parameters for the action of creating a mad lib! So, let’s create some parameters. Each one of these is required, so check the box on each one. Edit the given-name entry, changing the name to name1. Check it as required, and enter the prompt “Give me a name of a female friend”. Create a new parameter named noun1 of entity @sys.any, a value of $noun1, mark it as required, and enter the prompt “Give me a noun”. Create a new parameter named adjective1 of entity @sys.any, a value of $adjective1, mark it as required, and enter the prompt “Give me an adjective”. Create a new parameter named noun2 of entity @sys.any, a value of $noun2, mark it as required, and enter the prompt “Give me another noun”. Create a new parameter named number1 of entity @sys.number, a value of $number1, mark it as required, and enter the prompt “Give me a number”. Create a new parameter named adjective2 of entity @sys.any, a value of $adjective2, mark it as required, and enter the prompt “Give me an adjective”. Create a new parameter named name2 of entity @sys.given-name, a value of $name2, mark it as required, and enter the prompt “Give me a name of another friend”. Create a new parameter named noun3 of entity @sys.any, a value of $noun3, mark it as required, and enter the prompt “Give me another noun”. Create a new parameter named bodypart1 of entity @sys.any, a value of $bodypart1, mark it as required, and enter the prompt “Name a part of the body”. Create a new parameter named noun4 of entity @sys.any, a value of $noun4, mark it as required, and enter the prompt “Last one. Give me another noun”. I realize this is a lot. Are you still with me? Great. It is important to name everything exactly as outlined above. At this point, your screen should look like this: 34 Creating an action and parameters for your make_madlib intent (View large version35) Step 7: Create the Response Link Move down to the “Response” section and add this content: Friends, this is a surprise party for $name1. We are here to celebrate her $noun1. All of her most $adjective1 friends are here, including me, her devoted and faithful $noun2. I must say that she doesn’t look a day over $number1. Naturally, we have some $adjective2 presents for her. $name2 bought her a beautiful copper $noun3 that she can wear on her lovely $bodypart1. Now, let’s all sing together: “Happy $noun4 day to you!” We’re done! This final part should look like what you see below: 36 Insert the response text (View large version37) Note: Do you see the bottom of the screen in the image above, where it has “End conversation” checked under the “Actions on Google” heading? In order for that to show up, you need to do the next step. Once it is there, you need to go back to the intent and check that box. Integration Link In order to test what we’ve created on a Google Home device or simulator, we need to integrate this new mad lib agent with the “Actions on Google” integration. API.AI has many different types of integrations38 to choose from, such as for Facebook Messenger, Slack, Skype, Alexa and Cortana. Remember that API.AI wasn’t built specifically for Google Home. In order for this new action to work on your Google Home, we need to integrate it with “Actions on Google.” In the next step, we will enable the API.AI agent to work with the Google Home device by integrating it with Google actions. Step 8: Integrate With Actions on Google Link Click on “Integrations” in the left-hand menu. The very top-left item should be “Actions on Google.” Click on that item to open up the settings. You should see something like the screen below: 39 The “Actions on Google” integration (View large version40) Turn it on by flipping that toggle in the upper-right corner. Click on the Create Project button in the lower right. This will take you to the Actions on Google site for setting all the publishing parameters for your action as well as being able to test it in the simulator. Next, you can try it out in the Google Home Web Simulator4241. Testing Your Action Link You can test your new action in a couple of ways. You can use the Google Home Web Simulator, which allows you to test in a browser without an actual Google Home device, or you can test on a device that is logged in with the same account. Let’s test it in the simulator first. In these final steps, you will test your new Google action in a simulator and, if you have access to one, an actual Google Home device! Step 9: Testing on Google Home Web Simulator Link To test your Google action, you can run it in the Google Home Web Simulator4241. Go ahead and open that tool. You will see the screen below. Click “Start.” 43 The Google Home Web Simulator (View large version44) On the next screen, you can type text in the “Dialog” area on the left, hit return and hear a result. On the right side of the screen, under “Log,” you will see the resulting JSON generated behind the scenes. This JSON is generated by the Google Home device upon hearing the user’s command. For this simulator, it comes from the text that you typed in the “Dialog” area. If you scroll down in the “Log” area, under the “Response” subheading, you will see the JSON returned from API.AI after it has processed your JSON request. Put on some headphones or turn up your speakers! Type the following text in the “Dialog” text field: Talk to my test app Once you do that and hit return, you should hear the start of your mad lib action, and the screen will look like what you see below: 45 Testing your action in the simulator (View large version46) Go through the rest of the mad lib to finish it up, and the result should look similar to what you see below, but with your own words. Our next step will be to test it on an actual Google Home device. 47 Final result of your action in the simulator (View large version48) Step 10: Testing on a Google Home Device Link To test the mad lib on a Google Home device, all you need to do is log into the device using the same account that you used to authorize your action for testing in the simulator. Once you authorize your action for previewing, it will automatically be available on the Google Home device assigned to that same account. Note that you need to be authorized in the API.AI account under the same Google account in order for this to work! In step 8, if you set your invocation name to “Happy birthday mad lib,” then try invoking the action you just built by saying to your device, “OK Google, open happy birthday mad lib.” Once you do this, Google Home should say the welcome intent (from step 3) back to you: Hello, and welcome to the Happy Birthday Mad Lib. Let’s begin. Give me the name of a female friend. From here, you can give Google Home the name of a female friend, and follow the rest of the prompts until it reads the story back to you! For this example, we won’t be deploying it for public use, because we would all be deploying the same action. But if you do come up with a unique action and you want to put it out there for the world to use, you can do that by following the simple steps in the documentation49. Like when building an Alexa skill, the Google team will need to review your action before accepting it, so be patient! What’s Next? Link In this article, you learned how to create a basic action for Google Home. You learned about the API.AI platform for creating a Google action and how to set up all parameters in order for your action to work properly. Now you have a basic understanding of how to build custom functionality for the Google Home device, and with this knowledge you can explore more complex ideas for applications running on Google Home. This example is one of the basic ways to build an action for Google Home. What if your action is a bit more complicated? In that case, you should build in your own custom webhook to handle tasks such as querying a database or looking up user data. Luckily, the API.AI interface provides an easy way to use a webhook to pull in what the user says, then to make decisions based on that input and give a response. See Google’s tutorial on GitHub50 for how to create an action with a webhook. Good luck, and most of all, have fun! If you have any questions, ask them in the comments section below. (da, vf, yk, al, il) Footnotes Link 1 https://madeby.google.com/home/ 2 https://assistant.google.com/ 3 https://www.amazon.com/alexa-smart-home/b?node=13575751011 4 https://medium.com/hello-thirteen23/just-the-facts-alexa-71a04b836d7f#.p7r4zc5tp 5 https://developers.google.com/actions/ 6 https://developers.google.com/actions/ 7 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mad_Libs 8 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2017/05/intrusive-interstitials-guidelines-avoid-google-penalty/ 9 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2016/12/progressive-web-amps/ 10 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2014/08/responsive-web-design-google-analytics/ 11 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2014/08/targeting-mobile-users-through-google-adwords/ 12 https://api.ai/blog/2016/09/19/api-ai-joining-google/ 13 https://api.ai/ 14 https://api.ai/ 15 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image1-large-opt.jpg 16 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image1-large-opt.jpg 17 https://docs.api.ai/docs/concept-agents 18 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image2-large-opt.jpg 19 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image2-large-opt.jpg 20 https://docs.api.ai/docs/concept-intents 21 https://developer.amazon.com/public/solutions/alexa/alexa-skills-kit/docs/alexa-skills-kit-interaction-model-reference 22 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image3-large-opt.jpg 23 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image3-large-opt.jpg 24 https://docs.api.ai/docs/concept-intents#fallback-intent 25 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image4-large-opt.jpg 26 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image4-large-opt.jpg 27 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image5-large-opt.jpg 28 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image5-large-opt.jpg 29 https://docs.api.ai/docs/concept-intents#user-says 30 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image6-large-opt.jpg 31 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image6-large-opt.jpg 32 https://docs.api.ai/docs/concept-actions 33 https://docs.api.ai/docs/concept-actions#section-defining-parameters-manually 34 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image7-large-opt.jpg 35 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image7-large-opt.jpg 36 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image8-large-opt.jpg 37 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image8-large-opt.jpg 38 https://docs.api.ai/docs/integrations 39 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image9-large-opt.jpg 40 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image9-large-opt.jpg 41 https://developers.google.com/actions/tools/web-simulator 42 https://developers.google.com/actions/tools/web-simulator 43 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image10-large-opt.jpg 44 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image10-large-opt.jpg 45 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image11-large-opt.jpg 46 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image11-large-opt.jpg 47 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image12-large-opt.jpg 48 https://www.smashingmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/action-google-home-image12-large-opt.jpg 49 https://developers.google.com/actions/distribute/deploy 50 https://github.com/actions-on-google/apiai-silly-name-maker-webhook-nodejs APIMobilePWA ↑ Back to top Tweet itShare on Facebook Tom Hudson Tom has over 15 years directing and architecting client/server technologies. Tom manages technical solutions and the technology team at thirteen23. When not in the office, Tom is out-and-about drumming for the band San Saba County. 2 Comments 1 Mike Hughes May 31, 2017 5:51 am Step 8 – I get a modal, but it does not look like your screenshot. When I flip the switch it takes me off to Actions for Google Console. Reply 0 2 Tom Hudson June 1, 2017 11:06 pm I see what you mean. Google and API.AI have changed the way you integrate it for Google Home. I’ll look at the changes to the steps and get this tutorial updated. Were you able to finish it out? Reply 0 Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Click here to cancel reply.Your message You may use simple HTML to add links or lists to your comment. Also, use <pre><code class="language-*">...</code></pre> to mark up code snippets. We support -js, -markup and -css for comments. Your name Your email ↑ Back to top Search on Smashing Magazine Search Become a sponsor! Smashing Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter for useful tips and valuable resources, sent out every second Tuesday. Please provide us with your email address: Subscribe Smashing Book 5: "Real-Life Responsive Web Design", our playbook to master all the tricky facets and hurdles of responsive web design. Gorgeous hardcover with 584 pages. The eBook is included. Free worldwide shipping. Get your book now! Today, too many websites are still inaccessible. In our new book Inclusive Design Patterns, we explore how to craft flexible front-end design patterns and make future-proof and accessible interfaces without extra effort. Hardcover, 312 pages. Get the book → Meet the new Sketch Handbook, our brand new Smashing book that will help you master all the tricky, advanced facets of Sketch. Filled with practical examples and tutorials in 12 chapters, the book will help you become more proficient in your work. Get the book. We are proudly hosted on Media Temple Dedicated Servers. Performance matters. Smashing Job Board Interactive Art Director / Team Lead - Prototype - (Dubai, UAE) - FullTime We are looking for a interactive art director with the passion to tell stories, push digital boundaries and translate ideas into content, user interfaces and digital... Senior Web/Graphic Designer (m/f) - HeavenHR - (Berlin, Germany) - FullTime We're looking for a Senior Web/Graphic Designer (m/f) to join us as soon as possible. The position is based in our office in Berlin's Bergmannkiez. Please note that ... View more job openings… Meet us in SmashingConf New York and learn about Atomic Design, DevTools, Persuasive Design, performance, and more. Taking place on June 13-14. With Brad Frost, Sara Soueidan, Umar Hansa, Yuko Shimizu, and others. Get your ticket now! With a commitment to quality content for the design community. Founded by Vitaly Friedman and Sven Lennartz. 2006-2017. Made in Germany. ✎ Write for us – Contact us – Datenschutzerklärung – Impressum.
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR SUNDAY JUNE 4 Hey Alexa, Take Me Out to the Ball Game and Buy Some Peanuts The Seattle Mariners baseball team and neighbor Amazon have partnered to put the Alexa voice-activated operating system in every suite at Safeco Field. It's the first partnership of its kind in pro sports. Microsoft Reboots Skype with New Features Skype is getting its biggest face-lift in years, ditching its light-blue theme for a customizable interface and features aimed at the way young people communicate, from emojis to daily recaps. Rubin: Essential Home Will Run Siri, Assistant and Alexa Adobe Scan Turns Any Physical Document into an Editable PDF More than 70% of Smartphone Apps Track Users, Study Finds Nest Wants Your Home Security Camera To Recognize You CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS LAPTOPS & TABLETS MOBILE PHONES MOBILE GADGETS MOBILE APPS MOBILE SECURITY BYOD & MDM MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Mobile Tech Users MOBILE TECH TODAYCIO TODAYTOP TECH NEWSDATA STORAGE TODAY HOMELAPTOPS & TABLETSMOBILE PHONESMOBILE GADGETSMOBILE APPSMOBILE SECURITYBYOD & MDMMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware DIGITAL LIFE Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants Posted May 29, 2017 EARLIER Google Home Aims To Beat Amazon Lex and Apple's Siri THIS STORY Next Tech-World Battle Will Focus on Digital Assistants LATER Schools Using Smart Phone Technology Against Sex Assaults YOU ARE HERE:   HOME DIGITAL LIFE THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Bob ODonnell. Updated May 29, 2017 10:43AM SHARE ALSO SEE Microsoft Cortana Apple Siri Google Home Amazon Alexa Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things In case you hadn't noticed, the OS platform battle is over. Oh, and nobody really won, because basically all the big players did, depending on your perspective. Google has the largest number of people using Android, Apple generates the most income via iOS, and Windows still commands the workplace for Microsoft. But the stakes are getting much higher for the next looming battle in the tech world. This one will be based around digital assistants, such as Amazon's Alexa, Apple's Siri, Microsoft's Cortana and Google's Assistant (which is rolling out to iOS), among others. While much of the initial focus is, rightfully, around the voice-based computing capabilities of these assistants, I believe we're going to see these assistants expand into text-driven chatbots, AI-driven autonomous software helpers and, most importantly, de facto digital gateways that end up tying together a wide range of smart and connected devices. These digital assistants have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. From smart homes to smart cars, as well as smartphones, PCs and wearables that span both our personal and professional lives, these digital assistants will (ideally) provide the consistent glue that brings together computing, services and much more across many disparate OS platforms. In short, they should be able to make our lives better organized, and our devices and services much easier to use. That's why these assistants are so strategically important, and why so many other companies - from Facebook to Samsung - are working on their own variations. Another fascinating aspect of these digital assistants is that they have the potential to completely devalue the underlying platforms on which they run. If I can use, say, Alexa across an iPhone, a Windows PC, my smart home components and a future connected car , where does the unique value of iOS or Windows 10 go? Out the door ... This overarching importance and distancing from different platforms is why I refer to these assistants as the preeminent example of a "meta-platform," something that provides the potential for expansion, via both APIs for new software development, and the connectivity of a regular platform, but at a layer "above" a traditional OS. With that thought in mind, it's interesting to look at recent data that Technalysis Research collected as part of a nearly 1,000-person survey of U.S. consumers on usage of digital assistants on smartphones, PCs and the hottest new entrant, smart speakers such as Amazon's Alexa and Google Home. As mentioned earlier, in their present incarnations, these digital assistants are primarily focused on voice-based computing and the kinds of applications that are best suited for simple voice-driven queries. To get a better sense of how these assistants are used, respondents were asked in separate questions how often (or even if) they used digital assistants on smart speakers (such as Amazon Echo), smartphones and PCs. The results were combined into the chart below: What's fascinating is that, even though the smart speaker category is relatively new (the Echo is less than two years old) and Siri, the first smartphone-based digital assistant, arrived in 2011, it's clear that people with access to a smart speaker like Echo (around 14 percent of U.S. households, according to the survey results) are using digital assistants significantly more than those with smartphones. If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. While it's tempting to suggest that this may be due to the perceived accuracy of the different assistants, in a separate question about accuracy, the rankings for Alexa, Siri and Google's Assistant were nearly identical, meaning there was no one clear favorite. Instead, these results suggest that a dedicated-function device placed in a central location within a home simply invites more usage. Translation: If you want to be relevant in these early stages of the digital assistant battle, you need to have a dedicated smart speaker offering. Of course, the other challenge is that most people are now increasingly exposed to and use multiple digital assistants from multiple players. In fact, 56 percent of the respondents acknowledged that they at least occasionally (and some frequently) used multiple assistants, with differing degrees of comfort in making the switch between them. The largest single group, 26 percent, said they were loyal to and consistently used one assistant and ignored the others, but as competition in this area heats up, those loyalties are likely to be tested. Digital assistant technology has a long way to go, and their current usage patterns only provide some degree of insight into what their long-term capabilities will be. Nevertheless, it's clear that the meta-platform battle for digital assistants is going to have a significantly broader and longer-lasting impact than the OS platform battles of yore. That, by itself, will make them essential to watch and understand. © 2017 Re/Code syndicated under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Microsoft. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com TOP OF THE NEWS SUNDAY JUNE 4 Hey Alexa, Take Me Out to the Ball Game and Buy Some Peanuts The Seattle Mariners baseball team and neighbor Amazon have partnered to put the Alexa voice-activated operating system in every suite at Safeco Field. It's the first partnership of its kind in pro sports. MS Reboots Skype with New Features   Essential Home to Run All Assistants   Adobe Scan: Docs into Editable PDFs   70% of Smartphone Apps Track Users   Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN DIGITAL LIFE Walmart Tests Delivery by Employees Alexa: Take Me Out to the Ball Game MS Reboots Skype with New Features Essential Home to Run All Assistants Adobe Scan: Docs into Editable PDFs INSIDE MOBILE TECH TODAY NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS LAPTOPS & TABLETS MOBILE PHONES MOBILE GADGETS MOBILE APPS MOBILE SECURITY BYOD & MDM MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY NEWSFACTOR ENTERPRISE SECURITY TODAY SCI-TECH TODAY CRM DAILY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Mobile Tech Users Copyright 2017 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் LIVE TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Technology Now 'Judy' malware infects 36.5 mn Android phones globally As the world was still recovering from the "WannaCrypt" ransomware attack, a malware called "Judy" hit over 36.5 million Android-based phones, making its way through Google Play Store. ﻿ IANS| Last Updated: Monday, May 29, 2017 - 23:03 Comment 0 Comment New Delhi: As the world was still recovering from the "WannaCrypt" ransomware attack, a malware called "Judy" hit over 36.5 million Android-based phones, making its way through Google Play Store. According to cyber security firm Check Point, dozens of malicious apps have been downloaded between 4.5 million to 18.5 million times. Some of the malware-affected apps have been discovered residing on Google Play for several years. "Judy" is one such case of how an open and free mobile operating system (OS) can be exploited by malicious app developers.  "The entire ecosystem of free mobile OS is built around generating advertising revenues, and the operating systems grants apps with certain privileges to display these ads," Amit Jaju, Executive Director, Fraud Investigation and Dispute Services, EY India, said in a statement. According to Jaju, they noticed certain Indian apps with a potentially malicious code when displaying ads. "Therefore, users should review all installed apps to have proper security settings and tools in place. One should avoid installing free apps and those from unknown sources," he suggested. After the malware-affected apps were discovered by Check Point, Google removed them from the Play Store. The malicious apps primarily included a series of casual cooking and fashion games under the "Judy" brand, a name borrowed for the malware itself. "Judy" is an auto-clicking adware which was found on 41 apps developed by a Korean company that uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. The nefarious nature of the programmes went unnoticed in large part because its malware payload was downloaded from a non-Google server after the programmes were installed.  The code would then use the infected phone to click on Google ads, generating fraudulent revenue for the attacker. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown. Previously, Android-based devices were hit by similar malwares like "FalseGuide" and "Skinner" that also infiltrated through Google Play. TAGS WannaCryptransomware attackJudyCheck PointMobile Operating System India Row erupts over new cattle slaughter rules; government indicates rethink From Zee News Celebrities and their Instagram diaries IPL 2017, Final - Mumbai Indians VS Rising Pune Supergiant Largest Cruise Ships Ever Built Jammu and Kashmir Four militants killed as CRPF thwart fidayeen attack in Jam... Space GSLV MkIII-D1/GSAT-19 mission: Why it's significant fo... Delhi Hot Monday morning in Delhi EuropeWorld Terror attacks and election place UK PM Theresa May under m... India NDTV's Prannoy Roy under CBI lens; raids at four locat... EuropeWorld Will election call prove a nightmare for Theresa May? Comment 0 Comment - Join the Discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus trending World London terror attacks: Police make 12 arrests; PM May says 'enough is enough', vow... India NDTV's Prannoy Roy under CBI lens; raids at four locations in Delhi, Dehradun India Govt takes serious note of phone tapping of prominent Muslims during UPA rule India Army denies Pakistan's claim of killing Indian soldiers, targeting Indian posts EuropeWorld Donald Trump slams London Mayor Sadiq Khan, uses attack to promote Muslim travel ban Jammu and Kashmir NIA raids again in Kashmir over terror funding, recovers Pak currency notes from separatists... Tamil Nadu BJP-RSS want to thrust one idea; Oppn will defeat them: Rahul India Indian forces won't count bullets if Pakistan fires: Rajnath Singh Punjab Punjab, Haryana reel under blistering heat, Bhatinda sizzles at 48 deg C Jammu and Kashmir CRPF foils suicide attack in Jammu and Kashmir's Bandipora district, 4 terrorists kille... photo gallery BEST PICS OF THE DAY - 5 June 2017 video Bihar: Humanities topper Ganesh Kumar arrested, result suspended Many people die in terror attack in London Who is responsible for terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir? DNA: Analysing the dreadful condition of Syrian war in Damascus and Palmyra CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY LEGAL DISCLAIMER COMPLAINT OUR TEAM INVESTOR INFO WHERE TO WATCH CAREERS PARTNER SITE: DNA INDIA INDIA STATES WORLD BUSINESS SPORTS TECHNOLOGY SCIENCE & ENVIRONMENT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE HEALTH BLOGS PHOTO VIDEO © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] May 29 GOOG: 971.47 1.93 Comment: Reinvigorated with a slew of updates at I/O, Google Assistant is more natural & useful Abner Li - May. 29th 2017 10:07 am PT @technacity Apps & Updates Google I/O 2017 Google Assistant View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google I/O is a developer event and that focus was in full force earlier this month. Of course, for the consumer, it can be a bit hard to be interested by the laying of groundwork for future functionality. However, compared to previous years, I/O 2017 was wildly exciting for the slew of updates that Google quickly rolled out to one of its existing products. A year after its introduction, the Assistant received new features that notably make it more useful and reaffirm how important it is to Google’s future. Nintendo Switch A natural interface While waiting for a proper keyboard, I revisited Google Allo for an early taste at conversing with a chatbot version of Assistant. I was deeply intrigued by the idea of having a more traditional conversation with technology. But no matter how interesting I found the ability to talk with Google in a conversational manner, a habit did not form, largely because you can’t change settings, launch apps, and have general device access. When Assistant finally launched on phones with those deep-rooted controls, I experimented with the voice-heavy interface. While many find voice a natural input method, I quickly began to disagree. Maybe it’s a result of coming from a generation that finds texting second nature, but I’d rather be discreet and silent with my technologic interactions. It’s clear that others have flocked to speaking naturally with Google Home and Amazon Alexa, but in spite of that I don’t think society has come to accept that behavior in public. Following the rollout of typing support for Assistant at I/O, I was finally able to converse in a medium natural to me. On stage, Google even noted that this addition was part of making “interacting with your Assistant more natural.” After a week of having the keyboard set as the preferred input method, I’m already using it more. It is no longer relegated to music controls when my phone is locked or other simple commands. Knowing there is quick access to a keyboard and search field have switched me away from using the Search pill or bar to Google. With that, the company has succeeded in making my search experience more conversational on the phone. While I consider myself a “pro” Googler on the full web, what I type into Assistant ends up being quite similar to verbal searches. A secondary effect of this is relying more on Google’s featured snippets and Assistant’s first results. Also greatly convenient is the new ability to fully expand Assistant to see a history of search terms and their results. I never liked Assistant’s ephemeral nature before this, and like being able to quickly get back to past results instead of redoing the command. I’m very clearly still on the novelty phase as I find myself using it to open apps on the homescreen and even my dock, but I can see the habit of using it to open apps only located in my app drawer. Custom macros Even my most frequent use of Assistant was supercharged by an update last week. With Shortcuts, I can have my favorite Play Music playlist start playing by saying a single word instead of a longer, more descriptive phrase. I’ve found this to be highly personal and somewhat matching the company’s frequently stated mission of building everyone their “own individual Google.” Other macros like being able to create preset messages to send to contacts are useful, as is being able to control smart home devices. It is definitely more intuitive than having to go out to IFTTT to set and more likely to be adopted by the average consumer due to the simplicity and integration across the OS. A visual app store Actions on Google finally made their way to phones from Google Home at I/O, and Assistant did the right thing of essentially creating an app store. Called Explore, users can visually browse carousels of third-party actions. More importantly, developers are able to create landing pages that better detail the commands. This is much more intuitive than listening to verbal instructions. Throughout I/O, Google noted how Assistant is a new platform for developers, with 100 million devices running it today. After a week of usage with the new updates, there is really a lot to explore and use. Last year, it was quite hard to see how Assistant was Google’s future given the limited feature set. Google Now did not really meet its grandiose dream of being a proactive assistant, while Now on Tap achieved much less than that. Now, Google has supercharged their future with a genuinely useful feature and I — at very least — am using and trusting it to do more. Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Google Assistant View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 8 hrs 7 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Tesla’s former Autopilot head is launching a self-driving-car company — and it could have a big advantage Danielle Muoio Business Insider May 29, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos chris UrmsonMore (Chris Urmson, the former head of Google's self-driving-car project.Medium / Chris Urmson) It's not particularly shocking to see a new startup pop up at this point in the lucrative race to develop self-driving-car tech. But it is noteworthy to see one that boasts the star engineers behind Google's and Tesla's respective projects as its leaders. Aurora Innovation is a new startup led by Chris Urmson, the former head of Google's autonomous car team, and Sterling Anderson, the former director of Tesla Autopilot. Drew Bagnell, Uber's former autonomy and perception lead, has also joined Aurora as CTO. Aurora plans to develop the hardware, software, and data services necessary to build an autonomous driving platform — a similar approach to Uber and Waymo, the self-driving venture spun out of Google's parent company. Aurora plans to work directly with Tier 1 suppliers to design the best sensors to feed the algorithms that will create the car brain. That involves taking on tech giants when it comes to designing complex hardware like lidar, a key sensor that helps vehicles detect objects, which has become the focal point of a lawsuit between Uber and Waymo. Aurora is still in early stages, however, and is currently hiring and collecting data with an Audi Q7. View photos aurora innovation audi q7More (Aurora Innovation is using an Audi Q7, pictured here, to collect data.Aurora Innovation) At first glance, Aurora seems to be taking the same tactic as most self-driving startups in Silicon Valley. Automakers have spent millions on relatively unknown ventures as part of an effort to bulk up on artificial intelligence experts. Driverless-car startup Cruise Automation, for example, was snatched by GM for $581 million. The practice gives engineers the cash cushion to pursue their ideas while carmakers secure the talent necessary to compete with Tesla and Waymo on software. But Anderson told Business Insider that Aurora is not looking to get acquired by automakers. "We’re not for sale," Anderson said. "We intend to enable the entire industry and we wouldn't be able to do that if we were owned by a single OEM." Aurora plans to work directly with automakers through non-exclusive partnerships, Anderson said. Aurora was officially formed in January and was operating in stealth mode until a Tesla lawsuit broke news of the venture's existence. The lawsuit, which alleged Anderson had poached Tesla employees to work at Aurora, was settled in April. The startup has $6.5 million so far to work with through self-funding and a small financing round. The company plans to launch a Series A at some point this year. The self-driving-car space is getting crowded as more startups, like AutoX, jump into the ring to build a solution for automakers that desperately need the software talent. "I think right now the industry is kind of prickly. I think there's a lot of anxiety right now," Anderson said. Although some loose alliances have been formed, like Fiat Chrysler's work with Waymo, several automakers are still looking to align with Silicon Valley to ramp up their internal autonomous driving efforts. Ford expressed such an interest when it named Jim Hackett, the executive that had been overseeing its self-driving-car efforts, as CEO of the entire company. "Those who build cars will continue to build cars for a long time. I don't see that changing," Anderson said. "At the same time, expertise in software development and self-driving [is] one place where folks like our team are uniquely qualified." Correction: Aurora is interested in designing complex sensor systems like lidar and radar. NOW WATCH: Elon Musk just revealed the final details of Tesla's Solar Roof — here's everything you need to know More From Business Insider The very first electric pickup truck has arrived — and it could take on Ford one day Here's everything Google is rumoured to be launching in 2017 IKEA's smart light bulbs will soon be compatible with Amazon Echo, Siri, and Google Assistant Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider Get a softer clean while using less* CharminSponsored Microsoft Will Pay You to Use Bing Instead of Google Fortune London attack: PM's condemnation of tech firms criticised BBC News Apple WWDC 2017: How to watch live stream and what to expect International Business Times Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored Google Artificial Intelligence Finally Beats the Best in The Motley Fool In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance 5 Most Rewarding Travel Card Offers NerdWalletSponsored US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider J.K. Rowling’s powerful responses to the London terrorist attacks remind us why she’s the queen of Twitter john: Get out on the streets and leave your bodyguards behind. I sure you will be safe. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 1.3k
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us The ASUS ZenFone AR will land in the US by early July +7,456 Andrew Myrick May 29th, 2017 At Google I/O 2017, Google confirmed that the ASUS ZenFone AR would finally launch sometime this Summer. The device was initially announced back in November of last year, then shown off again at CES 2017, and will be the first to include Tango and Daydream capabilities. However, we were still wondering as to a more specific timeframe for the ZenFone AR to launch, and thanks to the folks at Engadget, we now know. In an interview with ASUS CEO Jerry Shen, it was revealed that the ZenFone AR will launch in ASUS’ home country of Taiwan in “mid-June” with a US launch to follow “as soon as end of June or early July.” The ZenFone AR was on display at Google I/O and we were able to get some hands-on time with the upcoming device. It definitely seems to be a very promising device, especially with the fact that Verizon will be carrying the ZenFone AR. This is a huge move for Google as the company looks to push further into the AR and VR world, and the ZenFone AR may be the perfect device to do so. As a quick refresher, the ZenFone AR is packed with a 5.7-inch QHD display, while being powered by the Snapdragon 821 SoC and either 6GB or 8GB of RAM. Unfortunately, pricing has yet to be revealed. [Engadget] local_offer    ASUS   ASUS ZenFone AR   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (4) stars Further Reading A new ASUS tablet makes an appearance at Computex DEAL: Save $170 on the ASUS ZenFone Zoom Hands-on: ASUS ZenFone AR with Tango [VIDEO] ASUS Zenfone AR will launch with Verizon ASUS Zenfone AR is out this summer stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertPeel’s paper thin cases perfectly compl closePeel’s paper thin cases perfectly complement your Google Pixel [VIDEO] It’s tough finding paper thin cases for the Google Pixel. When you do, they’re usually in black or smoke, but Peel is offering clear and blue colors that perfectly matches your Pixel. We even have a promo code for 20% off. 2 more_vertSamsung releases its Always On Display app closeSamsung releases its Always On Display app onto the Play Store, but you can’t download it Samsung has released its Always On Display for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus onto the Play Store. This will give Samsung more control over updates regarding this specific feature of the devices. 3 more_vertBest Apps of the Month close30+ Best Android Apps [June 2017] A lot of apps are released in the span of one month. It can be near impossible to keep track of them all. In order to help you find only the best apps that have been released in the last month, we have assembled this list. 4 more_vertHow to claim Samsung's BOGO deal for the Galaxy S8 closeHow to redeem Samsung’s BOGO deal for the Galaxy S8 Samsung recently had a BOGO deal on the Galaxy S8 and S8+. If you were one of the lucky few who took part, redeeming that offer is easier said than done. Here are the steps you’ll have to take to make sure you get your rebate. 5 more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (June 2, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 6 more_vertSamsung releases SoundAssistant app for Galaxy S8 closeSoundAssistant aims to improve your audio experience on the Galaxy S8 Samsung has released a new app onto the Play Store called SoundAssistant. This app is designed for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus and gives users more fine-tuned controls over their audio. 7 more_vertZTE Nubia Z17 announced closeThe ZTE Nubia Z17 packs 8GB of RAM and Quick Charge 4+ This new phone from ZTE has just about every high-end feature you could want and more. It might be the most powerful phone on the planet right now. 8 more_vertQuick Charge 4+ announced closeQualcomm announces Quick Charge 4+ with 3 new features Last year, Qualcomm introduced the Snapdragon 835 processor along with Quick Charge 4.0. A few devices have the 835, but none have QC 4.0 yet. That didn’t stop Qualcomm from announcing the next version, Quick Charge 4+. 9 more_vertThe OnePlus 5 camera gets teased on Twitter closeOnePlus continues to hype up the OnePlus 5, this time with a camera sample The OnePlus Twitter account has shared a comparison of two images, posing the question of “Can you tell which photo was taken with the OnePlus 5?” 10 more_vertNew LG G6 variants may launch later this month closeLG has plans to launch the LG G6 Pro and G6 Plus later this month A new report claims that LG is planning to launch the LG G6 Pro and LG G6 Plus in the company’s home country of South Korea. These devices will offer slightly specs than the standard LG G6. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Security Over 36.5 million Android users infected by Judy malware Security Over 36.5 million Android users infected by Judy malware By Sohil Nikam - May 29, 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Security firm Check Point has uncovered a massive malware campaign that stretches back several years, hiding in plain sight within the Google Play Store. Commonly referred to as Judy, the adware might have affected over 36.5 million Android users. Check Point claims that a Korean company called Kiniwini, registered as ENISTUDIO Corp on the Google Play Store, is behind the malware. 41 apps developed by the brand contained the nefarious code, in addition to others made by different developers. ENISTUDIO was able to thwart Google’s protections by creating a benign bridgehead app under the Judy brand name which allowed it to get inside the Play Store. Once the application gets installed in a victim’s device, the adware silently establishes a connection with its Command and Control server (C&C) to receive the malicious payload code. Also See: Gmail users hit with massive Google Docs phishing scam Judy then opens URLs via the user agent and redirects to another site where JavaScript code is utilized to click on Google ads. The malware author in turn gets paid by the website for the illegitimate clicks and traffic. Given Judy’s spread, the adware probably generated a large amount of revenue for the attackers. Check Point says that Google removed the malevolent apps swiftly upon learning about Judy’s existence. The fact that it went undetected for so many years is a cause for worry though. It’s probably best to not take high ratings at face value in light of the malware’s spread, given that many of the apps in question got positive feedback from several people. You can check out Check Point’s list of Judy malware-laden apps here. TAGS Android Google Google Play store Judy Malware SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleXiaomi may bring Mi Max 2 to India in July Next articleOnePlus unveils new referral program ahead of OnePlus 5 launch Sohil Nikam RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR New WannaCry fix recovers your files without any ransom 17 million Zomato accounts stolen, being sold on the Dark Web Microsoft slams US govt over WannaCry ransomware attack 244,073FansLike 13,611FollowersFollow 14,445SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More Samsung outs Pirates of the Caribbean-themed Galaxy S8 Bindu Nair - Jun 3, 2017 0 OnePlus 5 retail box, price leaked Bertila Helena - Jun 3, 2017 0 Google Chrome’s getting an in-built ad-blocker in 2018 Bindu Nair - Jun 3, 2017 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio How-To Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets Social media filter bubbles could create ‘frogs in internet well’ Vinson Kurian comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Jayakumar K, CEO, Cearsleg Technologies Digital marketing professional Jayakumar K says users become separated from information that disagrees with their viewpoints Thiruvananthapuram, May 29:   Google and other social-media networks’ resort to ‘filter bubbles’ to divide users into like-minded people will only create a community of ‘frogs in the internet well,’ says an expert. Filter bubbles created by personalised search technologies restrict a user’s perspective, says Jayakumar K, a digital marketing professional and CEO, Cearsleg Technologies. Data analytics A Google analytics expert, Jayakumar also holds the honorary position of a Deputy Commander with the Kerala Police CyberDome here. Google and major social-media companies employ complex data analytics to restrict the access to actual or full facts about a subject. Personalised search results generated by these bots will give information that may not be adequate, correct or complete. Google updates its ‘personalised searched’ algorithms and Facebook its ‘personalised news-stream’ algorithms to isolate users in this manner, Jayakumar said. Ideological bubbles Users become separated from information that disagrees with their viewpoints, effectively isolating them in their own cultural or ideological bubbles. The aim is to retain publishers to help drive revenue, by forcing them to use paid activity for a longer period. But this could in turn create an ‘echo-chamber’ effect as users search for information related to a particular topic and bump into each other. They become insulated within their own online community and fail to get exposed to different views. The resulting narrow information base could have its own adverse impact on critical discourse on the online medium and, by extension, freedom of expression, Jayakumar said. Continual process Google and Facebook claim their latest change in algorithms aims to prioritise content from friends over those of brands. This is part of a continual process of improving the user experience, they aver. But it could be also an attempt to further limit the ‘organic reach’ of publishers, Jayakumar counters. According to the latest reports, the European Union has taken measures to lessen the impact of the filter bubble in that region. It is sponsoring inquiries into how filter bubbles affect people’s ability to access diverse news. India will be better advised to exercise caution and limit the impact of filter bubbles on online discourse in the country, Jayakumar said. (This article was published on May 29, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS internet | social networking | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Video: All about Facebook At Work more videos» O P E N close Recent Article in Social Media ‘Leaked documents show types of content Facebook allows’ New challenges such as "revenge porn" have overwhelmed Facebook’s moderators who often have just 10 seconds to make a decision, The Guardian said » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Artificial Intelligence Products Market 2017-2022 Analysis by Top Players, Regions, Applications & Types “Market Research Reports and Industry Analysis” OrbisResearch.com has published “Global Artificial Intelligence Products Market Research Report 2017” market report to its research database. Global Artificial Intelligence Products market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Open AI, IBM, NEC, Nuance’s, Google, Microsoft Corp, Ipsoft, Google, Rocket Fuel Inc, Fingenius Ltd. In our aim to provide our erudite clients with the best research material with absolute in-depth information of the market, our new report on Global Artificial Intelligence Products Market is confident in meeting their needs and expectations. The 2017 market research report on Global Artificial Intelligence Products Market is an in-depth study and analysis of the market by our industry experts with unparalleled domain knowledge. The report will shed light on many critical points and trends of the industry which are useful for our esteemed clients. The report covers a vast expanse of information including an overview, comprehensive analysis, definitions and classifications, applications, and expert opinions, among others. With the extent of information filled in the report, the presentation and style of the Global Artificial Intelligence Products Market report is a noteworthy. The Global Artificial Intelligence Products Industry report provides key information about the industry, including invaluable facts and figures, expert opinions, and the latest developments across the globe. Not only does the report cover a holistic view of the industry from a global standpoint, but it also covers individual regions and their development. The Global Artificial Intelligence Products Industry report showcases the latest trends in the global and regional markets on all critical parameters which include technology, supplies, capacity, production, profit, price, and competition. The key players covered in the report provide a detailed analysis of the competition and their developments in the Global Artificial Intelligence Products Industry. Accurate forecasts and expert opinion from credible sources, and the recent R&D development in the industry is also a mainstay of the Artificial Intelligence Products Market report. Request a sample of the report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/172331 . The report also focuses on the significance of industry chain analysis and all variables, both upstream and downstream. These include equipment and raw materials, client surveys, marketing channels, and industry trends and proposals. Other significant information covering consumption, key regions and distributors, and raw material suppliers are also a covered in this report. In this report, the global Artificial Intelligence Products market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Artificial Intelligence Products in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States, EU, China, Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan Are you looking for a DISCOUNT before purchasing this report? If yes, contact us @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/discount/172331 . Global Artificial Intelligence Products market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Open AI, IBM, NEC, Nuance’s, Google, Microsoft Corp, Ipsoft, Google, Rocket Fuel Inc, Fingenius Ltd On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Computer/GPU Chip Hardware, Cloud Hardware, and Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Artificial Intelligence Products for each application, including Media & Advertising, Healthcare, Automotive & Transportation, Other If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Purchase a single user copy of the report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/172331 . Major points from Table of Contents: Chapter One: Artificial Intelligence Products Market Overview Chapter Two: Global Artificial Intelligence Products Market Competition by Manufacturers Chapter Three: Global Artificial Intelligence Products Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) Chapter Four: Global Artificial Intelligence Products Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) Chapter Five: Global Artificial Intelligence Products Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type Chapter Six: Global Artificial Intelligence Products Market Analysis by Application Chapter Seven: Global Artificial Intelligence Products Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis Chapter Eight: Artificial Intelligence Products Manufacturing Cost Analysis Chapter Nine: Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers Chapter Ten: Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders Chapter Eleven: Market Effect Factors Analysis Chapter Twelve: Global Artificial Intelligence Products Market Forecast (2016-2021) Chapter Thirteen: Research Findings and Conclusion Chapter Fourteen: Appendix About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Media Contact Company Name: Orbis Research Contact Person: Hector Costello Email: sales@orbisresearch.com Phone: +1 (214) 884-6817 Address:4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600 City: Dallas State: Texas Country: United States Website: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/2017-market-research-report-on-global-artificial-intelligence-products-industry CategoriesUncategorized TagsAutomotive, Media & Communications, News & Current Affairs, Technology, Telecom Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Leading Tech Repair Brand uBreakiFix Partners With IWK Foundation to Help Fund Care of Maritime Women and Children Next PostNext Global Third-Party Banking Software Market Analysis, Size, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Vaisala partners with DryKeep to enhance transformer moisture monitoring New Report On Global Healthcare Analytics Market 2017 Edition Pöyry awarded engineering services assignment for EPC Selection of GLEDC’s supercritical power plant in the Philippines Electric Enclosure Market Report 2017: Top Countries, Manufacturers, Types and Applications Focused Ion Beam Market Expected to Reach $4.9 billion, Globally, by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Asus’ Tango-supported ZenFone AR coming to US in July Newsby Brian Reigh7 days ago 2 260 7 We knew that the ZenFone AR would be hitting the shelves sometime this summer, but now we have a more precise timeframe of when it would be launching in the US. The company CEO has recently confirmed to Engadget that the device will officially debut in Taiwan in mid-June, followed by the US sometime at the end of June or in early July. See also: Life-like realism, a Pixel AR and going mainstream: catching up with Project Tango 2 weeks ago Dubbed one of the worst-kept secrets of CES 2017, the ZenFone AR is the Taiwanese company’s first ever Tango-powered smartphone. In fact, it’s the second ever Tango device to hit the market and the first to bring Tango and Daydream in one package. Tango, in case you’ve never heard of it before, is Google’s take on augmented reality: it uses an advanced 3D sensing chip to map the user’s position in relation to their surroundings without GPS or complicated external signals. Google thinks this might revolutionize how we interact with apps, and we were quite impressed by its progress at Google I/O 2017. The ZenFone AR will arrive in Taiwan in mid-June, and it’ll make its US debut on Verizon shortly after in late June or early July. Now, Google and Asus have already assured us that the ZenFone AR, which was unveiled back in January, is still alive and will launch in select markets this summer. Well, if you were looking to buy Asus’ Tango-powered smartphone and was wondering exactly when in the summer the device would be launching, the answer is right here: in an interview with Engadget, Jerry Shen, CEO of Asus, has clarified that the ZenFone AR will arrive in Taiwan in mid-June, and it’ll make its US debut on Verizon shortly after in late June or early July. According to the company, of 100+ Tango AR apps, as many as 50 run stably on the Asus ZenFone AR, but it expects the number to grow significantly in the coming months. The ZenFone AR has a 5.7-inch QHD OLED screen – a lot smaller than the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro, the first Tango-supported smartphone – and is powered by Snapdragon 821 and 8GB of RAM. The absence of Snapdragon 835 is disappointing, given the device’s launch date, but the chipset’s Hexagon 680 processor, which was fine-tuned by Qualcomm itself, as well as its vapor cooling system should provide plenty of power without overheating. There will be a version with 6GB of RAM as well though details regarding the price difference are unavailable at the moment. Shen has, however, stated that the company wouldn’t “dare to charge more than” the Galaxy S8 Plus for the upcoming ZenFone, so here’s hoping that it’s not prohibitively expensive. Shen has stated that the company wouldn’t “dare to charge more than” the Galaxy S8 Plus for the upcoming ZenFone. Are you interested in getting the ZenFone AR once it launches? What are your thoughts on Google’s AR? Let us know by leaving a comment below! News Tango, ASUS ZenFone AR ASUS ZenFone AR, Tango  Engadget Brian Reigh Brian Reigh is a contributor at Android Authority, covering all Android-related news and features. He has always been passionate about technology, especially mobile phones. He is a recent alum of Dartmouth College and is currently in law school. Show 2 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 15 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
gizmodo Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root gizmodo How to Build a Smart Home Where Everything Might Actually Work David Nield5/29/17 10:45am Filed to: smart home Amazon Google Apple 54 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image: Apple The smart home future is here... sort of. But really how smart are a bunch of different devices all speaking different languages? Unfortunately, the smart home can be very stupid and often takes longer to set up than breathless advertisements imply. We’re here to tell you how you can build a smart home where everything works in harmony. How Smart Do You Want Your Home to Be? Image: Gizmodo As we’ve recently noted, not much in the smart home world is truly universal yet, but hardware and software makers are slowly catching on. Devices like the Chromecast, Sonos speakers, and Eero routers simplify setups that were once painfully complicated—only people of a certain age will ever appreciate how magical it is to tap a button and have video instantly beamed from smartphone to television. A good starting point is to work out whether you want to dabble in the smart home scene or go all-in with your automation, and we’ve covered both choices below. Going device by device is easier and cheaper, but can get messy and prove hard to upgrade; committing to one platform and hub is more limiting for now but may pay off later down the line. Advertisement While we’ll do our best to guide you towards a kit that’s compatible, and explain the competing standards out there right now, the truth is we’re not yet at the stage where everything in the Internet of Things speaks happily to everything else—that’s still a way off. You can either automate a lot around the home, and control everything separately, or go through one central hub, and take what you get. Taking a piecemeal approach Image: LIFX We’ve mentioned that individual aspects of the smart home is slowly improving, and if you’re buying a one-off device, chances are you’re going to be very impressed: buy an Amazon Echo, or a Nest thermostat, or a Philips Hue lightbulb, and you can add a little intelligence to your humble home in minutes. You can even rig something up yourself. Thanks to the ubiquitous Wi-Fi most of us now enjoy, getting devices online and connected is easier than ever, which means mobile control from the palm of our hands is pretty straightforward. You can get smart locks, smart lights, smart fridges, and more besides, and generally speaking, the user experience is getting up to somewhere near a respectable standard after several years of hits and misses. The benefits of making one-off additions to your smart home are that everything should just work the first time, and you can keep costs down too. Focus on the parts of your house you want to make a little cleverer (like your air conditioner) and leave the rest in blissful ignorance for the time being. Image: Nest The big downsides? Everything in your home has a separate app and nothing works together. You can’t dim the lights and slide down the blinds, or open your garage and unlock the door, or do anything else at the same time and in the same app without embracing one of the (fledgling) platforms out there. There are workarounds, but they are just that: workarounds. Our favorite is the Field Guide regular IFTTT (If This Then That). It can tie together different smart home gadgets with impressive skill. It can do tricks like getting your Echo to talk to your Nest or keeping your lights and heating in sync, but it’s not ideal for building an overarching system. Yet it’s still another layer of complexity and another app to deal with. Choosing a platform Image: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo Throwing everything behind one particular platform will save you from learning the ins and outs of IFTTT or keeping a dozen smart home apps on your phone. Yet none of these platforms are anywhere near perfect yet, which is why many people are sticking with the wait-and-see approach. Advertisement Sponsored The easiest way in to embracing a hub is to buy yourself an Amazon Echo or a Google Home and then pick up the rest of your kit based on what else is compatible. The Amazon Echo devices work with gear from the likes of Philips, Belkin, Honeywell, TP-Link and more—in fact, its growing support for third-party apps and products is probably where it’s still strongest against Google’s rival smart speaker. Google Home hasn’t been around as long as the Echo, and it shows in terms of what else works with it (and the companion Google Home app). The list of working smart home products is less impressive than Amazon’s. Though there are still some major mainstays. Manufacturers like Philips and Belkin have recently joined the Google party, and Nest and Dropcam devices work, but they’re both now subsidiaries of Google. Image: Apple Apple HomeKit, meanwhile, has been with us since 2014 but is still waiting for its breakthrough moment. There’s no always listening speaker to use, so you’re stuck with your iPad, iPhone or Apple TV for controlling everything. Yet the number of gadgets with the works-with-HomeKit badge continues to grow and grow, and few smart home platforms offer the simplicity and ease-of-use of Apple’s app. Advertisement If you don’t want Apple, Google, or Amazon running your smart home, then SmartThings (now owned by Samsung) is another option. It’s the most comprehensive out there at the moment, with a plethora of supported devices, from SmartThings brand sensors and switches to third-party kits from the usual smart home suspects like Philips, Belkin, Netgear, and Ecobee. It even offers integration with both the Amazon Echo or Google Home. Yet set up can be almost as bothersome as the IFTTT solution. So SmartThings isn’t recommended if you don’t have a full afternoon set aside for getting things going. Wink is a direct rival to SmartThings and has a list of compatible devices and services that are just as impressive. As with SmartThings, you can hook Wink gear up with Google Assistant or Amazon Alexa, and everything is handled with one central hub. We haven’t had the best of experiences with Wink in the past, but we’re prepared to give it the benefit of the doubt and imagine it’s got better over the last couple of years. Plus, as we’ve already said, no smart home platform is perfect right now. Other platforms are available, but we’d suggest sticking to those five options for now, even if it’s hard to predict which way the smart home market will turn next. In a lot of ways it’s down to who you trust to make the best software, sign the best deals and attract the most developers in the next few years—and then you’ll really have a smart home to be proud of. Home is where the tech is How to Buy a Smart TV That Won't Make Your House Sad 5 Apps and Gadgets to Help Get You Out of Bed How to Secure Your Home From Corporate Snoopers David Nield david.nield@gizmodo.com @davidnield Contributor You may also like Field Guide Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing Tuesday 11:19am Field Guide The Best Stuff to Do On the Google Homepage That Isn't Googling 5/28/17 11:25am Field Guide Protect Yourself Against Ransomware With a Solid Backup System Thursday 12:45pm Recent from David Nield 20 17.9K Field Guide · David Nield Protect Yourself Against Ransomware With a Solid Backup System Thursday 12:45pm 10 35.6K Field Guide · David Nield Ten iMessage Apps Actually Worth Installing Tuesday 11:19am 8 18 47.6K Field Guide · David Nield The Best Stuff to Do On the Google Homepage That Isn't Googling 5/28/17 11:25am Share Tweet Need Help? Content Guide Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google now shows personal tab in search filters By Ida Torres - May 29, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google has made it its mission to make organizing and accessing all the information you need easier through various apps and app features. If you like including your emails, photos, and other information in your search results when you Google something, you’ll be pleased to know that it seems that there is now a new Personal tab in your search results. But there is no official announcement from the tech giant just yet, so this may just be a beta test rolling out to selected users. Some users screencapped what they saw on their phones when they searched for something using their Google app or their Chrome for Android. Along with the other usual tabs like News, Videos, Images, under More you could see the Personal tab. It will show you information that only you can see, including flight details, photos, emails, etc. Basically it will search through the Google apps that you are logged into. This is actually not something new as Google was already putting out personalized results since 2012, which most people probably don’t know. But they were included in your core results and not as a personalized tab filter option. But now you can just choose that tab in case you just want to look for something that is in your personal Google apps. Since Google hasn’t made an official announcement about this, then it might just be a test that they’re doing to several users. So if you have it, let us know if you find it useful or whatever. VIA: SE Round Table TAGS Android Apps Google Ida Torres Must Read HTC U11 Hands-on: squeezing every last measure available BlackBerry KEYone Review Samsung Galaxy S8 Review Community 922.6klikes 478.3kfollowers 85.9kcomments / Free WordPress Plugins and WordPress Themes by Silicon Themes. Join us right now! Latest Devices ZTE nubia Z17 Motorola Moto Z2 Play Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise RSS Feed © 2008 - 2017 Android Community
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Discounts Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Advertise Search Metro Follow us 118m shares Despite earning £15 billion, Google claims it’s ‘too expensive’ to reveal women’s pay Rob Waugh for Metro.co.ukMonday 29 May 2017 3:57 pm Does Google discriminate against women? (Picture: Thomas Trutschel/Photothek via Getty Images) Google – which, incidentally, posted earnings of £15 billion last year – has said that it is too ‘financially burdensome’ to work out how much it pays women. First victim of London Bridge attack named as Chrissy Archibald Google is under investigation by the Department of Labor in America for discriminating against women – and paying them less than men. But Google claims that it would have to spend 500 hours and $100,000 to get salary data – and that is too ‘burdensome’. Department of Labor lawyer Ian Eliasoph drew attention to Google’s massive earnings, saying, ‘Google would be able to absorb the cost as easy as a dry kitchen sponge could absorb a single drop of water.’ Google is under investigation after the gender pay gap allegations were disclosed by a U.S. Department of Labor official during a court hearing in the US. The allegations come from evidence obtained as part of an ongoing investigation conducted by the DoL, according to The Guardian What does Google know? (Picture Getty) But the multi-billion dollar company deny the accusations and say they do not have a gender pay gap. Janette Wipper, a DoL regional director, told a San Francisco court: ‘We found systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce.’ And Janet Herold, regional solicitor for the DoL, said: ‘The investigation is not complete, but at this point the department has received compelling evidence of very significant discrimination against women in the most common positions at Google headquarters.’ Ms Herold added: ‘The government’s analysis at this point indicates that discrimination against women in Google is quite extreme, even in this industry.’ (Picture: Getty/Myles Goode) Just five days ago the company claimed to have ‘closed the gender pay gap globally’ in a Tweet on the US’s Equal Pay Day. Policeman dances hand-in-hand with kids at One Love Manchester But Google has been facing the lawsuit since January, the DoL have been trying to force Google to provide salary data and documents to the government. They say that Google should provide this information because it is a federal contractor. But, according to the DoL’s lawsuit, the company refused to hand over the data for a compliance review, which included job and salary history for employees. However, Google say it has already provided ‘hundreds of thousands of records’ and according to a company spokesperson, the requests outlined revealed confidential information, violated the privacy of Google’s employees and were ‘overboard’. Police shot a member of the public while firing at London Bridge attackers In an effort to force the company to reveal more information, the case has now been taken to court. The DoL say data from 2015 salaries that the agency already has shows pay disparities. They now want earlier compensation data and the opportunity to interview employees confidentially. Google’s lawyers say these requests have nothing to do with the compliance review and are nothing more than a ‘fishing expedition’. In a statement, Google said: ‘We vehemently disagree with [Wipper’s] claim. Every year, we do a comprehensive and robust analysis of pay across genders and we have found no gender pay gap. ‘Other than making an unfounded statement which we heard for the first time in court, the DoL hasn’t provided any data, or shared its methodology.’ More Police deal with people 'trying to disrupt' One Love Manchester Defiant fans smile amid heavy security at One Love Manchester French citizen among the dead in London Bridge terror attack More Policeman dances hand-in-hand with kids at One Love Manchester SponsoredThe best family holidays in the UK this summer Defiant fans smile amid heavy security at One Love Manchester First victim of London Bridge attack named as Chrissy Archibald Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Policeman dances hand-in-hand with kids at One Love Manchester Man drinking pint while fleeing terror becomes symbol of London spirit First victim of London Bridge attack named as Chrissy Archibald Isis claim responsibility for London attack but 'put the wrong date' Defiant fans smile amid heavy security at One Love ManchesterMore trending stories » VideoMore videos » Wetherspoons call police after someone is 2p short on order Jeremy Corbyn can't answer basic budget questions Harriet Harman on why Labour has never had a female leader Man confronted for travelling 100 miles to meet 13-year-oldMore videos » YOU ARE HERE: News Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Homepage The Official Unofficial Firefox Blog Follow Sign in / Sign up Eric PetittBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Marketing, growing products for good, cooking without recipes. Thanks Firefox @Mozilla May 23 I was sweet on Google for a while, but now its gotten too big for its britches. Browse Against the Machine I head up Firefox marketing, but I use Chrome every day. Works fine. Easy to use. Like most of us who spend too much time in front of a laptop, I have two browsers open; Firefox for work, Chrome for play, customized settings for each. There are multiple things that bug me about the Chrome product, for sure, but I‘m OK with Chrome. I just don’t like only being on Chrome. And that’s what Chrome wants. It wants you to only use Chrome. Chrome is not evil, it’s just too big for its britches. Its influence on the internet economy and individuals is out of balance. Chrome, with 4 times the market share of its nearest competitor (Firefox), is an eight-lane highway to the largest advertising company in the world. Google built it to maximize revenue from your searches and deliver display ads on millions of websites. To monetize every… single… click. And today, there exists no meaningful safety valve on its market dominance. Beyond Google, the web looks more and more like a feudal system, where the geography of the web has been partitioned off by the Frightful Five. Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Apple and Amazon are our lord and protectors, exacting a royal sum for our online behaviors. We’re the serfs and tenants, providing homage inside their walled fortresses. Noble upstarts are erased or subsumed under their existing order. I don’t like only being on Chrome. I have friends who work there. They are smart, good people who mean well. But there is such thing as too much of a good thing. Google is just too big. But talking to friends, it sounds more and more like living on Chrome has started to feel like their only option. And unfortunately, too many people think Firefox isn’t a modern alternative. Except it is. Yes, three years ago, Firefox was reeling. But today, Firefox is SO much better than it was even a year ago. It’s faster, lags less, hogs much less memory than chrome, and in June we’ll release multi-process Firefox, putting us at performance parity with Chrome in most of the ways we mere humans can actually perceive. It’s because of our newfound internal confidence with Firefox that Mozilla has started to be more aggressive externally again. Firefox’s campaign launching today, called “browse against the machine”, is a perfect example. “Browse against the machine” is a renewed posture for Firefox, and in many ways a return to our roots. It attempts to raise important questions — should we only have Chrome? Should we really give it all our precious online minutes? Do Google motives matter? one display ad from the new Firefox campaign These are the 5 ideas we hope to communicate that make Firefox standout versus Chrome: Firefox is leaner — its takes up less memory on your computer than Chrome, so you can run Firefox and do other tasks simultaneously. Meanwhile, Chrome seems to be getting slower and uses more of your computer’s memory. http://www.erahm.org/2017/05/15/firefox-memory-usage-with-multiple-content-processes/ Firefox is independent. We just have a different reason for being than Chrome. Our goal is to help you access the entire Internet, not keep you inside our own ecosystem. Firefox gives you the most control over your data and privacy. See private browsing with tracking protection — which Chrome doesn’t have, or our new Focus browser on mobile. Firefox is not built by and for the largest advertising company in the world. So, there’s that. Firefox is built by non-profit Mozilla, whose mission is to preserve a healthy web in part by keeping corporate power in check. If you haven’t checked out what Mozilla is up to lately, it’s worth a look. Some folks might interpret “browse against the machine” as a desperate cry, but it isn’t. Firefox grew in users last year and Mozilla is financially healthier now than it has ever been. Yeah, we’re trying to be provocative to get our word out, with budgets a tiny fraction of our competitors. But we’re frankly more confident in the product than we have ever been in the short time I’ve been here, and its starting to show in how we talk to the outside world. Others will say that by challenging Google we’re biting the hand that feeds us. While we do earn revenue from Google, we are financially healthier and more diversified than ever before. Mozilla has always put its independence ahead of maximizing profit. It is an imperfect world with Google’s search engine dominance, but we still remain the only independent alternative on the web today. And if we can’t act fully independent, what are we actually doing here? For me, the sacrifices I used to make choosing Firefox over Chrome are finally fading. My Chrome minutes are going down, and Firefox is taking it back. And not just mine — my Google-bus riding friends are rooting for Firefox again. Product performance is finally back up to snuff with much more to come, and that alone should make Firefox a strong alternative for many of us. Tastes great, and less filling. So next time you need to fire up a browser, reopen Firefox. Browse against the machine. Correction: In my original post I made a personal dig about Edge, IE and Safari: “Edge is broken. Safari and Internet Explorer are just plain bad.” I’ve since deleted that sentence. It’s true, I personally don’t like those products, they just don’t work for me. But that was probably a bit too flip. And, if it wasn’t obvious that those were my personal opinions as a user, not those of the good folks at Firefox and Mozilla, then please accept my apology. Thanks to Winston Bowden, Don Marti, and Nick Chapman. Browsers Chrome Firefox Internet Marketing 250 49 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Eric Petitt Marketing, growing products for good, cooking without recipes. Thanks Firefox @Mozilla Follow The Official Unofficial Firefox Blog Words and other things from the team at Firefox. Mostly official. Share 250 Never miss a story from The Official Unofficial Firefox Blog, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from The Official Unofficial Firefox Blog Get updatesGet updates
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Explicitly Bans Ad Blockers From The Play Store, Except All Those Ad-Blocking Web Browsers, Apparently David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2016/03/01 3:46pm PDTMar 1, 2016 106 Plus 1 on G+ 31 Share on Facebook 1 Share on Twitter Total Shares138 Applications Development News Google has a brand-new website for content policy on the Play Store that it unveiled today, and that's nice, but nestled away in that news was a far more interesting story regarding ad blockers. Google has long enforced a de facto ban on ad blockers on the Play Store, citing section 4.4 of the Google Play Developer Distribution Agreement, going all the way back to 2013. This involved a rather convoluted interpretation of a vague policy forbidding apps from interfering with third-party apps or services, but it's the official justification Google has used to date. Now, a new update to the Play Store Developer Policy Center (formerly Google Play Developer Program Policies) makes it clear via an example interpretation of said policy: no ad blockers. "We don’t allow apps that interfere with... other... services, including but not limited to other apps on the device, any Google service, or an authorized carrier’s network... Here are some examples of common violations: Apps that block or interfere with another app displaying ads." [emphasis ours] To be clear, this does not mark a change in policy as far as we know. It is merely the first time Google has directly acknowledged in its content policy document for the Play Store that ad blockers violate Play Store policy. Previously, if you were an ad blocker you'd just get an email pointing to section 4.4 of the old distribution agreement and pretty much nothing else. The implication was clear, but that Google never came out and said directly "ad blockers are against Play Store policy" led some to believe that maybe the policy was being misinterpreted or, perhaps, was still subject to change. Today's update to the Developer Policy Center seems to finally make clear that Google is taking a stand on ad blockers. Well, except the most popular kind: in-browser ad blockers. Yep, Google still allows browsers with ad blocking, and even plugins for browsers that add ad blocking, on the Play Store. Brave Browser, Firefox (via plugin), Adblock Browser, and Adblock Fast for the Samsung TouchWiz browsers are all still on the Play Store right now, and have been for quite some time. So, Google doesn't allow ad blockers, but apps that block ads inside themselves - like a browser - seem to be OK? The wording of Google's example in the new policy about blocking ads would seem to provide support to that position. "Apps that block or interfere with another app displaying ads." Why not just say "apps that block or interfere with the display of ads?" And I think therein lies Google's dirty little secret: ad blocking is OK... as long as it only occurs inside your own app. Google knows that ad-blocking browsers are popular enough that not having them on Android could hurt the platform. Indeed, iOS 9 received scores of headlines when news that Apple was supporting Safari ad blockers broke, and that put Google, a company funded almost exclusively by web ads, in a very awkward spot. If Google took a hard stance and banned any browser that blocked ads on the Play Store, not only would they be providing Apple ample marketing ammunition, they'd also be fighting a largely futile battle. With sideloading apps being so easy on Android, pushing users who desire a very understandable feature - ad-free web browsing - to non-Play Store channels to get such an app has very visible downsides. What if it sends more people to the Amazon Appstore? What if it results in increased malware installs on Android? Better to have people getting their ad-blocking browsers from the Play Store than elsewhere. System-wide ad blockers, by contrast, generally require control over things like setting connection proxies, and Google effectively killed Android's most popular ad blocker via a security fix that disabled automatic proxy configuration way back in Jelly Bean 4.2. And Apple, of course, doesn't allow system-wide ad blocking, either, so there's no iOS peer pressure there. The new policy site also features a number of other updates, most of them oriented around developers not being jerks to the users of their apps. Specifically, the following policies are new or updated. Ads associated with your app must not interfere with other apps, ads, or the operation of the device, including system or device buttons and ports. This includes overlays, companion functionality, or widgetized ad units. Ads must only be displayed within the app serving them. Specifically disallowed: Ads that display outside of the app serving them, Ads that are triggered by the home button or other features explicitly designed for exiting the app. The ads shown within your app must be appropriate for the intended audience of your app, even if the content by itself is otherwise compliant with our policies. [Explainer: no mature ads in an app rated OK for kids.] Apps that collect your phone book or contact data must provide a privacy policy. All in all, positive changes. And a continued awkward and unstated gray area of permitted existence for ad blocking browsers. Source: Play Store Tags ad blockers ad blocking adblock apps developer content policy developer distribution agreement play store developer policy center play store developer policy center subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] The $80 200GB SanDisk MicroSD Card Is Back On Amazon, Along With Other Sizes ... Next Story LEGO Goes Back To Its Action-Adventure Stomping Grounds With Batman: DC Super Heroes Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments wjrandon AdGuard for the win! Not available on the Playstore but it squashed ads system wide on my Android devices. So nice, I installed the chrome extension on my PC and Macs. tim242 Adgard is quite lovely, and no root required! Vladimir Where can I get this app? Can't find a concrete website for it! wjrandon If you search Google it's the first result. Nathan J Do you use Chrome on the desktop? Highlight the word (even the misspelled one), right click, Search Google for [highlighted text]. Great feature, easily and often overlooked. I think you can do a similar thing on mobile. Vladimir I was searching for "adgard". Duh. ProductFRED I mean this is pretty much always been the case. I've rooted every Android phone I've owned and although I love using Adaway, I'd never expect it to be on the Play Store. Before people jump down my throat about "stealing from developers", I'd like to kindly ask that they stop implementing intrusive ads (Interstitial ads; ads that take up the entire screen and have a tiny x in the corner) with no option to pay to remove them. Albert Kilger I always pay for the app that I like. But, like you, I run adaway. It doesn't really get much better than that. Thankfully we still can root to do that. Otherwise our garden isn't so open. tim242 Adgard works great, no root required. ProductFRED Adguard is proxy based (so battery drain) vs Adaway's host blocking. But as you sad the benefit is no root necessary. tim242 Adgard filters through your device, via local VPN. There is no battery drain. Basically Chrome battery usage goes down to almost nothing, and its battery usage is seen on adgard, since it is filtering. Chrome used to use 20-25% of my battery. Now it never gets over 5%, while adgard shows about 15%. So there is no more battery drain, and most times a little less. ASYOUTHIA Same, I haven't noticed any difference with adguard George Byers 15% > No Battery Drain??? tim242 The Chrome battery usage transfers to Adguard. I thought I made that pretty clear. William i rooted every device until my GS6, because i could do it without losing the warranty,but with KNOX, it's impossible to do that, i used Adaway on the rooted phones,but now i'm using Adguard :) YaKillaCJ Screw the warranty. If something goes wrong, U "lost" it. Same price. Oops did I say that out loud haha. Don't listen to me tho, I'm a bad influence. Besides I but my phones flat out, no service provider warranty. But an oem warranty that's good threw root Jumbeau KNOX isn't just about warranty, that's the problem. YaKillaCJ I hear ya. But knox only plus is for business use or byod for work use. For me tho, I trip it with no hesitation because root far outweighs stock. I ain't worried about the warranty because the tech wont see that device again reguardless. That's just my personal opinion, usecase tho ASYOUTHIA I've been using adguard, I can say that I haven't noticed a difference in battery life on my V10, I used to use Adaway but root isn't available ...yet Fatal1ty_93_RUS Funny, it's draining more battery but doesn't slow the system down as much. At least on desktop KG Adguard was draining my N6P battery to the point I had to stop using it. ~20% by the end of day. But it did work great in blocking ads tim242 It was not draining your battery. Chrome batter usage was showing mostly for adguard. That happens because Adguard is processing your browser traffic. My Chrome battery usage used to be over 20%, but using Adguard brought Chrome down to 5% range. Ankit Gupta Thanks for that! Trying it out now, seems good so far. Lexster Yeah, I honestly think every app that has a free version should also have an ad free version available for a few dollars. I'm very willing to support developers, but I hate ads that interrupt gameplay or interaction with the app. It certainly doesn't make me want to purchase whatever the ad is trying to sell. Larry Simpson I do the same thing with all of my phones Artem Russakovskii Indeed. That's why it says: To be clear, this does not mark a change in policy as far as we know. It is merely the first time Google has directly acknowledged in its content policy document for the Play Store that ad blockers violate Play Store policy. EarlyMon Ummm... What?! http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/03/13/breaking-google-has-begun-purging-ad-blocking-apps-from-the-play-store/ Not the first time acknowledging this at all compadre. Artem Russakovskii I'm not sure you've read the story. Section 4.4 is mentioned twice in there, including the post you're linking to. EarlyMon I read the story very carefully. TFA says, "Previously, if you were an ad blocker you'd just get an email pointing to section 4.4 of the old distribution agreement and pretty much nothing else." However the AP report said two years ago, "According to Android developer Jared Rummler and a number of other sources, Google has begun purging known ad-blocking software from the Play Store today." That's certainly not an email pointing to the policy and pretty much nothing else. MelanieWDavis "my .friend's mate Is getting 98$. HOURLY. on the internet.".... two days ago new McLaren. F1 bought after earning 18,512$,,,this was my previous month's paycheck ,and-a little over, 17k$ Last month ..3-5 h/r of work a days ..with extra open doors & weekly. paychecks.. it's realy the easiest work I have ever Do.. I Joined This 7 months ago and now making over 87$, p/h.Learn. More right Hereoo!311➤➤➤➤➤ http://GlobalSuperEmploymentVacanciesReportsDay//GetPaid/98$hourly.... .❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:❦A1:::::oo!311....... MJ Reading comprehension is not a core skill of yours is it? EarlyMon See my polite rebuttal to Artum. Have a cookie for being so clever that you didn't notice that you're the one with the problem you describe. I accept your apology. MJ Your rebuttal has only confirmed you haven't comprehended this article or Artem's original comment. LOL EarlyMon First we have a guy claiming that Adaway was never on the Play Store when it very certainly was, Artum agreeing with him and the premise is that no drastic action was taken before as Jellybean sewed up proxy settings. Adaway is a hosts file name resolver, nothing to do with a proxy, was available from the Play Store and purged with everything like it two years ago - a drastic action. It's official - you're an idiot. :D MJ So you are now going to ignore the issue I was referring to and are instead talking about something I haven't commented about? OK... I guess you are just going to continue to refuse to read this post and Artem's first comment. You do know it's makes you look like a real loser when start with the name calling especially when you wouldn't ever call me an idiot to my face right? EarlyMon I'd call you one to your face laughing like a bud and wouldn't mind the same in return, afterwards and during we'd have a beer and laugh about it, no big deal. :D As far as your original comment and Artum's is concerned - you need to get off your high horse that I can't read well and that I've changed the subject when I never did. Artum said that they didn't take drastic action before - quoted for your reading convenience - and that's simply not true. He agreed with a guy who spouted a false claim. I responded to both because they're matters of fact that are easily checked. Thanks for the reading comprehension advice, try taking it yourself. You're clearly not following the discussion. Bonus points for crying about the friendly idiot thing after jumping me for reading comprehension (the Internet equivalent of calling someone an idiot in a condescending way and you know that as does everyone). Bravo - I've made you some more cookies! :D EarlyMon Nope. Once upon a time you could get root adblockers that build /etc/hosts just like Adaway in the Android Market. MJ Adaway is totally not necessary in my opinion... I wouldn't ever install an app that servers ads to me that I can't pay to remove. Problem solved! JeanClaude But would you be willing to pay as much as the ads pays the dev? EowynCarter If you think there is too much ads, just uninstall the app. Roh_Mish Websites do everything in its power to block such kinds of ad. Unfortunately, Google and other ad providers still sometimes deliver such ads and it's not possible to block it. Nathan J You kind of have to expect, that with Google being an advertising company, they're not going to let you block ads on their mobile OS that they're giving OEMs for free. That would be awfully generous of them to do so. Though it is kind of trashy to have ads on a 5" screen. I use a system-wide ad blocker (AdAway) but I buy ad removers/Pro versions. I support developers. But I've had ads attempt to deliver ransomware, and though I was skilled enough to evade the attack, I'd just as soon prevent it from happening in the future. Marty Umm...Google isn't giving Android away free out of generosity. Google can't sell Android because Google doesn't own all the code in Android. Apple, Microsoft and Oracle own some of the code in Android. If Google were to ever try to make a profit on Android by selling it like Microsoft does with Windows, Apple, Microsoft and Oracle would have them in court quickly. Lateef Alabi-Oki wat? Google absolutely owns all the code in Android. The reason Android is "free" is because of its license. Please show me the code Apple, Microsoft and Oracle contributed to Android. And by Android, I mean AOSP. https://source.android.com/ Marty Nope. Not true. In fact, Microsoft levies a royalty on every Android device sold. The royalty was 5 dollars. Not sure if it went up or not. But it's well known Microsoft makes more money on Android than Google does. And Apple under Steve Jobs wanted to destroy Android rather than license it's use to Google. I think Google and Apple have since come to some kind of agreement. But it's been well known since the beginning that Google doesn't own all of Android. Lateef Alabi-Oki Microsoft being a patent troll doesn't mean they contributed anything to Android. Marty None of these companies deliberately contributed anything to Android. But their code was found in Android. Oracle decided to take Google to court over some aspects of Android code. Don't remember who won. But the only part of Android that Google fully owns are their own proprietary apps like the Play Store, Maps, Gmail and such. And Google used to charge a licensing fee to OEMs for these proprietary apps. I've read that they have done away with that fee. Lateef Alabi-Oki The point I'm making is that Google OWNS Android. Not Apple. Not Microsoft. Not Oracle. Microsoft's patent dispute with Android OEMs is most likely the result of Linux being able to read and write FAT/NTFS storage partitions. Linux developers reverse engineered the process almost a decade ago and Microsoft is claiming intellectual property infrigement. Miscrosoft tried to use SCO to go agains the Linux community years ago and failed miserably in the court of law. Microsoft patent trolling is nothing new. It's their modus operandi. They know Google won't stand for their shenanigan. That's why they've never sued Google directly and instead have gone after Android OEMs, who are intimidated by MS. Oracle is claiming copyright infrigement of Google's use of Java in Android. Most programmers, like myself, think Oracle is just batshit crazy because making APIs copyrightable is almost as retarded as making arithmetic operations like addition, subtraction, division and multiplication copyrightable. But it's not surprising Oracle would stoop this low because among the IT community there's a consensus that Oracle is a shitty organization. As for Apple, Steve Jobs was just butthurt over the fact that Android was inevitably going to become the most dominant and influencial operating system on the planet, and there was nothing he could do to stop it. He thought Android was going to be a fatal threat to the iPhone and his company, hence is desperate thermo nuclear threat. It turns out his fears was all for naught. None of these means that Oracle, Apple or Microsoft own Android. None of these has anything to do with the fact that Android is free. Android is free because Google made a smart and strategic move to license it under an open source license. Marty Look up the royalty fee that MS get from Google on every Android device sold. And Apple does have code in Android. Lateef Alabi-Oki Google does not pay MS a royalty fee. Some Android OEMs do, but not Google. The Android source code is completely open, please point me to Apple's code in it. Marty I'll have to refer you to Apple for that information. I'm not a dev or in the industry. I just remember reading all this in the distant past. The fact that MS gets a royalty fee confirms they own part of Android. Stoffers Ah, you read an article on the interwebs, it must be true, you must be correct. You think you read it You read it It's true. That's not how it works. Stoffers The patent system is broken, that does not mean Microsoft, Apple, or Oracle own even a slight bit of Android. Jumbeau You mix a lot of things. There's no code from outside companies, they just patented some stuff here and there the way how to use a "mobile tech". If there would be some of their code, their wouldn't be oem arrangements, there would be legal actions against android and Google. As for Oracle, it's a whole different story about some Java mobile API being open source in Google's opinion but not in Oracle's. Nathan J Okay, this is all irrelevant to my original post, but this is flat-out wrong: "And Apple under Steve Jobs wanted to destroy Android rather than license it's use to Google. I think Google and Apple have since come to some kind of agreement." No. Android never belonged to Apple. It was never Steve Jobs's to license to Apple. In no uncertain terms, das ist kuhsheiße. Steve Jobs said Android was a stolen product because of multi-touch. Apple did not invent the touch screen, and I don't think they invented multi-touch, but they marketed the hell out of it and at least attempted to patent it. They released the iPhone six months before Android came out in a production phone, though it existed longer. Jobs felt that Android stole the idea from him. I don't think he was wholly wrong for feeling that way, but I'm glad he did not succeed in hindering Android, as it's my platform of choice. I do wish he followed through with his promises and released an iPhone running OS X (because you shouldn't have to get all new, phone specific apps, as he said) and with no face buttons. The iPhone he initially announced was a flat out lie that, nine years later, has yet to surface. Marty I didn't say Apple owned all of Android. I said Apple owned some code found in Android. That's what the big news was a long time ago. It was widely reported that Apple had code in Android. If that isn't true, fine. But Google does not own Android fully. Some of its code is from MS and others. Nathan J You said Steve Jobs didn't want to license Android to Google. That's complete BS. You misread something. The Microsoft thing is Microsoft's patent on FAT (File Allocation Table), a file system. Any phone that supports it must pay Microsoft. Google gets away with not paying Microsoft by using a different internal format and not including an SD card slot. Every phone with an SD card slot owes Microsoft a couple bucks (maybe five, I don't recall). Nexus phones are sold on razor thin margins, so rather than adding $5-10 to the price, they just skip the feature. Apple never owned any part of Android. Apple claimed Google copied features. There's (most likely, I cannot say for sure) no Apple code in Android. I mean, there might be QuickTime support, but that's something Apple would license. No part of iOS exists in Android, in any case. If you want to know where both came from, iOS and the iPhone evolved from the iPod. The idea was to stick a phone in an iPod so consumers wouldn't have to carry both, they could just carry one device. Android phones evolved from ultra-mobile PCs. Largely unavailable in America, but one was featured in 24. Chloe's boyfriend used one. It was about the size of your average paperback, had a slide-out keyboard, full size USB ports, and it ran Windows XP. Android phones are just smaller versions of that running touch screen Linux (sort of). The ideas ultimately converged in the design we now know. Stoffers If it was widely reported how is it that you can't find it? Marty Because I haven't bothered to look for it. And I just don't care. :P Stoffers Yet you post many comments about the issue? Sounds like "I just don't care" Marty I don't care to comb through the web to find information from way back then. It isn't as difficult recalling my own memory. But if someone wants to refute me, which has happened, I just don't care. It's absolutely not that important to me. Drew M You're confusing software patents with actual source code written in C and C++. It's not the same thing. Furthermore, if Microsoft and Apple contributed code to Android, they wouldn't retain "ownership" of it because Android is licensed and distributed under the Apache license, making it a derivative work. Nathan J They're making a profit by advertising, and if you block ads, you're depriving them of that. That's my point. Not touching the rest of your post, partly because I have no opinion and partly because it's not relevant. Marty Anyone else notice how precise you have to be when selecting Gmail "Promotions" emails for deletion? More times than not when trying to select one it opens. I figure this is something Google does deliberately and it's freaking annoying. Chrome Android browser has something similar. When trying to scroll a website, sometime the display will open an ad like it detected a deliberate tap. Another super annoying thing about the Android environment. Jeffrey Tarman I don't see that crap when using Inbox. Marty I tried Inbox. Didn't like it and it isn't yet multi-account. Jeffrey Tarman I check both Gmail & yahoo with it Marty You must have a special one. I just installed Inbox from the Play Store and tried to add an account...in this case, a Hotmail account...and it doesn't allow me to add anything but a Google account. Jeffrey Tarman No, I added my yahoo account via Gmail to take advantage of gmailify features & my yahoo emails show up. I can also send from yahoo via Inbox. Inbox also doesn’t show the stupid ads that Gmail does. https://www.flickr.com/gp/tarbaby/p5F3S6 Marty It must just be Yahoo then that is allowed to show in Gmail because I have a POP3/IMAP and Hotmail account added in Gmail and they don't show up in Inbox. Jeffrey Tarman Yeah, I was having issues with my outlook.com account. It was one or the other but not both. vcb If Apple allows system-wide content blockers, I'll buy an iPhone in a heartbeat. tim242 You can get that on Android, no root required. Adgard. Paul_Werner True but they want you to pay a subscription fee if you want it system-wide. That and there are still a few ads that crop up in other apps using Adguard. I just tested and the ad at the bottom of MapMyFitness showed up even though the one in the hamburger menu on the left was hidden tim242 Adgard premium offers a mobile lifetime license for $25. Well worth it. I'm not rooted, and using the VPN device filtering. Not a single ad gets through. Marty Single device or multi? tim242 It says one, or more. Not sure on the specifics. It's free for browser ad blocking. It only costs if you want to block in other apps. Marty I probably would only use ad blocking in a browser. I have zero problems paying app devs for any ad-free experience that I like. To block ads in free apps that have paid ad-free versions feels like ripping them off. tim242 Same here. I only use it for the browser. It makes browsing so much better. I only use apps with no ads, whether free or paid. I always buy ad free versions when available Paul_Werner Well during the trial it seemed to let that one get thru. I wonder if it was an ad tied to the company that owns MapMyFitness however and that's how it happened Marty Yup. Side loading. You can't do that in iOS...non jail broken. Ignacio Zippy I don't care that much about ad blocking but it's enough reason to switch. Apple is supposed to be the “evil” one… Ronan Agree. I feel Android OS is becoming more and more restricted. Android is not much different than iOS nowadays, much of Android advantage & 'freedom' had been stripped since 4.3. I'm seriously thinking about switching to iOS in near future. Don't worry though, I'll still visiting Android Police every week ;) Singh Khalsa What are you talking about? Android is getting more and more restricted?! Are you out of your mind?! In Android 6.0, we got the ability to allow and disallow induvidual app permisions. HotelQuebec Stop taking drugs. iOS is a lot more restrictive and suffers from feature fragmentation. For example, ad blocking isn't supported on 32-bit iOS devices when there's no technical reason it shouldn't work since Adguard for Android works fine on 32-bit Android devices. MJ Why? Personally, I won't ever install an app that servers ads to me that I can't pay to remove. Problem solved... mark Keyword being "if". It's like the bogeyman. "I'm going to get a windows phone, that'll show'em!" At least here such apps can be distributed and installed via other sites, good luck doing that for ios. charlie Jason Very unlikely. andy_o This is kind of old, but just to let you know that there is actually: AdBlock by FutureMind https://appsto.re/us/R2AmP.i I don't know why this isn't more well known. There is that, and there is also Weblock, also by the same developers. The difference is that Weblock is only a proxy, so only works over WiFi, though if you have an OpenVPN account, you can append a code Weblock generates to the OpenVPN profile to block ads via your VPN. AdBlock is much simpler to use though. Basically works just like Adguard on Android, but it's actually on the App Store, ironically regarding this Apple seems to be more open than Google. I've been using Weblock for more than a year now on my iPad mini, and AdBlock for a couple of weeks on the iPad Pro, both work just fine. There is something about the Google App on iOS though, where these don't work for webpages opened within the app. I think Google may be using its data saver proxy without telling us. They do work for Chrome though, and Firefox. EarlyMon So what about firewalls? registration_stinks I pay for the packets to come to my devices. What I choose to display once they arrive is my business. The intrusive arrogance of these mercenaries makes me long for the days of text based websites. For those sites that go so far as to "deny" views to people running ad blockers, there is always Firebug. Francois The ads aren't so much the problem as opposed to websites that use them in a way to make your browsing experience frustrating if not ruining it. Same for websites and writers that use "shit*y /false titles" as click bait so we might go on their ad infested website .... ie "Android X release date and Nexus Z retail price" while we don't know for sure the release date of android but if we look at the past couple of years you can expect it between now and then and the device should go between such and such... And keep serving the same article for 3 months only changing the title every week ! Now how about those ads that when you thing the site has finished loading finally and you proceed to click on the link you want but oops the page repositions itself all of a sudden and you get redirected to the same freaking yellow pages website you don't give a rat's ass about for the 100th time this month... They are the reason adblockers are so popular. By being greedy they shoot themselves in the foot blindexecutioner My wife has a note 5 and can't use adblock fast. Does any Samsung phone have the necessary browser and how do you get it? The app simply says there should be an update pushed to the device but I've never heard of an ota from a manufacturer just updating a browser. godutch For Internet 4.0 was part of the marshmallow update, Samsung might also release it in their store or the play store too George Byers Firefox for android & ublock origin blindexecutioner I use adaway but still pay for apps I use if they have a pay option. I know I'm probably in the minority though. I also disable my adblocker on YouTube to help out the content providers since Google's ads aren't so bad. Most websites serve up very obnoxious ads though so I have to keep the blocker enabled most of the time. Patrick Smithopolis It makes sense to me. If a browser has ad blocking built in then that's the way the developer wants the browser to be used. On the other hand, ad blocking apps interfere with the intended use of other apps. Tomfoolery It's a matter of time before ad blockers will be banned from Chrome Desktop... At which point many users will defect to Firefox. Gregory There's no way one can ban something on a desktop OS. dude Well they do within their browser, there used to be extensions to download youtube videos but they removed it for Chrome. Gregory Well, they obviously can remove anything from their web store, but in no way they can prevent users from installing those extensions from other sources. Alex I thought they'd already done that? I had some sideloaded extensions that broke a while back because Chrome blocked extensions that aren't from the store. Maybe there's a developer mode that allows it, I haven't looked. The extensions were removed for download from their sites and added to the chrome store. Fatal1ty_93_RUS Except they don't allow sideloading extensions anymore since last year Slowpoke I still can sideload extensions if I activate the "Developer mode" (idk the actual name in English). https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d6e3179323ad5abc3b7d15edd332442d36779055c340c67c89543e23dcaf4956.png Fatal1ty_93_RUS Well what about this then? http://www.windowscentral.com/google-blocks-sideloading-chrome-extensions Slowpoke It might only be in Google Chrome and not in Chromium (which I use). YaKillaCJ In no time. Adblock Plus and The Great Suspender are required. Get rid of either and Firefox here I come. Tomfoolery Try uBlock Origin instead of Adblock Plus, it's a lot lighter. Also, the dev for Adblock Plus is a little shady, to say the least. OrionBeast Ad company ... Blocking ad lockers. Ok google how do I throw away my phone? dude I like Ghostery browser, it's block trackers but consequently ads as well. And its easy to whitelist sites. luqman_98 AdAway ftw! cvm I use a custom host on my phone. So i never installd an adblocker on my phone. D.Smithee To me, Google Chrome for Android is completely useless without extensibility. And that's why I use Firefox. Kwetsima Maluleke I use Ad Block Fast and download Crystal just in case Google decides to remove them from the store because it's obvious Google doesn't want us with Samsung's to have nice things. George Byers Firefox is always there :) Edward Palomares Jr Going on ign.com wait 3 seconds for a ad to appear then wait a mother 3 seconds for it to go away .same with vgchartz.com and other websites it's ruining my experience YaKillaCJ AdAway is the way to go. Nearly all my Apps are legally purchased. Still some don't have the option. Plus some websites have very irritating Adds. Dare I point out I never noticed how irritating Android Police bugged me and reminded me to run AdAway after I updated. Don't get me wrong, I give back here too via the great deals y'all post. I block others like YouTube and Pandora with no remorse because they subscription price too high in my eyes for Apps I use one every two weeks. I have a device with limited screen real estate, battery, high speed data, storage, ram. Forced Ads I will not except. I gladly purchase worthy apps and support developers (right after I pirate to give it a full test lol). George My next phone is going to be an iPhone, and this adds to the list of reasons (plus list of features iOS has and Android lacks... Which is becoming huge recently). jineshpatel30 huh ? https://media.giphy.com/media/vCHKWBlygEAtG/giphy.gif Charlie Seems pretty simple, make a browser that supports ad-blocking. That's fine. Don't make an app that blocks ads in other apps, because you're kind of stealing the bread and butter of that app. I do think that means they should ban ad-blocking browser plugins too though. Unless the plugin is somehow officially supported or endorsed by the app. But if you were to take the rule very strictly, that would also mean that those apps that downgrade pictures and videos to save data, and do it system wide (via a VPN, or rerouting of all the data that is sent and received on the phone) would also have to be banned. But what the consequences are of the app might also play a role. That doesn't really hurt another app that much, ad blocking does. mark I think the distinction makes some sense though. In one case, an app decides how to display content it's downloaded. In another case, an app is interfering with behaviour of other apps. It's a shame this affects ad blocking, but the latter is something that has security and stability implications, which doesn't apply to modifications made to a website. I'm not saying I agree with it, but I don't think comparing to web blocking makes sense. Sid Sun Just Root your phone and Install Xposed if 6.0.x there is an unofficial version on XDA install it and install the ad blocker module and that's it! RainMotorsports You guys are wrong. It's not a gray area. It's not even about ads. Google used specific wording because that was their pure intent. While they do have their own ad services to worry about, it is also a separate issue. When you run a platform that depends on 3rd party developers you have to make them happy even if it means pissing off users. Ad blocking browsers affect none of these developers in the market itself. However ad blocking their apps affects them as well as any apps that remove limitations. It's very clear in how console manufacturers have handled similar situations. YouNex I am seeing websites using ads telling me "you are using an ad blocker" since Chrome 48/49 I don't use an ad blocker. Bone stock. What. The. F***. Google ? I can't even disable it because it IS NOT SUPPOSED to be here in the first place. Moose05 Fuck you Google! You haven't made a dime off me in years and will never do so. I'll continue to block every single ad in existence on MY devices. George Byers You make yourself sound like an entitled twat Moose05 Good. Fuck em Koloses There DNS servers with ad blocking Channel 2012 What's the big deal? That's just one less thing that we'll have to get from the ever annoying Android Marketplace. davcly I hate white listing and browser based ad blockers. I use Metiix Blockade...Blocks ads, tracking, and malware at the DNS level across all of your devices. Free http://www.metiix.com/blockade Göker Ezberci You may try comodo ad blockers for andoid listed in http://www.whichadblocker.com Love FforFree Once in a while google did a good job, please ban all ad blockers every where its hurting small publishers big time.. Matt Dillon Is there uBlock origin and Ghostery for Android? I use it for Chome, Fire Fox and Safari. I love both apps. Love FforFree Hope we can ban google itself lol Love FforFree Please also block UC browser and Opera browser permanently such spammy ones Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 117 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 117 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.428s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Technology News 36.5 mn Android users may have been infected by 'Judy' Shares0 Mon, 29 May 2017-07:53pm , PTI A new malware called 'Judy' is now infecting millions of Android smartphones globally close on the heels of 'WannaCry' holding PCs at ransom, says a report. According to security solutions firm Check Point, the malware -- Judy -- uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. The total spread of the malware campaign on Google Play (Google's official app store) may have reached between 8.5 and 36.5 million users, Check Point said on its blog. The auto-clicking adware (Judy) was found on 41 apps developed by a Korean company. However, it wasn't clear which countries have been impacted by the Judy malware. "Some of the apps (that were infected) we discovered resided on Google Play for several years, but all were recently updated. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown," it added. After Check Point notified Google about this threat, the apps were swiftly removed from the Play store, the blog said. Earlier this month, a ransomware called WannaCry wrecked havoc across over 100 countries, hitting systems in countries, including Russia and the UK. The malware infected computers running on older versions of Microsoft operating systems like XP, locking access to files on the computer. While the government maintains that there were few just a few stray incidents in India, various reports by security solutions companies said the Asian country was amongst the worst hit nations by Wannacry. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Technology ISRO's GSAT-19, GSAT-11 satellites to revolutionise communications in region Social Media WATCH| Soon, magical pub to open for Harry Potter fans Science Playing a musical instrument can be good for brain, claims research Science China plans to launch space telescope to understand Milky Way pulsars Science Russian and French astronauts end 196-day mission on ISS, land on Earth Technology Microsoft is paying users to search with Bing over Google Next Article > Bhubaneswar: Alleging discrepancies in CBSE results, students launch protest Next node Bhubaneswar: Alleging discrepancies in CBSE results, students launch protest Related Apple readying Siri-powered home assistant: Report Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping service case Google marks ICC Champions Trophy with its addictive doodle Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Google Judy Google Play Microsoft Russia UK WannaCry SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Cong leader's organisation to adopt 208 farmer families Reaffirm commitment to nurturing a better planet: PM Suicide attack foiled on CRPF camp, four militants killed Philippines' Duterte faces martial law legal challenge Etihad Airways to suspend flights to and from Qatar from Tuesday Sport Rugby-British and Irish Lions team to play Auckland Blues Soccer-Hazard to miss Belgium matches after fracturing ankle Rugby-O'Driscoll incident back in focus at Blues team naming NBA-James struggles to find any positives after another big defeat Dominic Thiem demolishes Zeballos to march into French Open quarters Entertainment 5 reasons why we love the 'Munna Michael' trailer! 'Wonder Woman' soars with $100.5 million, 'Pirates 5' fizzles out at US box office Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Money Developers hopeful of solar tariff at Rs. 1.5 per unit China stocks fall even as IPO pace cools; Hong Kong also eases Goldman, Nomura heeded warnings before Venezuela bond deal FOREX-Dollar edges away from lows hit on downbeat US jobs data, sterling slips South Korea draws up $10 billion extra budget to create jobs Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Mumbai Rains #Champions Trophy #Priyanka Chopra #Mumbai Crime #Baywatch #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election Sports IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news Crime News National MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election TOP STORIES Mumbai: mid-day helps trace missing Mahim youth Mumbai: No prescription required, abortion pills at doorstep ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Navi Mumbai headless torso Devendra Fadnavis BMC Narendra Modi SPORTS IPL News Cricket Football MORE IN SPORTS IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES From Gavaskar to Dravid to Dhoni, Guha spares no one on his way out Caroline Wozniacki gets cosy with NBA beau David Lee in Paris ToPICs IPL News Virat Kohli MS Dhoni Virender Sehwag Manchester United Yuvraj Singh Life & style Horoscope Dr.Love Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Mumbai food: A new eatery brings flavours from Mexico and Caribbean to the city Mumbai Food: Waffles taking centre stage at city's restaurant menus ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Television Hollywood MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema TOP STORIES Katrina reveals her feelings of reuniting with Salman after 5 years Akshay Kumar to be managed by Salman Khan's former celebrity manager ToPICs Karan Johar Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan News National News Now 'Judy' malware infects 36.5 mn Android phones globally By IANS | New Delhi | Posted 29-May-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Representational Pic New Delhi: As the world was still recovering from the "WannaCrypt" ransomware attack, a malware called "Judy" hit over 36.5 million Android-based phones, making its way through Google Play Store. According to cyber security firm Check Point, dozens of malicious apps have been downloaded between 4.5 million to 18.5 million times. Some of the malware-affected apps have been discovered residing on Google Play for several years. "Judy" is one such case of how an open and free mobile operating system (OS) can be exploited by malicious app developers. "The entire ecosystem of free mobile OS is built around generating advertising revenues, and the operating systems grants apps with certain privileges to display these ads," Amit Jaju, Executive Director, Fraud Investigation and Dispute Services, EY India, said in a statement. According to Jaju, they noticed certain Indian apps with a potentially malicious code when displaying ads. "Therefore, users should review all installed apps to have proper security settings and tools in place. One should avoid installing free apps and those from unknown sources," he suggested. After the malware-affected apps were discovered by Check Point, Google removed them from the Play Store. The malicious apps primarily included a series of casual cooking and fashion games under the "Judy" brand, a name borrowed for the malware itself. "Judy" is an auto-clicking adware which was found on 41 apps developed by a Korean company that uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. The nefarious nature of the programmes went unnoticed in large part because its malware payload was downloaded from a non-Google server after the programmes were installed. The code would then use the infected phone to click on Google ads, generating fraudulent revenue for the attacker. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown. Previously, Android-based devices were hit by similar malwares like "FalseGuide" and "Skinner" that also infiltrated through Google Play. Download the new mid-day android app to get updates on all the latest and trending stories on the go https://goo.gl/8Xlcvr Tags: WannaCrypt ransomware attack malware Judy Android-based phones Google Play Store malware-affected apps Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Related Stories No report yet of global cryptocurrency attack in India: CERT-In National News | 18-May-2017 Ransomware: What you need to know about this latest cyber threat International News | 16-May-2017 You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Watch Video: Bollywood celebrities who got secretly married Bollywood News|04-Jun-2017 'Pardes Mein Hai Mera Dil' actor Arjun Bijlani hospitalised Television News|03-Jun-2017 'O Jejus!' These bizarre photos of Rakhi Sawant will make you cringe Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Jiah Khan's death anniversary: 28 celebs who died young Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 When exes Shahid and Kareena were at the same place, same time Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Deepika Padukone looks hot flaunting her toned legs in high heels Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Mumbai: 20-year-old tortured till she miscarried baby girl National News|03-Jun-2017 Katrina reveals her feelings of reuniting with Salman after 5 years Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Rakhi Sawant in trouble again, non-bailable warrant issued in Valmiki case National News|02-Jun-2017 Sanath Jayasuriya's sex tape with ex Maleeka Sirisena leaked! Cricket News|02-Jun-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Next change: Hindustan Columnists News|2 hours Pakistan woman guns down husband for sexually abusing daughter-in-law Crime News|1 hour Mumbai: Cop holds on to thief despite getting punched in the ear Crime News|2 hours Salman Khan: Failure in personal relationships is the loveliest thing ever Bollywood News|2 hours BSEB Result 2017: Bihar Board 12th Result on May 30, check biharboard.ac.in Board Exam Result News|29-May-2017 Babri Masjid demolition case: CBI court grants bail to L K Advani and 5 others National News|30-May-2017 CBSE 10th Result 2017: CBSE Results 2017 on June 3; check cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|02-Jun-2017 Special Air India flight ferries bodies of Uttarakhand bus crash victims to Indo National News|25-May-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
Monday, June, 05, 2017 serach × Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport ICC Champions Trophy Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home World Now 'Judy' malware infects 36.5 million Android phones globally By IANS  |   Published: 29th May 2017 07:33 PM  |   Last Updated: 29th May 2017 07:33 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email An Android-based phone. (File photo: PTI) NEW DELHI: As the world was still recovering from the "WannaCrypt" ransomware attack, a malware called "Judy" hit over 36.5 million Android-based phones, making its way through Google Play Store. According to cyber security firm Check Point, dozens of malicious apps have been downloaded between 4.5 million to 18.5 million times. Some of the malware-affected apps have been discovered residing on Google Play for several years. "Judy" is one such case of how an open and free mobile operating system (OS) can be exploited by malicious app developers.  "The entire ecosystem of free mobile OS is built around generating advertising revenues, and the operating systems grants apps with certain privileges to display these ads," Amit Jaju, Executive Director, Fraud Investigation and Dispute Services, EY India, said in a statement. According to Jaju, they noticed certain Indian apps with a potentially malicious code when displaying ads. "Therefore, users should review all installed apps to have proper security settings and tools in place. One should avoid installing free apps and those from unknown sources," he suggested. After the malware-affected apps were discovered by Check Point, Google removed them from the Play Store. The malicious apps primarily included a series of casual cooking and fashion games under the "Judy" brand, a name borrowed for the malware itself. "Judy" is an auto-clicking adware which was found on 41 apps developed by a Korean company that uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. The nefarious nature of the programmes went unnoticed in large part because its malware payload was downloaded from a non-Google server after the programmes were installed.  The code would then use the infected phone to click on Google ads, generating fraudulent revenue for the attacker. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown. Previously, Android-based devices were hit by similar malwares like "FalseGuide" and "Skinner" that also infiltrated through Google Play. Related Article Worldwide ransomware attacks: What we know Who's to blame for ransomware outbreak? TAGS Judy malware Android O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Gallery Another 'mauka' lost: Pakistan succumbs to dominant India in Champions Trophy India vs Pak: Fans go gaga over the much-awaited match arrow Videos Trump speaks about London attack from Washington Watch: 33 workers fight for life on a sinking barge near Ullal coast  arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Advert Monday, June 5, 2017 20°C [Forecast]   Sign in or Create your Account Sign in Use your timesofmalta.com account to login: Email: Password: Create your Account Need help signing in? Or Sign in with Facebook or Google Times of Malta Homepage Advert Premium articles Popular stories Digital Archive e-Paper Subscribe to Premium Timestalk News National World Social & Personal Education Interview Environment Gozo Pictures Religion Videos Odd News Sport Football Formula 1 Basketball Waterpolo Horse Racing Shooting Rugby Tennis Athletics Business News International Market Analysis Comment Technology Features Consumer Affairs Comment Editorial Opinion Letters Blogs Cartoons Life Health & Fitness Features Fashion & Beauty Homes Motoring Escape Arts & Entertainment Travel Food & Drink Books ARTE Classifieds Property For Sale Property Wanted To Let Vehicles For Sale Situations Vacant For Sale More » Careers Finance and Legal Management IT and Engineering Sales and Marketing Services Digital Archive e-Paper Book Store Sudoku Weather Letters to the editor Monday, May 29, 2017, 15:15 by Philip Leone Ganado National Museum of Archaelogy gets the Google treatment Heritage Malta teams up with search giant to launch online platform Photo: Heritage Malta Heritage buffs can now experience the cultural artefacts in the National Museum of Archaeology from their own homes thanks to an ambitious partnership with Google Arts and Culture. Launched today, the digital platform has been a year in the making and includes 10 complete exhibits and more than 160 individual items, as well as digital tours (similar to Google Street View) of the whole museum, which are also available in Virtual Reality. The museum’s collections are available to view online alongside historical information, while some have been digitised with advanced gigapixel cameras capable of capturing a level of detail beyond that available to the naked eye. Giorgia Albeltino, Google Arts and Culture director of public policy, said at a launch event this morning that the goal of the platform, which includes more than 1,400 museums and archives worldwide, was to democratise access to culture. Apart from serving as a showcase, she said, the platform helped to promote cultural tourism, with more than 30 per cent of people looking up cultural information about potential destinations online prior to their visits. Russell Muscat from Heritage Malta added that the partnership would also benefit conservators and heritage professionals who now had additional tools to study and interpret the museum’s collections. He expressed hope that the partnership could be widened beyond the archaeology museum, encouraging other institutions to come on board. “Giving our cultural treasures this additional exposure will not only help the country from a marketing perspective but help us showcase important cultural artefacts which are often unfortunately neglected,” he said. Culture Minister Owen Bonnici highlighted the importance of ‘future-proofing’ the country’s cultural heritage and said the partnership with Google opened countless possibilities in the sector.  « AD boycotts 'Broadcasting Authority of Zimbabwe' debate Elderly may skip the queue on polling day » Advert See our Comments Policy Comments are submitted under the express understanding and condition that the editor may, and is authorised to, disclose any/all of the above personal information to any person or entity requesting the information for the purposes of legal action on grounds that such person or entity is aggrieved by any comment so submitted. Please allow some time for your comment to be moderated. Comments not loading? We recommend using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox with javascript turned on. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus   Advert Popular Stories Blog: Election 2017 as it happens Labour cruises to 55.2% majority; Muscat... Sorting process starts, voter turnout... Watch: Busuttil makes no mention of his... Watch: Marlene, Godfrey Farrugia carry... Car driver attacks bus following collision Labour supporters celebrate... outside... Election trends: turnout down,... Muscat to be sworn in tomorrow at 11am The Strickland Foundation Advert X Popup Times of Malta Premium This article is part of our premium content. You have exceeded your 10 free articles for this month. A subscription is required to access Times of Malta content from overseas. Register to get 10 free articles per month. Subscribe to gain access to our premium content and services. Your subscription will also enable you to view all of the week's e-paper editions (both Times of Malta and The Sunday Times of Malta), view exclusive content, have full access to our newspaper archive to download editions from 1930 to today, and access the website in full from overseas. All of this will also be available to you from our tablet and mobile apps. Already have an account? Sign in here. Subscribe to continue reading Send us your story | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Comments Policy | Print Ad Rate | Online Ad Rate | Contact us | Report a bug | Copyright © 2017 timesofmalta.com Copyright © Allied Newspapers Ltd., printed on - 05-06-2017 - Printed content is for personal use only, and should not be distributed
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Defence-Security Larsen & Toubro's Q4 consolidated net profit rises 29.5% Man tries to snatch rifle in Kashmir Business Standard Now 'Judy' malware infects 36.5 mn Android phones globally IANS  |  New Delhi  May 29, 2017 Last Updated at 18:40 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVpYkS ALSO READ Mysterious 'Hajime' malware infecting IoT network globally Bird flu kills 5, infects 16 in China 180 mn Indians watching YouTube on mobile phones alone Just 5 attempts can open Android pattern lock India to ship 270 mn mobile phones in 2017 As the world was still recovering from the "WannaCrypt" ransomware attack, a malware called "Judy" hit over 36.5 million Android-based phones, making its way through Google Play Store. According to cyber security firm Check Point, dozens of malicious apps have been downloaded between 4.5 million to 18.5 million times. Some of the malware-affected apps have been discovered residing on Google Play for several years. "Judy" is one such case of how an open and free mobile operating system (OS) can be exploited by malicious app developers. "The entire ecosystem of free mobile OS is built around generating advertising revenues, and the operating systems grants apps with certain privileges to display these ads," Amit Jaju, Executive Director, Fraud Investigation and Dispute Services, EY India, said in a statement. According to Jaju, they noticed certain Indian apps with a potentially malicious code when displaying ads. "Therefore, users should review all installed apps to have proper security settings and tools in place. One should avoid installing free apps and those from unknown sources," he suggested. After the malware-affected apps were discovered by Check Point, Google removed them from the Play Store. The malicious apps primarily included a series of casual cooking and fashion games under the "Judy" brand, a name borrowed for the malware itself. "Judy" is an auto-clicking adware which was found on 41 apps developed by a Korean company that uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. The nefarious nature of the programmes went unnoticed in large part because its malware payload was downloaded from a non-Google server after the programmes were installed. The code would then use the infected phone to click on Google ads, generating fraudulent revenue for the attacker. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown. Previously, Android-based devices were hit by similar malwares like "FalseGuide" and "Skinner" that also infiltrated through Google Play. --IANS qd/na/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Now 'judy' Malware Infects 36.5 Mn Android Phones Globally | News-ians | Defence-security PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Now 'Judy' malware infects 36.5 mn Android phones globally As the world was still recovering from the "WannaCrypt" ransomware attack, a malware called "Judy" hit over 36.5 million Android-based phones, making its way through Google Play Store. As the world was still recovering from the "WannaCrypt" ransomware attack, a malware called "Judy" hit over 36.5 million Android-based phones, making its way through Google Play Store. According to cyber security firm Check Point, dozens of malicious apps have been downloaded between 4.5 million to 18.5 million times. Some of the malware-affected apps have been discovered residing on Google Play for several years. "Judy" is one such case of how an open and free mobile operating system (OS) can be exploited by malicious app developers. "The entire ecosystem of free mobile OS is built around generating advertising revenues, and the operating systems grants apps with certain privileges to display these ads," Amit Jaju, Executive Director, Fraud Investigation and Dispute Services, EY India, said in a statement. According to Jaju, they noticed certain Indian apps with a potentially malicious code when displaying ads. "Therefore, users should review all installed apps to have proper security settings and tools in place. One should avoid installing free apps and those from unknown sources," he suggested. After the malware-affected apps were discovered by Check Point, Google removed them from the Play Store. The malicious apps primarily included a series of casual cooking and fashion games under the "Judy" brand, a name borrowed for the malware itself. "Judy" is an auto-clicking adware which was found on 41 apps developed by a Korean company that uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. The nefarious nature of the programmes went unnoticed in large part because its malware payload was downloaded from a non-Google server after the programmes were installed. The code would then use the infected phone to click on Google ads, generating fraudulent revenue for the attacker. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown. Previously, Android-based devices were hit by similar malwares like "FalseGuide" and "Skinner" that also infiltrated through Google Play. --IANS qd/na/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Now 'Judy' malware infects 36.5 mn Android phones globally As the world was still recovering from the "WannaCrypt" ransomware attack, a malware called "Judy" hit over 36.5 million Android-based phones, making its way through Google Play Store. According to cyber security firm Check Point, dozens of malicious apps have been downloaded between 4.5 million to 18.5 million times. Some of the malware-affected apps have been discovered residing on Google Play for several years. "Judy" is one such case of how an open and free mobile operating system (OS) can be exploited by malicious app developers. "The entire ecosystem of free mobile OS is built around generating advertising revenues, and the operating systems grants apps with certain privileges to display these ads," Amit Jaju, Executive Director, Fraud Investigation and Dispute Services, EY India, said in a statement. According to Jaju, they noticed certain Indian apps with a potentially malicious code when displaying ads. "Therefore, users should review all installed apps to have proper security settings and tools in place. One should avoid installing free apps and those from unknown sources," he suggested. After the malware-affected apps were discovered by Check Point, Google removed them from the Play Store. The malicious apps primarily included a series of casual cooking and fashion games under the "Judy" brand, a name borrowed for the malware itself. "Judy" is an auto-clicking adware which was found on 41 apps developed by a Korean company that uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. The nefarious nature of the programmes went unnoticed in large part because its malware payload was downloaded from a non-Google server after the programmes were installed. The code would then use the infected phone to click on Google ads, generating fraudulent revenue for the attacker. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown. Previously, Android-based devices were hit by similar malwares like "FalseGuide" and "Skinner" that also infiltrated through Google Play. --IANS qd/na/bg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Tablets Time to ditch the desktop? Best productivity apps, accessories, tips and tricks for iPad Pro From Adobe and Google to Microsoft Office, our guide to the best productivity apps for the iPad Pro. By Alistair Charlton Updated May 30, 2017 08:16 BST The iPad Pro, shown here with the optional Smart Cover keyboard case and Apple Pencil stylusReuters While many of us use iPads to watch movies on the plane or read a newspaper on the daily commute, these trivial tasks are really only scratching the surface of what the Apple tablet is capable of. That isn't to say other tablets can't compete, but the iOS App Store now has 1.3 million apps made specifically for the iPad, giving owners a huge and varied selection to pick from. In this feature we're going to look at the hardware and software needed to put the productivity back into your iPad Pro, and highlight some businesses where iPads have become crucial to their success. Hardware You can load an iPad up with as many apps as you like, and while we all know how good multitouch inputs are with our fingers, productivity apps will have you yearning for something more comfortable, more precise, and with more features than your 10 digits. Apple's own Smart Keyboard and Pencil fit the bill here. The former is a screen cover which folds out to hold the iPad like a laptop, and includes a tactile keyboard. The keys are smaller than those of a MacBook and take some time to get used to, but once committed to muscle memory it's a far more practical and comfortable solution to typing on the screen. The Pencil, Apple's answer to a stylus, charges via the iPad's Lightning port and connects through Bluetooth. Although we appreciate that regular users might not see the value in a dedicated stylus for scribbling notes on their tablet, the size and weight makes even the most ham-fisted of drawers feel like they could achieve greatness - and tapping at the screen with it is surprisingly satisfying. Before we get into the apps, let's look at some tips and tricks A man uses the Apple Pencil stylus to sketch on the screen of an iPad ProReuters Multitasking Before we get to the apps themselves, a quick reminder on how multitasking on the iPad is more powerful than on the iPhone. You can switch between open apps with a double-press of the home button, as on the iPhone, but swiping across the screen with four fingers is a neat alternative. If your work requires switching between the same two apps often, this can be a helpful timesaver. For when quickly switching between apps isn't enough, the iPad lets you run two at the same time, right next to each other. This is particularly useful when you need to make notes in a word processing app while reading a report, or reviewing a presentation. Mail markup We know this isn't the most exciting topic in the world, but it's often convenient to annotate your emails. Say you are exchanging plans for a new garden with your landscape gardener; you can attach his suggestion to an email, then draw on it, scribble down notes in the margin, magnify certain sections then send it back, To do this, double-tap in the body of the email, tap Insert Photo of Video, and pick the image you want to send. Once it is attached to the email, tap on the image then hit Markup and you're ready to annotate. Transfer open web pages from Mac or iPhone to iPad Say you're looking at a website on your iPhone, but would rather view it on your larger iPad. Instead of typing the link out or emailing it to yourself, you just have to double-press the home button of your iPad to enter the multitasking screen. A link then appears at the bottom of the screen; tap this and the page which was open on your iPhone will appear on the iPad. Now let's get to the meat of why you're here; apps to make your iPad more productive and more useful when you just want to get work done. Netflix can wait for another day. Microsoft Office and Google Docs/Sheets Word, Powerpoint and Excel for iPad are free for a month, then cost £5.99 a month for the full suiteScreenshot It probably still surprises some people to hear Microsoft Office is available on the iPad, but it is. Word, Excel, Powerpoint and Outlook can all be downloaded from the App Store and used just like their desktop PC relatives. All of the tools you would normally use are here, and the apps work just as you'd expect them to. The apps all fall under the Office 365 umbrella, which means they are free to use for the first 30 days, then cost £5.99 per month or £59.99 per year thereafter; the cost stays the same whether you use one app or all of them. If you only need to view documents (and not create or edit any) then the apps remain free after the 30-day trial expires. A free alternative to Office, just as on the Mac or PC, is Google Docs, Google Sheets and Google Slides. These each have their own app and work in much the same way as Microsoft's Word, Excel and PowerPoint respectively. Their functionality isn't quite as feature-packed, but for basic document, spreadsheet and presentation creation they are hard to beat - and files can be saved in formats understood by Office, if that's what you need. Pair any of these apps with the Smart Cover (or a separate stand and Bluetooth keyboard), and the iPad gets surprisingly close to becoming a computer replacement. Adobe's apps for iPhone and iPad are all free to useScreenshot Adobe Fill & Sign Another potential surprise for some casual iPad users is just how many Adobe apps are available. From Sketch, to Fill & Sign and Photoshop Express, there are a wealth of creativity apps to help you get work done, or just spend less time at the computer. Although these apps require you to log in with an Adobe account, they are free to use. Avoid blotting important forms with your scruffy handwriting by using Adobe Fill & Sign to take a photo of the document, import it, then fill everything out neatly on the iPad. You can then use your finger or the Apple Pencil to add your signature, which can be saved for future use. Then email the form along, or send it over the Wi-Fi network to a wireless printer. On a similar note, Adobe Sign is also a useful signature creation app for iPad. Adobe Photoshop Sketch This is where the Apple Pencil starts to come into its own, and where our artistic skills are quickly found to be lacking. Sketch makes good use of the stylus, offering a range of different brush styles each with customisable sizes to help you get the exact effect you're looking for. As with conventional Photoshop there is a layering system to create almost infinitely-complex image projects. Adobe PS Express While Apple's own Photos app does a decent job of helping you organise, crop, align and touch-up images, Adobe PS Express takes things further. There are dozens of Instagram-style filters to apply to your images, along with a range of adjustment and retouch tools to get the look you want. Instead of bundling all of Photoshop's features into one potentially confusing and cluttered app, you can quickly jump between different PS apps to complete your editing. Two such apps are called Photoshop Mix and Photoshop Fix. Transferring an image from one to another takes just a couple of taps. Scanbot Scanbot lets you scan business cards, as shown above, and automatically picks out useful data like phone numbers, ready to be tappedScreenshot Lastly we have Scanbot, an app which makes it easy to import printed documents onto your iPad. There's a free version, but we recommend stumping up £6.99 for the Pro version, which includes optical character recognition. This means when you take a photo of a printed document, the app grabs the writing and makes it ready for editing, forwarding or copying and pasting into another app. The app is also aware of context, so if you show it a business card phone numbers and email addresses are automatically recognised, ready to be tapped on and used. The app doesn't always pick up everything, and wasn't able to read our handwriting, but as a means of making a printed page digital (and ready for annotation) it's hard to beat. More technology features from IBTimes UK Five flying car concepts that could revolutionise your morning commute Five apps Donald Trump should have on his iPhone besides Twitter Shell Eco-Marathon: How the world's most efficient cars are shaping motoring's future This article was first published on May 29, 2017 Related topics : Apple Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online & Pokemon Go's summer plans Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... 'This is how you offer support?' Twitter slams Trump for pushing travel ban during London attack Trump's first tweet came even before the nature of the London Bridge... Bahrain foreign minister's Twitter account hacked following Qatar news hack controversy The hackers posted a slew of disturbing images and threats against... Toyota is working on a flying car Toyota has invested 42.5 million yen in startup Cartivator Resource... Google Chrome to block all adverts on websites that annoy users with intrusive pop-ups Google's ad blocker will allow ads as long as websites follow... Here's how you can improve performance of Windows 10 PC Check out the top tips to speed up your Windows 10 device. Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more What we want to see from Sony at its E3 2017 press conference. 'Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing': Twitter roasts Ivanka Trump over LGBTQ Pride tweets 'Your words mean nothing to us,' one Twitter user wrote. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Social Google Play Music offers four months of free subscription service: Report Google Play Music offers four months of free subscription service: Report Google Play Music service subscription: The company is offering four months of free service on a trial basis to users, which is equal to 120 days of free access to the service. Users will have sign up for this subscription service, which costs $9.99 per month By: Tech Desk | Published:May 29, 2017 7:10 pm Google Play Music service will offer four months free subscription service to users who join this now. Related News Google will pay upto $200,000 for finding a bug in Android OS Google Chrome to block some ‘annoying’ ads starting next year Donald Trump pulls US out of Paris climate deal: Elon Musk to Tim Cook, top reactions from tech CEOs Google Play Music service is currently offering the first four months free for new subscribers, according to reports. However, it looks like the four month free trial is currently available only to users based in the US. Google Play Music’s subscription service is available in India, but only the first 14 days are being offered as free for users. According to a report on Android Authority, while the subscription costs $9.99 for US users, currently there is promotional code on offer from Google, which is giving four months of subscription free to new users. In India, Google Play Music subscription starts at Rs 89 per month. Google will also let users, who get the four month free subscription scan up to 50,000 songs from their music library and add to the Play Music library. When we tried using the promo code URL in India, it gave an error saying code not recognised. As Android Authority’s post also notes, Google has so far been offering only three months or 90 days free service for users, and points out this could be a limited offer. Google has not officially given a date as to when this offer might end, so for those who want four months of free service, this is a good time to sign up. Google Play Music lets users listen to over 35 million songs on demand, has the option of ad-free radio with unlimited skips. It will also let users create their own playlists, and download music on the app so they can listen to their favourite songs even when they are offline. More Related News Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping service case Nest security camera knows who’s home with Google face tech For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Google A Akinbinu Akinjide May 30, 2017 at 10:28 am Good things Reply A Akinbinu Akinjide May 30, 2017 at 10:27 am Very interesting Reply Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MHT CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check score card now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Egypt, UAE cut ties with Qatar; say it supports 'terrorism' J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy's residence OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Modi and Macron will always have Paris Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested SportsIndia vs Pakistan: Mother of all mismatches SportsWATCH: Wild celebrations after India register big win  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017 keynote: What time is livestream, how to watch and everything else to note Jun 05: Latest News GSLV Mk III, India’s heaviest satellite to be launched today WWE Extreme Rules Results: Samoa Joe becomes no. 1 contender for Brock Lesnar’s WWE Universal Championship CBI raids underway at NDTV co-founder Prannoy Roy’s residence Mexico election: Ruling party has preliminary lead in key state vote Reliance Jio tops chart in 4G download speeds in April again: TRAI report                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Scientists at work Subscribe Technophrenia On the interface between technology, people and society Apple’s new mobile AI chip could create a new level of intelligence May 29, 2017 9.30am EDT David Glance Author David Glance Director of UWA Centre for Software Practice, University of Western Australia Disclosure statement David Glance owns shares in Apple Partners University of Western Australia provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation AU. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Neural networks driving machine learning. Shutterstock Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger Apple is reportedly working on a chip called the Apple Neural Engine, which would be dedicated to carrying out artificial intelligence (AI) processing on its mobile devices. The addition of this type of capability would catalyse the use of AI on mobile devices. Although it is already being used extensively to power digital assistants like Siri and Google Assistant, these technologies rely on computer servers to process data sent to them rather than the processing happening on the mobile device itself. Augmented reality and digital assistants are not the only applications of AI that will become important on mobile devices. Once the capability is made available to all mobile application developers, it will bring new types of capabilities to mobile devices. Health applications, for example, will be able to tell when body readings from sensors on the phone or associated wearable devices are abnormal and need acting on. But the uses are potentially limitless and will bring about a new phase in how we rely on applications and our mobile devices in everyday life. And they will work, even when the device is not connected to the internet. Strictly speaking, a specific processor is not an essential requirement for using AI on a mobile phone. Chip-maker Qualcomm for example has provided a software-based approach, called the Snapdragon Neural Processing Engine, to allow developers using their chips to incorporate AI into their software. An example of this is a car that monitors the driver using a camera and warns when they are using their smartphone or driving erratically. Specific AI hardware however greatly speeds up the process called “machine learning” and allows for more sophisticated types of AI to be used. Google’s AI hardware, called the Tensor Processing Unit, is 15 to 30 times faster than the fastest computer processors (CPUs) and graphic processors (GPUs) that power computers today. These TPUs were what gave Google’s DeepMind its ability to beat the world champions of the Chinese game of Go. These TPUs also have vastly improved Google’s automated language translation software, Google Translate. The inclusion of AI in mobile software is going to massively increase the potential usefulness of that software and through that, how much we come to depend on the mobile phone. Our state of health, for example, is really about how we are doing relative to how we normally feel. Changes in behaviour can signal changes in mental health, including conditions like dementia and Parkinson’s. They can also be precursors of illnesses such as diabetes as well as respiratory and cardiovascular diseases. Our phones could monitor patterns of activity and even how we walk. This ability would be based on the software learning our normal patterns and once having detected a change, decide what to do about it. The phone would be part of a self-directed ecosystem of intelligent and autonomous machines, including cars. Not only is the driving of autonomous cars completely dependent on AI to function, it is likely that people will eventually share the use of these cars when needed, rather than owning one themselves. AI will again be essential for managing how this sharing functions to manage the most efficient distribution of cars, directing which cars need to pick up which clients. To do this, the scheduling AI service will need to liaise with AI software on everyone’s phones to determine where and when they will be at a given location and where they need to get to. AI on a mobile device will also increasingly be used to keep the device protected, checking if applications and communications are secure or likely to be a threat. This technology is already being implemented in smart home appliances, but as software. The addition of special AI chips will allow them to be much faster and to do more. Researchers are also looking at analysing the way we move as a means of uniquely identifying the wearer of a device. AI will essentially be able to fill in and apply the understanding and knowledge that not everyone possesses. Even if they do, remembering to do something, even when it is in your own best interest, is sometimes hard. There is a counter argument to the benefits of increasing the intelligence of mobile devices however. This is the fear that as we come to rely on devices to do things, we will lose the ability to maintain that skill and that this will eventually impact on a person’s overall cognitive ability, or at least on their ability to operate without the AI. The successful outcome of having an AI assisting depends on the user following its advice, and this is something that people may not be that good at doing. Previous post May 18, 2017 Few Australians trust social media with personal information but most do little about it Next post June 4, 2017 How to escape the media’s obsession with Trump and filter him from the web Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter Most popular on The Conversation The rising homegrown terror threat on the right Fidget toys aren’t just hype Why do only some people get ‘skin orgasms’ from listening to music? 7 in 10 smartphone apps share your data with third-party services Why Jefferson’s vision of American Islam matters today Should we put juveniles away for life? Meet the teen who sparked a debate What’s behind the fidget spinner fad? How would engineers build the Golden Gate Bridge today? Are we overreacting to US withdrawal from the Paris Agreement on climate? How do the chemicals in sunscreen protect our skin from damage? Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 51,000 academics and researchers from 2,050 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Now 'Judy' malware infects 36.5 mn Android phones globally Now 'Judy' malware infects 36.5 mn Android phones globally Source : Last Updated: Mon, May 29, 2017 19:00 hrs New Delhi, May 29 (IANS) As the world was still recovering from the "WannaCrypt" ransomware attack, a malware called "Judy" hit over 36.5 million Android-based phones, making its way through Google Play Store. According to cyber security firm Check Point, dozens of malicious apps have been downloaded between 4.5 million to 18.5 million times. Some of the malware-affected apps have been discovered residing on Google Play for several years. "Judy" is one such case of how an open and free mobile operating system (OS) can be exploited by malicious app developers. "The entire ecosystem of free mobile OS is built around generating advertising revenues, and the operating systems grants apps with certain privileges to display these ads," Amit Jaju, Executive Director, Fraud Investigation and Dispute Services, EY India, said in a statement. According to Jaju, they noticed certain Indian apps with a potentially malicious code when displaying ads. "Therefore, users should review all installed apps to have proper security settings and tools in place. One should avoid installing free apps and those from unknown sources," he suggested. After the malware-affected apps were discovered by Check Point, Google removed them from the Play Store. The malicious apps primarily included a series of casual cooking and fashion games under the "Judy" brand, a name borrowed for the malware itself. "Judy" is an auto-clicking adware which was found on 41 apps developed by a Korean company that uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. The nefarious nature of the programmes went unnoticed in large part because its malware payload was downloaded from a non-Google server after the programmes were installed. The code would then use the infected phone to click on Google ads, generating fraudulent revenue for the attacker. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown. Previously, Android-based devices were hit by similar malwares like "FalseGuide" and "Skinner" that also infiltrated through Google Play. --IANS qd/na/bg SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Gaumatradevo bhava! And the award goes to... We love you Manchester: Vigils held across UK after terror attack Terror strikes Ariana Grande concert in Manchester What GST could really mean! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Wordlift is helping robots understand what online articles are really about by Alejandro Tauber — in Artificial Intelligence Credit: Wikimedia 32 shares Every year sees the birth of tens of thousands of new startups. This means it’s getting harder and harder to get some attention as a fledgling company. There simply aren’t enough journalists to give startup the attention they might deserve. TNW started out as a prime source for news about startups over ten years ago, and we’d like to honor those roots by creating more room to feature exciting and interesting new startups. In partnership with our business intelligence service Index, we’re launching Startup Stories, a new series we’re kicking off today. The format consists of four simple questions: What does it do, where did the founders get the idea, what does the business model look like, and finally a ‘random box’ for fun anecdotes, extra info, profanity or whatever a startup would like to share with our audience.  The first company to be featured today is WordLift, a startup that makes online content easily understandable for chatbots, crawlers, and personal digital assistants like Siri or Cortana. Basically WordLift should be able to take this post, and parse it in a way that you can ask Siri ‘What is this new series Startup Stories on The Next Web?’ and Siri can give you an answer. But let Andrea Volpini, CEO of WordLift explain this in a far more eloquent way: What does your startup do? Wouldn’t it be great if you could talk with your favorite websites and blogs just like you do with your car or with Siri? WordLift helps content writers work better, by letting them focus on writing great articles without worrying too much about how search engines work. WordLift uses AI to grow organic traffic by translating articles into machine-friendly content that chatbots, search crawlers and personal digital assistants – like Google Assistant, Siri and Alexa – use to help consumers take actions. The evolution of today’s search engines and the rapid adoption of personal assistants (PAs) – capable of understanding user intent and behaviors through available data – require an upgrade of the existing editorial workflow for bloggers, independent news providers and content marketers. With voice search coming on strong, websites now have to compete directly for business (and struggle to be on top of search results), by bringing targeted information at lower prices. With voice there are not many alternatives: Either you get featured on Google, or you get nothing. In this context, data curation and metadata management become crucial tools to help bloggers and news publishers create the added value required to build a direct relationship with their readers. WordLift targets smart content publishing focusing on automating SEO and bringing immediate economical value by increasing traffic and reducing the time spent on content curation and search marketing. The processing is done in the cloud. WordLift analyzes articles and transforms text into metadata. Data is automatically published as five-stars linked open data and made available to machines. We also measure the performance of the content on Google in terms of search rankings and other factors that might influence organic traffic. This data is presented to the editors to help them improve their editorial plan and increase their reach. Why did you come up with this idea? Quite simply by looking at the structured knowledge available in today’s digital networks and how search engines were starting to take advantage of it. Try yourself asking Google who built the Colosseum and you will get an immediate answer that comes straight from Wikipedia. This information has been encoded in such a way that the Google Assistant can understand it. We’ve built WordLift so that information is extracted from textual content and published in a user’s graph. This allows Google and others PAs to learn faster from blogs and websites. Try it now, and ask Google Assistant “How old is Andrea Volpini?” Large graphs like Freebase, DBpedia and Wikidata represent the majority of the information that computers use to interact with humans. There are also advanced linguistic resources, structured as linked data, that help computers understand human language (lexical databases like BabelNet or WordNet) and this is also an interesting area of development. But there is very little available in terms of tools that smaller bloggers can use to create their own structured knowledge. We thought: Why don’t we create something that bloggers and editorial teams can use to build their own knowledge graphs? Why on Earth should a blogger deal with the bureaucracy and complexity of Wikipedia to share a fact he or she knows, or to add a new expression his or her tribe is using? This is why WordLift was created. We went through several years in the making to create an easy-to-use annotation tool that could help anyone build his or her own knowledge graph and share a personal viewpoint with machines. How do you make money? WordLift is a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS). Bloggers and digital publishers pay a monthly fee starting at €19.99 per month. Assuming you write one post per week, a very cheap SEO consultant would do the same job for at least 10x our monthly subscription. Our clients retain ownership of their data, so they can use WordLift’s APIs to create new services on top of their content, such as chat bots or personalized newsletters. And last but not least, we’re partnering with WooRank to automate and combine first-in-class SEO techniques. Our goal? Let’s writers and bloggers forget about SEO rules, let AI do all the work and still… keep rocking on organic search! The random box: WordLift, much like today’s search engines, works with entities rather than tags and keywords. What is really an entity though? Let’s make a simple experiment: close your eyes and imagine for a moment a…. “cat” 🐈; think of everything that you associate with it. In your mind’s eyes a “cat” is a mix of both generic and personalized features that make it unique. Everything you know about a “cat” is an entity in your own “knowledge graph.” You can map it to whatever language you like, but the concept remains the same and you can share it with others. Computers work the same way; a cat is an entity and can assume all kinds of forms while essentially remaining the same “thing” 😼. All the facts you care about are entities that search engines can index and learn from. Trilly and Diego, for example, are the first two cats that officially entered the web of data thanks to WordLift (and to their beloved “blogger mum” Elisabetta)! As Elisabetta started to build her own personal knowledge graph she created two “feline” entities – to share with the world her love and notion of her two pet friends. Head over to Index if you have a startup and would like to be featured on TNW! Read next: The power of emojis in marketing and how to use them efficiently Insights Share on Facebook (0) Share on Twitter (30) Alejandro Tauber is a reporter from Amsterdam. Happy to hear your thoughts on alejandro@thenextweb.com or @alejandrotauber on Twitter. Alejandro is starting out fresh as editor-in-chief in 2017. I'm open for thoughts, suggestions, leads and gossip. This bio is a developing story and will be updated accordingly. Contact Mail Tweet Location Amsterdam Posts 34 Posts / mo. 6.68   All posts by Alejandro > Here's some more distraction Xbox Game Pass isn't the Netflix of anything Tristan Greene Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Lyft bests Uber (and others) in latest diversity report Rachel Kaser Donuts delivered via drone is the future we all imagined Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended Semantic banks and why you shouldn't be scared of the financial future Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Amazon Web Services users are carelessly leaking tons of sensitive data Mix 2 Free software is suffering because coders don't know how to write documentation Matthew Hughes 3 Understand data science with access to dozens of cool courses - for less than $40 TNW Deals 4 Apple's WWDC 2017: Here's what to expect Bryan Clark 5 Amsterdam and Paris could be connected by Hyperloop by 2021 Matthew Hughes Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Stop trying to ‘be original’ and strive to be prolific instead Chris Smith 2 The Importance Of Stand-Up Desks In Start-Ups Robert Hellson 3 5 mobile collaboration apps top developers can't live without Emma Siemasko 4 7 ways Apple App Store can become better than Google Play Store Abhinav Girdhar 5 Understand data science with access to dozens of cool courses - for less than $40 TNW Deals Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot June 5, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Mobile  >   Optimizing for voice assistants: Why actions speak louder than words Optimizing for voice assistants: Why actions speak louder than words Mobile SEO 29 May 17 | Pete Campbell Facebook0 Linkedin88 Google+31 Twitter 119 “Hey Siri, remind me to invent you in 30 years” In 1987, Apple came up with the idea of a “Knowledge Navigator”. You can see the full video here, but it’s a concept that’s remarkably – and perhaps, not coincidentally – similar to our modern smart device assistants, Siri among them. Its features included a talking screen, reacting to vocal commands to provide information and sort calendars. In theory, we’re there, 30 years later – though the reality doesn’t always quite match up to the dream. Even when it does work, voice hasn’t always been exactly what people were looking for. The thing most adults said they wish their voice search systems could do was find their keys (though teens said they most wished it could send them pizza). Although we’re getting to the stage where that’s possible now, the majority of developments in voice have been voice search – talking to your phone to find out information. Showing search results for “Why can’t you understand me, you stupid phone” But while talking to a device can be a better experience than playing around with a virtual keyboard on a phone or a physical one on a computer, there are two major issues with voice search. The first is that it’s still clunky. Half the time you have to repeat yourself in order to be understood, particularly if the word you’re trying to get across is slang or an abbreviation of some sort, which is to say, the default sort of language you’d think would be fitting for “conversational” search. It doesn’t feel smooth, and it doesn’t feel effortless – and that pretty much removes the point of it. The other is that it simply doesn’t add value. A voice search isn’t achieving anything you couldn’t do by simply typing in the same thing. But recently, we’ve seen developments to the voice control industry, starting with Alexa. At this point, everyone’s familiar with the Echo and its younger sibling, the Echo Dot – it’s been in adverts, our friends have it, maybe we have it ourselves. The Alexa devices were among Amazon’s best-selling products in 2016, especially around Christmas, and the trend doesn’t show significant signs of slowing. But if we’ve had Siri since 2011, why is Alexa picking up so much traction now? The answer is that it’s not voice search. It’s voice commands. Alexa is more exciting and satisfying for users because it provides an action – you speak to it and something happens. You now can order a pizza – or an Uber, or a dollhouse. That’s what people have been wanting from their devices – the ability to control the world around them by talking to it, not just have an alternative to a keyboard. Ultimately, the commands are more personal. You can go on a website and order a pizza, and you can customise it and pay for it and it’ll show up, but talking to Alexa is akin to saying to your friend “Order a pizza?” (Except Alexa won’t stop mid-phone call to ask you what the other topping you wanted was). Where the majority of mobile voice commands are used for search, Alexa’s use cases are dominated by home control – 34% of users have Alexa play music, just under 31% get her to play with the lights, and 24.5% use it as a timer. While Siri and the Google Voice Search system are both examples of narrow AI like the Echo, they make much more limited use of its capabilities – compared to Alexa, Google is not OK, and Siri can say goodbye. “OK Google – who would win in a fight, you or Alexa?” Alexa’s success has put Google into catch-up mode, and they have been making some progress in the form of Google Home. Early reviews suggest that it might actually be the better product – but it lacks the market momentum of the Amazon product, and it seems unlikely that the sales will be on an even footing for a while yet. However, Google does have the advantage of some high-end technology, namely Alphabet DeepMind. DeepMind itself is the company name, but the more familiar connection is the technology the company produces. DeepMind are responsible for the program AlphaGo that beat the world’s foremost Go player 4 – 1, as well as a neural network that can learn how to play video games with the same approach as humans do. DeepMind can offer Google systems their machine learning experience – which means that Google Home’s technology might have more room to start leaning towards Deep AI in the future. Your device will be able to start adapting itself to your needs – just don’t ask it to open the pod bay doors. “Watson – what wine would you recommend with this?” The other major contender in the AI race has only just started dipping into the B2C commercial market, and not nearly to the same scale as Alexa or Google Home. IBM Watson has, however, won Jeopardy!, as well as found places in healthcare, teaching, and weather forecasting – essentially, absorbing a great deal of information and adapting it for different uses. Watson is now used by The North Face, for example, to offer contextual shopping through conversational search. Users answer questions, and Watson suggests products based on the answers. Likewise, Bear Naked uses Watson to “taste test” their customized granola system for the user, so once you’ve designed your meal, it can tell you if you might want to cut back on the chocolate chips. AI is a competitive market – and it’s a market synergizing with conversational and voice search to bring us ever closer to the computer from Star Trek, and even beyond it. For now, however, narrow AI is the market – and that means optimizing sites for it. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin88 Google+31 Twitter 119 Related articles How to optimize your mobile site speed: Testing for issues Voice search: A digital space race How video impacts mobile web performance and UX, part 3: detecting and remedying issues Taming the local search beast in a post-Possum and Fred world SE-OK Google Voice search means that people are searching much more conversationally than they used to. The best way to accommodate that in your SEO strategy is to give more attention to your long-tail keywords, especially the questions. Questions are opportunities best met with in-depth, mobile-friendly guides that offer information to your customers and clients. But this also applies when it comes to using apps in the way that Alexa and Google Home do. People aren’t just making voice searches now – they’re also making voice commands. With that in mind, to rank for some of these long-tail keywords, you need to start optimizing for action phrases and Google-approved AI commands like “search for [KEYWORD] on [APP]”, as well as carefully managing your API, if you have one. And it is worth having one, in order that you can integrate fully with these new devices. You can break down the structure of common questions in your industry to optimize your long-tail keywords for devices. You’ll also need to look into deep-linking to optimize your apps for search. Deep-linking allows searchers to see listings from an app directly on search, and open the app from those search rankings, making for a smoother user experience. Search results show your app data and link directly into the app This is only going to become more important over time – Google have just announced that they’re opening up their technology, “Instant Apps”, to all developers. Instant Apps mean that if the user doesn’t have the app, it can “stream” the page from the app anyway. It’s not a stretch to imagine that before long Alexa won’t need Skills to complete commands – so long as you’ve properly set up your API to work with search. Siri, likewise, already has SiriKit, which allows developers to build markup into their apps that Siri can read. “Alexa – What’s the Best Way to Deal with AI?” Voice search is a growing part of the search industry. But it’s not the biggest opportunity of it. Rather, companies should be focusing on integrating voice actions into their strategy – by deep-linking their apps, ranking for long-tail keyword questions, and making sure everything they want a customer can do, they can do with their voice. Pete Campbell is Managing Director at Kaizen. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading What does Google’s “Project Owl” mean for search and fake news? In May 2017, Google introduced Project Owl as its solution to the problem of fake news. It plans to do this with new feedback forms for search suggestions and the answer box, and authoritative content prioritization in the answer box. But how will this affect the user experience of search? SEO 24 May 17 | Michael Bertini Google I/O: What’s going on with Progressive Web Apps? At Google's developer jamboree, Google I/O, last week the search giant paraded a host of big name case studies and compelling stats to herald its success with two initiatives to make the mobile web better and faster: Progressive Web Apps (PWA) and Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP). Events Mobile 23 May 17 | Andy Favell How video impacts mobile web performance and UX, part 2: autoplay and audio Mobile video is a major up-and-coming trend in content, with brands everywhere converging on the new and lucrative mobile video market. In Part 2 of our three-part series, we'll look at the contentious subject of autoplaying videos and their impact on mobile webpage performance, as well as how audio can delay page speed. Mobile Video 19 May 17 | Andy Favell International SEO: 5 ways to scale performance The Internet offers brands an unprecedented way to reach their customers across borders, but reaching different populations requires an understanding of what people want and then producing content to meet these needs. As you get started with your international SEO strategy, here are five ways you can scale your practices to maximize your potential. Local SEO 17 May 17 | Jim Yu Tags Alexa | Amazon Echo | digital assistants | Google Assistant | Google Home | Siri | voice search Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/05/29/optimizing-for-voice-assistants-why-actions-speak-louder-than-words/ Send × Want to stay on top of mobile marketing trends? Get top insights and news from our mobile marketing experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Home NEWS Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events ABOUT US ADVERTISING CONTACT US Home NEWS Carrie Ann , June 3, 2017 Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Christy Gren , May 31, 2017 Former Microsoft CEO, Steve Ballmer Talks About Investment in Twitter Christy Gren , May 26, 2017 Samsung Will Set up a 500 Billion Fund to Support Small Businesses Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Carrie Ann , April 6, 2017 Humor at Work: The road less traveled by which leads to Success Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Christy Gren , May 29, 2017 India is the Fastest Growing Economy in the World As Per Q1 Poll Results Christy Gren , May 8, 2017 Liquid Rich and Monetarily Poor Venezuela Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Audible Sets up $5 Million Fund to Encourage Emerging Playwrights Subaru XV to Shield you from Dangerous Impact Home NEWS Autos Google Co-founder to Spend $100 Million on World’s Biggest Aircraft Google Co-founder to Spend $100 Million on World’s Biggest Aircraft Google Co-founder to Spend $100 Million on World’s Biggest Aircraft Autos Featured NEWS Technology SHARE Carrie Ann , May 29, 2017 / 287 0 Just when we thought that the Silicon Valley is all about huge finances and high ambitions, we came across an incident in which a notable contributor to this industry is willing to spend money for a humanitarian cause. Sergey Brin, the Google co-founder is the one who came up with a project to cater to the cause. Around last month, the news was published on Bloomberg about Brin working on a secret blimp project. This news was initially forgotten as rumors are dismissed once the public has something new to dwell upon. Now Business Insider has confirmed the news by reporting about LTA Research & Exploration. This organization will apparently work on the building of the world’s biggest aircraft. This massive ship will receive funds from the personal assets of the Google co-founder. Sergey Brin will bear expenses ranging from $100 million to $150 million from his own pocket. According to a number of sources involved with the project, this blimp will be majorly used for humanitarian causes. This blimp will be beneficial in times of need when a large number of people need to commute at once. When not in demand, the aircraft will also be useful for Brin’s personal transportation. This humongous aircraft is currently under construction. Sergey Brin will bear expenses ranging from $100 million to $150 million from his own pocket. Google co-founder and his secret blimp project One of the sources confidently claims that this massive aircraft will be on a grand scale. The construction is under process at the Moffett Field. This place is on a lease from Alphabet, Google’s parent company. The aircraft will not only be massive in size but also in terms of grandeur. Upon completion, the aircraft will be around 200 meters long. There have been aircrafts bigger than this in the past but this will be the biggest flying aircraft currently. The uses of the world’s biggest aircraft will be bipolar in nature. On one hand, it will deliver food and other such supplies to the far corners of the world as an act of charity. On the other hand, it will also be a luxurious aircraft for the entertainment needs of the Google co-founder. Despite the huge size, this blimp will be comparatively lightweight. The internal bladders of this automobile will have helium instead of hydrogen to light the vehicle. This is decided to keep in mind the flammability rules by the Federal Aviation Administration. It seems that Brin’s obsession with aircrafts for years will finally result into something productive. Author Carrie Ann Carrie Ann is Editor-in-Chief at Industry Leaders Magazine, based in Las Vegas. Carrie covers technology, trends, marketing, brands, productivity, and leadership. When she isn’t writing she prefers reading. She loves reading books and articles on business, economics, corporate law, luxury products, artificial intelligence, and latest technology. She’s keen on political discussions and shares an undying passion for gadgets. Follow Carrie Ann on Twitter, Facebook & Google. Tags: Google co founder, secret blimp project, Sergey Brin, world’s biggest aircraft Next Article India is the Fastest Growing Economy in the World As Per Q1 Poll Results Previous Article Snap Acquires Venice-based Drone Startup at $1 Million Similar Articles Aubrey Chang, April 25, 2013 Slew of Apple devices to arrive in autumn Anna Domanska, August 22, 2016 Samsung wants to give Second Life to Your Old Smartphone Anna Domanska, June 16, 2015 Hugh Jackman is using Coffee to end global poverty Related Posts Top 5 Business Trends to Watch for 2012 Arris acquires Google’s Motorola Home for $2.35bn JAL – Airbus deal to be one of the Biggest Aircraft deal Jibo, World’s First Family Robot Will Be Available in 2015 Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. CAPTCHA Code* 2017 CURRENT ISSUE Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now Already A Subscriber? Log In Past Issues (click cover to view the magazine) VIEW ALL PAST ISSUES » Get Connected 5,253 Followers 16,227 Followers 1,243 Followers RSS Feeds Most Popular Article Chan Zuckerberg Initiative raises $3 Billion for a disease-free future What will the looming U.S Government shut-down mean in real-terms? The Economics of Sony PlayStation Network & Qriocity Identity-Hacks Timothy Geithner: Raise U.S Debt Ceiling or Risk Default The Stop Online Piracy Act: What Industry Leaders Can Do About It Sign up for Daily post updates About Industry Leaders Magazine Widely seen as a CEO's Magazine, Industry Leaders is widely read by corporate executives and professionals from a wide spectrum of industries and business functions. The brand has a huge and loyal patronage amongst readers for its sharp... Read More Get Connected 5,253 Followers 16,227 Followers 1,243 Followers RSS Feeds Recent Posts Waymo’s Self-Driving Truck Already in the Testing Stage Carrie Ann , June 3, 2017 Ohio Opioid Lawsuit Accuses Pharma Companies for Drug Overdose Deaths Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Hyundai Electric Bus that Recharges Within an Hour to be Out by 2018 Carrie Ann , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Other Navigation ABOUT US EVENTS ADVERTISING CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS SITEMAP CAREERS Leadership Story Of The Month leadership-story-of-the-month The Great Traits of Feminine Leadership! © Copyright 2016. All Rights Reserved. Industry Leaders Current Issue Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now × Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments PASSWORD RESET EMAIL Back to Login? Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments LOGIN EMAIL PASSWORD CAPTCHA Code Forgot Password?
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Only 45% of Websites Support HTTPS according to SEMrush report NEW YORK, May 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — HTTPS is not a matter of taste, or just an SEO bonus anymore, it’s one of the key user security factors, that Google pays huge attention to. So, today HTTPS it’s a „must have” for all online businesses. The conclusion of Firefox’s telemetry on January 29, 2017 was that the half of internet traffic is secure, but there are still a lot of mistakes that can be critical for a website’s success. To confirm this statement, SEMrush conducted research on the frequency of HTTPS implementation mistakes and found the 10 most common ones. Below you’ll find data on 100,000 anonymous websites that use the secure protocol and proof that fixing website mistakes can correlate with better rankings in Google. The first and the most important conclusion is that only 45% of the websites we analyzed support HTTPS. All data on the frequency of HTTPS-related errors was collected during the analysis of those secure domains. Non-secure pages with password input fields SEMrush analyzed a total of 100,000 websites (including some that did not use HTTPS) for compliance with Google’s requirement that any page that collects passwords should be encrypted, and discovered that 9% of the analyzed websites still had insecure pages with password input fields. Architecture mistakes A problem with mixed content was detected on 50% of the analyzed websites, which means that browsers will warn users about loading insecure content, and this may negatively affect user experience and reduce user confidence. One error that can occur when moving a website to HTTPS is that internal links on an HTTPS site can lead to HTTP pages. In a recent SEMrush study, 50% of websites face this pitfall. Also, 8% of the 100,000 websites we analyzed (excluding the ones supporting HSTS for which this problem is not detrimental) had an HTTP home page that did not correspond to its HTTPS version. This can cause such problems as pages competing with each other, traffic loss and poor placement in search results. Plus, 5.5% of the HTTPS websites had HTTP URLs in their sitemap.xml. Security certificate mistakes An SSL certificate (Secure Socket Layer certificate) is used to establish a secure connection between a server and a browser and to protect data on the website from being stolen. During a recent research, SEMrush found out that 2% of the analyzed websites had expired SSL certificates and 6% had an SSL certificate registered to an incorrect domain name. Server Issues During the analysis it was important to fix websites that had no HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) server support. The conclusion of the study is that 86% of the analyzed websites don’t support HSTS. This technology is quite new and browsers only began supporting this protocol not so long ago. In addition to the server issues mentioned above, we discovered in our study that 3.6% of the analyzed websites appeared to have an old security protocol version, and SNI-related errors were discovered on just 0.56% of the websites. Read the full version of SEMrush’s research here. Contact info Jana Garanko, Lead of PR y.garanko@semrush.com Related Links HTTPS Case Study SOURCE SEMrush CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Zinc Borate Market Size (Value) Worldwide Industry Growth, Share, Trends, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Next PostNext High-throughput Automation of Holotype HLA in Routine HLA Genotyping at the EFI Annual Meeting 2017 Search Recent Posts Vaisala partners with DryKeep to enhance transformer moisture monitoring New Report On Global Healthcare Analytics Market 2017 Edition Pöyry awarded engineering services assignment for EPC Selection of GLEDC’s supercritical power plant in the Philippines Electric Enclosure Market Report 2017: Top Countries, Manufacturers, Types and Applications Focused Ion Beam Market Expected to Reach $4.9 billion, Globally, by 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google for Jobs going live for some people Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 4:31pm PDTMay 27, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 74 Share on Facebook 81 Share on Twitter Total Shares174 Google News Back at Google I/O, a new initiative was announced called 'Google for Jobs.' As you might be able to guess from the name, it is designed to make finding job openings easier and more effective - for both applicants and employers. The feature appears to be going live on Google Search, at least for some users. Currently, searching something like "barista jobs" just returns a list of results from job listing sites. With Google for Jobs, you get a much cleaner interface with more details, plus modifiers like 'Full-time' and 'Starbucks.'    Left: Current layout; Center, Right: New layout This doesn't seem to be live yet for everyone, including myself, but let us know in the comments if you see it. Thanks: Jose Tags Google google for jobs jobs work subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get a 3-pack Arlo Pro security system for $450 ($130 off), if you have Amazon Prime ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Paul_Werner Yeah this went live for me the same day they announced it. I'm still waiting on the new YouTube UI & the YouTube Go Live features though matteventu Are you from the US? Mattwmaster58 I'm from canada and it works for me Paul_Werner Yup Mattwmaster58 Youtube UI you gotta opt in @ https://www.youtube.com/new Izzie I didn't opt in and got the new interface yesterday? Mattwmaster58 I guess they are rolling this out :P Vratislav Jindra How about doing something about that ugly grey status bar, Google? I get it at the search results page which is also grey (a bit lighter), but not when there is a blue action bar right underneath it. Also the shadow under the status bar from KitKat era in the main screen of Google App seems weird. Sometimes I wonder what they pay their designers for, when they can't get this basic sh*t straight. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,........ Vratislav Jindra Oh for f*ck's sake, stop it. Powsniffer0110 Your problem is youre on KitKat buddy. Try upgrading Vratislav Jindra I'm on Nougat, buddy. Don't tell me that your Google App's main screen doesn't have this ridiculous status bar. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fa83a4890e2557e740128d564e6f804416ed73f61787acbc9deac5bd323268f3.png BehemothPL It's nice to see Chicago metro in the article :) Alejandro Steve? ddevito JOBS JOBS JOBS let's vote for JOBS! Yeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaa you've got karma! alwaysonthemove ITM Grunty I got coffee at that starbucks yesterday. Logan Snyder Weird, the old layout had squiggly looking black rectangles. instinct I listened to a Steve Jobs audio clip right before reading this headline, and it threw me off. makapav Vote up if you immediately went and searched for barista jobs after reading this post. Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,...... Evan Hart I get the job done from ease and comfort of my home, through doing easy jobs that only usually takes from you a Desk top together with on-line connection and Now I am more satisfied than ever before... After half a year on this work and therefore i obtained paid for totally Thirty six Thousand usd... Basically I generate close to 80 bucks/hr and work for 3 to 4 hrs day-after-day.And marvelous factor concerning this task is usually that you can easily supervise your time when you do the job and for how much time as you wish for and you achieve a check week by week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I do the job from comfort and ease of my property or home, via easy projects that only takes from you a Desktop and connection to the internet and I am just more successful than ever before... After half a year in this project and i obtained compensated for overall Thirty six Thousand bucks... Basically I generate near 80 bucks/hour and also work for three to four hours time on a regular basis.And spectacular factor regarding this work is the fact you can arrange your time while you get the job done and for just how long as you prefer and you attain a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Rob The problem is finding actual jobs associated with postings in any platform. A lot of the time, these aren't serious openings. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 117 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 117 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.278s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Only 45% of Websites Support HTTPS according to SEMrush report News provided by SEMrush 29 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article NEW YORK, May 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- HTTPS is not a matter of taste, or just an SEO bonus anymore, it's one of the key user security factors, that Google pays huge attention to. So, today HTTPS it's a "must have" for all online businesses. The conclusion of Firefox's telemetry on January 29, 2017 was that the half of internet traffic is secure, but there are still a lot of mistakes that can be critical for a website's success. To confirm this statement, SEMrush conducted research on the frequency of HTTPS implementation mistakes and found the 10 most common ones. Only 45% of websites support HTTPS Below you'll find data on 100,000 anonymous websites that use the secure protocol and proof that fixing website mistakes can correlate with better rankings in Google. The first and the most important conclusion is that only 45% of the websites we analyzed support HTTPS. All data on the frequency of HTTPS-related errors was collected during the analysis of those secure domains. Non-secure pages with password input fields SEMrush analyzed a total of 100,000 websites (including some that did not use HTTPS) for compliance with Google's requirement that any page that collects passwords should be encrypted, and discovered that 9% of the analyzed websites still had insecure pages with password input fields. Architecture mistakes A problem with mixed content was detected on 50% of the analyzed websites, which means that browsers will warn users about loading insecure content, and this may negatively affect user experience and reduce user confidence. One error that can occur when moving a website to HTTPS is that internal links on an HTTPS site can lead to HTTP pages. In a recent SEMrush study, 50% of websites face this pitfall. Also, 8% of the 100,000 websites we analyzed (excluding the ones supporting HSTS for which this problem is not detrimental) had an HTTP home page that did not correspond to its HTTPS version. This can cause such problems as pages competing with each other, traffic loss and poor placement in search results. Plus, 5.5% of the HTTPS websites had HTTP URLs in their sitemap.xml. Security certificate mistakes An SSL certificate (Secure Socket Layer certificate) is used to establish a secure connection between a server and a browser and to protect data on the website from being stolen. During a recent research, SEMrush found out that 2% of the analyzed websites had expired SSL certificates and 6% had an SSL certificate registered to an incorrect domain name. Server Issues During the analysis it was important to fix websites that had no HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) server support. The conclusion of the study is that 86% of the analyzed websites don't support HSTS. This technology is quite new and browsers only began supporting this protocol not so long ago. In addition to the server issues mentioned above, we discovered in our study that 3.6% of the analyzed websites appeared to have an old security protocol version, and SNI-related errors were discovered on just 0.56% of the websites. Read the full version of SEMrush's research here. Contact info Jana Garanko, Lead of PR y.garanko@semrush.com Related Links HTTPS Case Study To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/only-45-of-websites-support-https-according-to-semrush-report-300464925.html SOURCE SEMrush 30 Nov, 2016, 07:30 ET Preview: SEMrush releases 100th update in 2016 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Only 45% of Websites Support HTTPS according to SEMrush report News provided by SEMrush 29 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter football live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Championship Huddersfield Town v Reading: Championship play-off final – as it happened Huddersfield win promotion to the top flight for the first time in 45 years after coming from behind on penalties Read Paul Doyle’s match report from Wembley Updated Huddersfield Town’s Mark Hudson (R) and Elias Kachunga celebrate with the trophy. Photograph: Matthew Childs/Reuters Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Barry Glendenning @bglendenning Monday 29 May 2017 13.21 EDT First published on Monday 29 May 2017 08.28 EDT Key events Show 1.19pm EDT 13:19 Huddersfield 0-0 Reading (Huddersfield win 4-3 on pens) 1.12pm EDT 13:12 I've just seen Schindler's penalty again ... 1.09pm EDT 13:09 An email from Steven Hughes 12.56pm EDT 12:56 HUDDERSFIELD TOWN WIN PROMOTION 12.53pm EDT 12:53 Christopher Schindler wins it for Huddersfield. 12.51pm EDT 12:51 Moore misses for Reading 12.49pm EDT 12:49 Hefele misses for Huddeersfield Live feed Show 1.19pm EDT 13:19 Huddersfield 0-0 Reading (Huddersfield win 4-3 on pens) Paul Doyle was lucky enough to be at Wembley for the Guardian and has filed this on-the-whistle report on a magical day for Huddersfield fans, that turned into yet another Wembley showpiece Reading would like to forget. Huddersfield reach Premier League after penalty shoot-out win over Reading Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.12pm EDT 13:12 I've just seen Schindler's penalty again ... Ooh, he didn’t get hold of it properly at all! It was accuracy that ensured it went in, because there was very little power behind his effort. Ali Al-Habsi stretched every sinew of his 6ft 4in frame, but couldn’t prevent the ball from creeping just inside the left upright. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.09pm EDT 13:09 An email from Steven Hughes “Huddersfield bravely tempting fate by having Schindler taking the fifth penalty,” he writes. Could’ve been a paper headline of ‘Schindler’s Miss’.” Well Steven, hopefully he has a few too many during the celebrations tonight and is pictured falling out of a nightclub with his trousers at half-mast, then we can go with “Schindler’s Pissed”. As it is, some lame “Schindler Lifts” about Huddersfield going up will have to do. Updated at 1.10pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.05pm EDT 13:05 Huddersfield win promotion: And the cup that goes with it. The tiny Terriers from Yorkshire will be yipping and yapping at the heels of the Premier League big boys next season after securing promotion in the most dramatic fashion imaginable. Mark Hudson and Tommy Smith lift the trophy. Photograph: Nick Potts/PA Updated at 1.21pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.03pm EDT 13:03 Huddersfield win promotion: Huddersfield’s players go up to collect their trophy, led by their manager David Wagner. In an innovative wheeze, Sky Sports appear to have given Collin Quaner a selfie-stick with which to record proceedings. I’m not sure that’s a great idea. In fact I’m sure it’s a terrible idea that must never be allowed happen again. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.00pm EDT 13:00 Huddersfield win promotion: Reading’s players remain out on the pitch, each enduring their own long, dark teatime of the soul. Danny Williams is inconsolable, lying on his back with his head in his hands, as his shoulders shake with the power of his sobs. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.59pm EDT 12:59 Huddersfield win promotion: “I think we’ve got our just desserts here,” says Huddersfield goalkeeper Danny Ward, who lays the credit for his team’s amazing team spirit at the door of manager David Wagner. “He’s brought in some very big characters,” he says. As Huddersfield’s players and backroom staff celebrate, their chairman Dean Hoyle looks on in total shock from the posh seats. He looks genuinely ashen-faced, as if he can’t believe what he’s just seen unfold. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.56pm EDT 12:56 HUDDERSFIELD TOWN WIN PROMOTION After a wait of 45 years, Huddersfield are back in the top flight. They did it the hard way, coming from behind to go through on penalties. “I think nobodies feeling 100% confident under this pressure, but you have to do it,” says Christopher Schindler, who put away the winning penalty. The former 1860 Munich man looks to be the coolest man in Wembley. Huddersfield Town players celebrate after winning the penalty shootout. Photograph: Matthew Childs/Reuters Updated at 1.00pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.53pm EDT 12:53 Christopher Schindler wins it for Huddersfield. Reading 3-4 Huddersfield: It’s a brilliant penalty, low and into the bottom left-hand corner. Ali Al-Habsi guessed the right way, but still couldn’t keep it out. Huddersfield win the play-off final and promotion to the Premier League. The Reading players fall to the ground. Photograph: Matthew Childs/Reuters Updated at 12.57pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.52pm EDT 12:52 Jordan Obita misses for Reading. Reading 3-3 Huddersfield: Danny Ward saves a poor effort. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.51pm EDT 12:51 Aaron Mooy scores for Huddersfield Reading 3-3 Huddersfield: It’s all square Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.51pm EDT 12:51 Moore misses for Reading Reading 3-2 Huddersfield: He skies it over the crossbar. Reading’s advantage is gone. Liam Moore looks dejected after firing his penalty over the bar. Photograph: Matthew Childs/Reuters Updated at 12.56pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.50pm EDT 12:50 Nahki Wells scores for Huddersfield Reading 3-2 Huddersfield: Reading still have the advantage. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.49pm EDT 12:49 Kelly scores for Reading. Reading 3-1 Huddersfield: The substitutue shoots high into the roof of the net. Brilliant. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.49pm EDT 12:49 Hefele misses for Huddeersfield Reading 2-1 Huddersfield: An awful penalty. AL Habsi saves easily. Michael Hefele reacts after missing. Photograph: Glyn Kirk/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 12.54pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.48pm EDT 12:48 Danny Williams scores for Reading Reading 2-1 Huddersfield: Low, down the centre ... but Ward dives out of the way. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.47pm EDT 12:47 Chris Lowe scores for Huddersfield Reading 1-1 Huddersfield: He shoots lowe(!) and hard, making no mistake. Huddersfield Town’s Chris Lowe celebrates scoring from the spot. Photograph: John Sibley/Reuters Updated at 12.52pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.46pm EDT 12:46 Kermorgant scores for Reading ... Reading 1-0 Huddersfield: There’s no panenka as he fires into the bottom left corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.45pm EDT 12:45 The penalties will be taken into the Huddersfield end ... We’ll be underway once again very shortly, once goalkeepers Danny Ward and Ali Al Habsi take up possession. Reading will take the first spot kick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.43pm EDT 12:43 FULL-TIME: HUDDERSFIELD 0-0 READING Peep! Peep! Peeeeep! For the third time in history, the second tier play-off final will be settled by penalties. Reading striker Yann Kermorgant played in one of the other two, costing Leicester City a place in the Premier League with one of the worst panenka efforts ever seen against Cardiff City in 2010. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.40pm EDT 12:40 ET30: Chris Lowe sends a wonderful delivery looping across the face of goal, but none of his team-mates can get on the end of it. Reading’s defence went to sleep there! Martin Cranie just fails to connect. Photograph: John Sibley/Reuters Updated at 12.45pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.39pm EDT 12:39 ET29: Huddersfield win a free-kick wide on the right flank, in what will almost certainly be the final scoring opportunity of the game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.38pm EDT 12:38 ET28: Jordan Obita does well to beat Collin Quaner in a footrace as the Huddersfield man hared down the right flank to try to get in behind the Reading defence. Throw-in for the Terriers, deep in Reading territory. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.37pm EDT 12:37 ET27: Nahki Wells is picked out with a pass from Kasey Palmer just inside the Reading penalty area. He takes a touch to steady himself, before drilling a poor effort low, hard and a foot or two wide of the left upright. That was a decent chance. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 ET24: Reading win a throw-in deep inside the Huddersfield half, but Chris Gunter has no ball. One is eventually found and rolled his way, he chucks it to Liam Kelly. The youngster from Basingstoke plays it back to Gu8nter, who is upended by Jonathan Hogg. That’s Jonathan Hogg, who is already on a booking and is very, very fortunate indeed not to get a second one for that foul. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.33pm EDT 12:33 ET23: On the touchliner, David Wagner urges on his players iwth a series of encouraging handclaps. I’m not sure what more they have left in the tank - most of these footballers are running on fumes and adrenalin at this stage. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.31pm EDT 12:31 ET21: Garath McCleary is flagged as he sprints to chase a through-ball from deep. That was a mite careless; he could have done more to stay onside there. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.30pm EDT 12:30 ET19: Tiago Ilori dispoessess Rajiv Van La Parra with a perfectly timed, but risky tackle inside his own penalty area. The Huddersfield crowd appeal for a penalty, but La Parra doesn’t. None is forthcoming. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.28pm EDT 12:28 ET18: Collin Quaner wins a corner for Huddersfield after industrious work down the inside right. Aaron Mooy sends the ball towards the far post, but it’s too high for Hefele, who leaps under pressure from Liam Moore. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.26pm EDT 12:26 ET17: Huddersfield attack down the right flank, with Cranie on the ball. Christian Schindler plays a through ball down the inside right channel, but Tyler Blackett hacks clear. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.25pm EDT 12:25 Second half of extra time: Huddersfield 0-0 Reading ET16: For the final time in this match, Reading get the ball rolling. Will either side be courageous enough to go out and try to win this £170m winner-takes-all match? We’ll find out soon enough. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.24pm EDT 12:24 Half-time in extra time: Huddersfield 0-0 Reading Peep! It remains scoreless, with 15 minutes left to play in a game that’s being played at walking pace by the 22 players ... most of whom are absolutely exhausted. Penalties look inevitable and what neutral wouldn’t want them at this late stage. The players get another pep-talk from their managers ahead of one last push to win the game before it goes to spot-kicks. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.21pm EDT 12:21 ET15+1: Reading advance down the right, the ball’s played to McCleary on the edge of the penalty area by Kelly. McCleary works the ball on to his left foot and sends a low drive flashing wide of the right upright. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.20pm EDT 12:20 ET14: Jordan Obita gets booked for a rugby tackle on Quanar after gifting possession to the Huddersfield player high up the field. Nobody wants to be the player who costs their side such an important game at this late stage and Obita takes his caution without any fuss. He could have no complaints. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 4 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Championship Huddersfield Reading Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Soccer › Championship football live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
M³ CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Azure Backup cuddles up real close to Windows Server Tintri files for US$100m IPO but warns losses will likely keep coming HPE's cloud server wasting away on low calorie Microsoft sales ViaSat lofts world's most powerful communications satellite into orbit Sage flogs North American Payments biz for $260m Whoops! Microsoft accidentally lets out a mobile-'bricking' OS update Google to give 6 months' warning for 2018 Chrome adblockalypse – report Toyota's entertaining the idea of Linux in cars Goodness gracious, great Chinese 'Fireball' malware infects 250m systems worldwide Social media vetting for US visas go live LIGO physicists eyeball a new gravitational wave Crapness of WannaCrypt coding offers hope for ransomware victims Who's going to dig you out of a security hole when the time comes? BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted Performance anxiety: A different take on 'hybrid infrastructure' Ransomware realities: In your normal life, strangers don't extort you. But here you are How do you do, fellow kids? Grandpa Puppet gets down with Docker What happened when 300 DevOps experts took over the QE II? Windows is now built on Git, but Microsoft has found some bottlenecks Twilio packages code boilerplate to woo devs Policy The Channel UK PM May's response to London terror attack calls for regulation of internet companies Walmart workers invited to shuttle packages Pai guy not too privacy shy, says your caller ID can't block IP, so anons go bye The Big Blue Chopper video that IBM might want to keep quiet Bixby bailout: Samsungers bailing on lame-duck assistant Your emotionally absent pic-snapping partner's going to look you in the eye again Samsung's Bixby assistant fails English, gets held back a month Qualcomm names its Windows 10 ARM PC partners Geek's Guide Earth resists NASA's attempts to make red and green clouds ESA astronaut deaccelerates from 28,800kph to zero in first bumpy landing Boffins find evidence of strange uranium-producing bacteria lurking underground Gay Dutch vultures become dads Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Amazon granted patent to put parachutes inside shipping labels The nuclear launch button won't be pressed by a finger but by a bot Virtual reality headsets even less popular than wearable devices Microsoft boosts its AI framework with Cognitive Toolkit 2.0 Verity Stob Utah fights man's attempt to marry laptop German robo-pastor preaches the GNU Testament IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living 68 Business Google can't spare 113 seconds of revenue to compile data on its gender pay gap Has $150 million diversity program, server farms galore, needs 500 hours to sift data 29 May 2017 at 12:02, Richard Chirgwin After failing in April to shut down reporting of its lawsuit with the United States Department of Labor, Google's told the US court looking into alleged pay discrimination it would be too expensive to find out whether women are underpaid at the advertising behemoth. How much is too expensive? US$100,000, Google told the court, which if our calculation against its $28 billion 2016 revenue is correct, represents around 113 seconds of revenue for the Alphabet subsidiary. Oh, and Google's lawyer added that compiling accurate wage data to compare mens' income to womens' income would take 500 hours of staff time. Which is pretty odd given that Google has more-or-less perfected the art of running computers at scale and has an army of developers on staff. It's a high-stakes battle for Mountain View, because as a federal contractor the company has to comply with equal opportunity laws and is supposed to let regulators review its records. Google attorney Lisa Barnett Sween argued that the court's powers are too broad and unconstitutional (something that won't change the labour-court's mind, but hints at how the company will argue if it has to take this all the way to the Supreme Court). She also complained that Google's already spent nine minutes' worth of revenue ($500,000) trying to compile the data it doesn't want to provide the DoL. Department of Labor attorney Ian Eliasoph pointed out it's a bit rich that a company that fanfared a $150 million diversity package in 2015 claims it can't afford to compile data on pay equality. ® Tips and corrections 68 Comments MORE Equality Department Of Labor Gender Sign up to our Newsletter Get IT in your inbox daily Subscribe More from The Register FCC backs Google Fiber in Louisville spat These poles are made for sharing 6 Comments Oracle gives FCC a great big sloppy kiss: You're doing a great job axing net neutrality, privacy But why? 30 Comments Oracle refuses to let Java copyright battle die – another appeal filed in war against Google If at first you don't succeed, try { try { again } } 64 Comments US Congress asks FCC to snuff out Google's TV landgrab It's dead already, Congresscritters argue 17 Comments FCC blames DDoS for weekend web lockout Vid Not down to people trying to file comments on issues rhyming with wetsuit balloty, it insists 12 Comments Google up on Oracle win 3 Comments Whitepapers Blending Cloud-native and Conventional Applications This IDC InfoBrief, sponsored by Red Hat, reviews ten lessons from early adopters for successful integration of cloud native and traditional applications. Mobile App Security Program Management Handbook Whether you are starting from square one with a mobile app security initiative, have ad-hoc tasks you want to consolidate, or just want to improve an existing program. Achieving the Dynamic Data Center Examining the emergence of clustering in the enterprise data center, and a set of criteria to consider when evaluating options for managing advanced, clustered IT infrastructure. Top Reasons Veritas is Superior to Dell EMC See how an open software approach from Veritas and NetBackup provides the right foundation for enterprise data management. Most read BA IT systems failure: Uninterruptible Power Supply was interrupted BA CEO blames messaging and networks for grounding IBM marketeers rub out chopper after visit from CEO Ginni The Linux cloud swap that spells trouble for Microsoft and VMware I'll take the sandtrooper in white: Meet the rebel scum making Star Wars armour sets for a living Spotlight How the Facebook money funnel is shaping British elections Your roadmap to the Google vs Oracle Java wars Project Gollum: Because NHS Caring means NHS Sharing Plutus Payroll clients and staff fell for plausible business model fairy tales Drugs, vodka, Volvo: The Scandinavian answer to Britain's future new border UK General Election 2017: How EU law will hit British politicians' Facebook fight Facebook fake news: Sort it out yourself, readers Unpaid tech contractor: 'I have to support my family. I have no money for medicines' Sponsored links Know Your Infrastructure - On Prem and in the Cloud Get The Register's Headlines in your inbox daily - quick signup! Moving to the Cloud? Get a quote on selling IT. Get your cash back. About us Who we are Under the hood Contact us Advertise with us More content Week’s headlines Top 20 stories Alerts Whitepapers Situation Publishing The Next Platform Continuous Lifecycle London M-cubed Webinars The Register - Independent news, views and opinion for the tech sector. Part of Situation Publishing Sign up to our Newsletters Join our daily or weekly newsletters, subscribe to a specific section or set News alerts Subscribe Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Cookies Privacy Ts&Cs
Home > Logos > Memorial Day: Google Tiny Flag, Bing Arlington Cemetery & More Memorial Day: Google Tiny Flag, Bing Arlington Cemetery & More May 29, 2017 • 7:38 am | (1) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Logos Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story Today is Memorial Day in the United States and many of the search engines have special logos and themes for the day. Google, on the other hand has a tiny little American flag to commemorate the people who died while serving in the country's armed forces. Bing goes big with a really strong photos of Arlington National Cemetery where there are 624 acres where the US armed forces have been buried, beginning with the Civil War, as well as reinterred dead from earlier wars. There are currently about 400,000 people buried there. Here is Google's home page that shows that tiny little American flat. Clearly a huge contrast to what you see on Bing: Every year when Google doesn't do a fully blown Doodle, it sometimes suggests to people that Google doesn't care. Instead, Google places a small US flag under the search box. Google says that for somber days, they do not like to make fun and cheerful Doodles. So for Memorial Day, they use a small flag. And even Dogpile is proud with their animated home page: And here is our web site today: I don't think we will be posting any other stories here today out of respect for the day. We will continue tomorrow. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Daily Search Forum Recap: May 26, 2017   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 06/02/2017 09:05 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums LinkedIn to Deprecate its Groups API July, 2017 2017 State of the Internet Trends Report Digital Point Forums [Software] Traffic Builder - Drive Unlimited Free Traffic To Your Affiliate Sites and Ecom Stores $25 logo contest: Event Website Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News Most ReadPaid Search PPC Guide Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT SEO | May 29, 2017 7 Tips for Using Pop-ups Without Harming Your SEO 1.1K SHARES 2.2K READS Aleh Barysevich Aleh Barysevich 2.2K READS To use or not to use pop-ups? That is the question. Specifically, it’s the question on a lot of SEO experts’ minds since January, when Google’s began devaluing intrusive pop-up ads along with other intrusive interstitials that might diminish mobile user experience. Of course, pop-up advertising works. The average conversion rate of high-performing pop-ups is 9.28 percent. Heck, just over a year ago I wrote an article about pop-up goals and how to get more people to click your content. Understandably, many businesses are loath to lose such an important part of their funnel. So if you can’t afford to lose interstitials entirely but don’t want fall afoul of a Google penalty, what do you do? Here are seven tips that will help you use pop-ups intelligently without risking your SEO. 1. Understand Which Interstitials Are No-goes Google’s mobile interstitial penalty specifically targets intrusive interstitials. Note that “interstitial” is a broad term that can be widely applied to most pop-ups, overlays, and modals, but not all interstitials are considered equally intrusive. As a general rule of thumb, if your interstitials are spammy, difficult to dismiss, or diminish your users’ experience, your mobile page may be devalued. And, because Google’s indexing is now mobile-first, this may hurt your positions in the SERPs more than you realize. The following are all examples of interstitials that make your content less accessible: Content-covering pop-ups that users are forced to close to continue reading. Standalone interstitials that must be dismissed before users can access your content. Deceptive page layouts whose above-the-fold portion looks like an interstitial. You should also avoid ads that Google’s known to dislike and has penalized in the past, including: Classic interstitial ads and splash ads that interrupt users as they navigate between pages and/or before they reach your homepage. New window pop-ups that open as soon as a user clicks on your page. Welcome mats, new window pop-ups, and other intrusive ads. Overlay modals that are difficult to close and/or easily redirect visitors who accidentally click on them. Intrusive lightbox ads and pop-ups. Furthermore, Google’s John Mueller confirmed that interstitials triggered by exit intent are still allowed. However, be careful about relying too heavily on these. Annoying your visitors is never a good idea. 2. Continue Using Non-intrusive Interstitials Google doesn’t penalize non-intrusive interstitials. These include anything you’re legally required to display to restrict content or keep your users informed, such as age verification interstitials and cookie use notifications. Other pop-ups, such as banner ads, slide-ins, inlines and tabs, that take up a reasonable portion of the screen (15 percent or less is recommended) are also OK, as long as they’re easy to dismiss. If you aren’t sure whether your interstitials are considered intrusive, I recommend avoiding full-screen overlays, welcome mats, and ad modals. Whenever possible, try to switch to top banners and slide-in boxes that allow users to continue viewing your content and don’t disrupt UX too much. 3. Switch to Timed Pop-ups If you absolutely must continue to use pop-ups and overlays, you can try to redesign them to be as non-intrusive as possible. One of the biggest things you can change is the timing of your interstitials. For example, instead of displaying a pop-up as soon as a user lands on your page, time your pop-up for when users have finished your blog post. You can also limit how long pop-ups are displayed — a pop-up that automatically closes after three seconds of user inaction is better than one that never closes on its own. Of course, the challenge with this type of interstitial is that timed pop-ups are only as effective as your content. If your content isn’t compelling enough to keep users on-site, clicking through your pages and reading your content, then consider investing in your content marketing before you start plugging it with ads. 4. Watch Out for “Gray Area” Interstitials Some interstitials impacted by Google’s interstitial penalty might surprise you. For example, Mueller confirmed that language selection pop-ups on international sites might be devalued, because “yes, those are popups/interstitials too.” Carefully monitor your page performance if you’re using these or other “gray area” interstitials, such as sticky sidebars, related posts, share buttons, live chat boxes, and coupon pop-ups. While I don’t expect these to negatively impact SEO, it’s better to be safe than sorry. 5. Use Permitted (but Intrusive) Pop-ups Cautiously Some ads are definitely interruptive but aren’t penalized. These “gray area” pop-ups are permitted, but be warned that Google could crack down on them in the future (they’re certainly moving in that direction): Page-to-page interstitials: According to Mueller, Google’s interstitial penalty only devalues interstitials that pop-up when moving from SERP to site page, but interstitials between site pages are still fine. However, we know that Google values good UX, and page-to-page interstitials certainly are not good UX. Interstitials triggered by exit intent: Mueller also confirmed that pop-ups triggered by exit intent aren’t punished by the new update. Simply put a no-index tag in your code to avoid landing on the wrong side of the interstitial penalty. Fair warning if you decide to use these interstitials: They may be penalized at some point in the (near) future, even though nothing in the new algorithm update targets these interstitials. The only three constants in this world are death, taxes, and Google making changes for better UX. 6. You Can Still Use Intrusive Ads on Desktop Some websites have found a band-aid solution to the interstitial penalty, which is to hide pop-ups on mobile devices and continue to use them exclusively for desktop visitors. Many pop-up plugins include smart targeting options that allow you to only display your ads on specific platforms. Some website platforms such as Wix also allow you to hide potentially intrusive pop-ups on all mobile devices. Again, however, pop-ups that are intrusive and diminish your UX could be punished under a future update. I recommend you find more permanent solutions than temporarily hiding your mobile pop-ups. 7. Restrict Pop-ups to Sources Other Than Google Organic Search Another “gray area” that you could exploit is to only put pop-ups in front of visitors moving between site pages or finding your website through sources other than Google organic search results. According to Mueller, these won’t be impacted by the new algorithm update: “What we’re looking for is really interstitials that show up on the interaction between the search click and going through the page and seeing the content. So that’s kind of the place we’re looking for those interstitials. What you do afterward, like if someone clicks on stuff within your website or closes the tab or something like that, then that’s kind of between you and the user.” Of course, if organic search drives a lot of your traffic and it’s working to generate leads, don’t feel too pressured to switch. Remember that the new interstitial penalty is just one signal among hundreds and an interstitial ad or two won’t sink a website that’s otherwise chock-full of useful content. Conclusion “Wait,” I hear you saying. “January’s long gone, but many mobile sites are still using mobile pop-ups and ranking well.” You’re right. Before the update dropped, SEOs were scrambling to update or remove their mobile interstitials, but once January 10 rolled around, everything seemed to be business as usual. Glenn Gabe speculates that maybe this was the point all along: “The true impact has nothing to do with mobile rankings being impacted, a slide in mobile traffic or anything related to SEO. Instead, it has everything to do with the reaction of publishers to the news that the algorithm was rolling out.” So even if this is all news to you, you can breathe a sigh of relief — you probably haven’t been deeply affected by this update. But remember, just because this update hasn’t had a big impact yet doesn’t mean it never will. Address your pop-ups and interstitials now so you won’t be caught unprepared when/if Google decides to up the ante. However, if you’ve noticed an increase in your bounce rate or a decrease in other UX metrics (browse rate, return visitors, etc.) since January, use the Interstitial Penalty Checker to see if your pop-ups might be to blame.  Then check out this article on how to recover from Google’s mobile interstitials penalty. Image Credits In-post image: Screenshot by author. Taken May 2017. ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts Google to Devalue Pages With Intrusive Pop-Ups in Mobile Search 51% Haven’t Felt the Effects of Google’s Mobile Interstitials Penalty [POLL] 9 Roadblocks That Could be Harming Your Google Rankings ADVERTISEMENT Aleh Barysevich Founder and Chief Marketing Officer at Link-Assistant.Com Aleh Barysevich is Founder and Chief Marketing Officer at Link-Assistant.Com, the company that makes SEO PowerSuite (website promotion toolkit) and ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Partner Stories How to Discover & Take Advantage of Hidden Ranks Search Podcast How AI and Machine Learning Affect the Future of Online Marketing Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search PPC Guide All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Business News DigitalF5 acquires AdClear; aims at greater market dominance in Delhi Shares0 Mon, 29 May 2017-05:27pm , ANI DigitalF5, the leading digital innovator with vast expertise in the domains of Design and Content, Marketing and Technology, has recently acquired AdClear, a Google Partner Company specializing in the domain of performance digital marketing. Incepted in February 2017, AdClear, despite being a new entrant, has equipped itself with an emphatic understanding of the performance marketing domain and has established a strong foothold in the market of New Delhi. AdClear founder member Ajay Anand?s 14+ years of industry experience and the organization?s domain specific expertise will definitely help to widen the reach of DigitalF5 in New Delhi, where it aims to augment its market share. Ajay Anand, a Google certified professional, GNIIT and an M.B.A from Sikkim Manipal University, has utilized his core technical as well as marketing knowledge impeccably over a vast and illustrious professional career spanning more than 14 years. He has served as Director of Digital Marketing at DAMAC Properties, UAE where he was responsible for the entire digital functioning such as sales channel, lead generation from paid and organic online media, e-commerce, analytics and social content marketing. Prior to that, he served as General Manager- Digital Marketing at Times Internet, the largest online group in India, which deals in a plethora of digital services ranging from online news, e-commerce, music, video, daily deals and location-based services. This role was a huge learning curve for him as he was responsible for the entire SEO, SEM, Mobile App Marketing, App Store Optimization, Web Analytics, Mobile Analytics, Social Media Marketing, Online Media Buying, Affiliate Marketing etc. for various verticals of Times Internet. ?Digital F5 is an established brand with a proven track record and an impressive digital footprint. Furthermore, it brings acceleration to AdClear which is an early stage startup. I am very excited to be a part of Digital F5 and look forward to leading its growth in Delhi,? said Ajay. Post the acquisition, Ajay will be designated as a Founder and Business Head-Delhi and will be one of the partners, the others being Barin Mukherjee and Ravi Dubey, the founders of DigitalF5. ?We believe mutual cooperation and understanding brings out the best results when two solid entities merge and that is exactly what we are looking forward to by joining forces with AdClear. With the clear goal of the next one year being allocated to widen the reach of DigitalF5 in New Delhi, together we will build a talented and efficient team and acquire new business while enhancing our skill and resource strength,? said Ravi Dubey. Some of AdClear?s key clients will also be a part of the acquisition. These include Indian Express, LivPure.in, MyDreamHoliday.in, Cybex.in and Translabinnovations.com. With the coming together of DigitalF5 and AdClear and the accretion of their respective strengths and deep insights, the digital marketing arena can surely expect a major powerhouse in the making. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Business New benchmark bond seen in 6.65-6.75% range Business Nifty band may stretch past 9700 Business Innovating a tech-led approach to realty Business Linde-Praxair deal to stir industrial gases space in India Business CEO's Malaysia experience led to Mercedes-Benz cut price Business Govt moves to get clearer picture of India's job market Related USL to start selling properties previously owned by Vijay Mallya ‘Affordable’ Roberto Cavallis and Louis Vuittons Volkswagen launches premium SUV Tiguan in India Zee Biz Originals View all Wipro chief Premji's salary drops 63% to $1,21,853 in FY17 Lenders have given us time till December, says RCom’s Anil Ambani What will India's FY18 GDP growth look like? GDP disappointed, will GST be a surprise for Indian economy? Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags NEW DELHI Ravi Dubey Times Internet General Manager Sikkim Manipal University UAE Ajay Anand Digital Marketing Affiliate Marketing Cybex Indian Express Social Media Marketing SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Cong leader's organisation to adopt 208 farmer families Reaffirm commitment to nurturing a better planet: PM Suicide attack foiled on CRPF camp, four militants killed Philippines' Duterte faces martial law legal challenge Etihad Airways to suspend flights to and from Qatar from Tuesday Sport Rugby-British and Irish Lions team to play Auckland Blues Soccer-Hazard to miss Belgium matches after fracturing ankle Rugby-O'Driscoll incident back in focus at Blues team naming NBA-James struggles to find any positives after another big defeat Dominic Thiem demolishes Zeballos to march into French Open quarters Entertainment 5 reasons why we love the 'Munna Michael' trailer! 'Wonder Woman' soars with $100.5 million, 'Pirates 5' fizzles out at US box office Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Money Developers hopeful of solar tariff at Rs. 1.5 per unit China stocks fall even as IPO pace cools; Hong Kong also eases Goldman, Nomura heeded warnings before Venezuela bond deal FOREX-Dollar edges away from lows hit on downbeat US jobs data, sterling slips South Korea draws up $10 billion extra budget to create jobs Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home FEATURED Cellphones Notebooks Gaming Tablets Software Google is Letting You Go Personal Right from the Search Engine May 29, 2017, By Sanjeev Ramachandran Share This Related Posts Adobe Scan Lets You Experience Editable PDFs Google Innovates Gboard Yet Again with More Card Carousels, Instant Share Features Google is a universal search engine that can search anything on web. Now, we all know that. But how about having Google search more deeply by stretching its hands inside what’s personal? That’s what Google will be from now on. The search engine has now added a new Personal Tab along with the search results, and these would include results from the searches made on your Gmail account and Photos library. Working in tandem with the existing Maps, News and Images tabs, the Personal tab will put up results from your Google account instead of pulling out things from across the web. Info will be fetched from various Google services including mail, Google+, calendar, Photos etc. from the accounts of the signed-in user. Option to skip the search is also available. By default, you won’t be able to see personal results as these aren’t part of the prime tabs by default. This can be done by simply accessing the ‘More’ option and scrolling down to the bottom. Personal searches are available both on web version as well as mobile version of Google. Clicking on the result will instantly pop up the details and clicking through will take you to the respective service. Say you have clicked an image and this will instantly open the image, while you will be also be given the option to watch it on Google Photos. The service will be available on web as well as mobile web, though the mobile version hasn’t yet shown up the feature. Google hasn’t revealed when exactly the app version would be welcoming the Personal tab. Posted in: Internet, Tech News Related Articles Adobe Scan Lets You Experience Editable PDFs Google Innovates Gboard Yet Again with More Card Carousels, Instant Share Features Nest’s Latest Security Camera Claims to be Smarter than an Average Camera Note 8 to Reportedly Continue the Brilliance of Galaxy S8, but with Betterments Gionee Gives S10 Some Boost with Dual-Cam Setup « Previous Post « Gionee Gives S10 Some Boost with Dual-Cam Setup Next Post » LG Goes for a Makeover with Secondary Displays of its Premium V Series Smartphones » Follow this blog Twitter Facebook RSS Tech Gaming Software Adobe Scan Lets You Experience Editable PDFs Google Innovates Gboard Yet Again with More Card Carousels, Instant Share Features Nest’s Latest Security Camera Claims to be Smarter than an Average Camera Note 8 to Reportedly Continue the Brilliance of Galaxy S8, but with Betterments Google is Letting You Go Personal Right from the Search Engine Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here PlayStation VR Arrives this October as the Cheapest Console VR Sony’s PlayStation Now Services to Hop on to PS3 Consoles Next Week Xbox One April Update to Usher in Voice Message Feature Sony Rolls Out Web-based PlayStation Vue TV Services for PS Devices Adobe Scan Lets You Experience Editable PDFs Microsoft Extends Task-Management App Planner to Smartphone Platforms Google Innovates Gboard Yet Again with More Card Carousels, Instant Share Features Telegram v4.0 Adds a Host of New Features; Video Messages and Payment via Chatbots Microsoft OneNote Embraces Design Overhaul to Ensure Consistency across All Platforms DM on Facebook DM on Twitter Latest Tutorials Here’s How to Track Your Misplaced Smartphone with Alexa Here’s How to Add Self-Made Stickers in iMessage How to Enable Night Mode and Freeform Apps in Android N Create Personalized Emojis in Snapchat; Here’s How News Tips // Getting in Touch Have anything worth reading and writing about it, then why not send us an email to give us more details. We can't promise that everything we get will be on the top page of DeviceMAG, but we can assure you that we'll read all emails. If you want to get in touch here's where to do it: Contact us. The Team What drives us into doing what we do? It’s either passion or need. Here at DeviceMAG we take technology very serious, no matter if it’s a small gadget or a new device on the market. With a passion for everything that gets geeks high we’re here to feed you with the latest news. Read more about us. © 2008-2012 DeviceMag.com - All rights reserved | Privacy Policy
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Mon 5 Jun companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era #dontlookaway icc champions trophy trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL Business Report All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement JUMO: SA technology startup accepted to learn from Google Accelerator Business Report | 29 May 2017, 1:03pm Wesley Diphoko JUMO, a South Africa technology startup,  has been accepted to the 4th class  of the Google Launchpad Accelerator. The Launchpad Accelerator targets growth-stage companies and invites them to their headquarters in Mountain View for work-shops and networking with the Silicon Valley eco-system. A 2-week leadership bootcamp in July is followed by 6 months of mentorship and support designed to help scale businesses. Jumo is the only startup chosen from South Africa to participate in the programme, others include startups in Kenya and Nigeria. JUMO CEO and Founder Andrew Watkins-Ball said, “We are solving a really important problem and it’s exciting when someone like Google takes notice.” Tell a friend Google plans in Africa ((AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) The Launchpad Accelerator, which opened to African countries (Kenya, South Africa, Nigeria) for the first time this year, selects the best emerging market startups via a rigorous application process. In addition to the bootcamp, $50,000 equity-free funding and support and $100,000 worth of Google products, JUMO will benefit from the opportunity to work closely with Google for 6 months. ALSO READ: #GoogleSkills: Tech giant celebrates Africa Day Using behavioural data from mobile usage, JUMO is tackling inequality in relation to access to financial services head on. The company, which launched in 2015, partners with large digital footprint holders such as mobile network operators to deliver a new generation of financial services to customers who need instant access to working capital, savings and other financial services. JUMO is present in all the leading mobile money markets in Sub-Saharan Africa including Kenya, Tanzania, Zambia, Uganda, Rwanda, Ghana with operations support in Cape Town. The company is commencing operations in Asia in Q3 of this year. About Google Launchpad Accelerator Google Launchpad Accelerator leverages all that Google has to offer, to help participating tech companies reach their true potential. Launchpad Accelerator aims to empower companies poised to make a positive impact by supporting them through mentorship and equity-free support. BUSINESS REPORT ONLINE Tell a friend Most Read 1 #CourtneyPieters: ‘He killed her because he didn’t like her’ 2 Zuma challenged to take legal action over Dubai mansion story 3 Raped, then murdered and mutilated 4 'I was there during horrific #LondonAttacks' 5 Body found on Table Mountain is Charlotte Nikoi: Unicef Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI Google’s AlphaGo AI retires after dominating humanity’s best players David Z. Morris, Fortune May 29, 2017 4:00 AM Above: South Korean Go player Lee Sedol begins the third game in a five-game match against Google's AlphaGo in Seoul on March 12. Image Credit: Google AlphaGo, the A.I. that has consistently defeated the world’s greatest human Go players over the last two years, is retiring from the game. The robo-grandmaster will go out on top, after defeating China’s Ke Jie, the world’s top-ranked player. The team behind AlphaGo, part of Google’s DeepMind unit, say they still plan to publish an academic paper detailing what building the A.I. has taught them, as well as working on tools to teach humans to become better Go players. But AlphaGo itself “is stepping back from competitive play,” and the team behind it will now largely shift towards using A.I. to solve problems in health, energy, or other fields. AlphaGo has little left to prove. In discussing his recent defeat, Jie described AlphaGo as “the God of Go,” while fellow professional player Shi Yue described the program’s play as “how I imagine games from far in the future.” If history is any indicator, none of this will stop humans from trying to get better at Go. After IBM’s Deep Blue defeated world chess champion Gary Kasparov in 1997, it revealed new insights to human players, and chess is now as popular as it ever was. Jie’s unconventional moves against AlphaGo showed early signs that something similar could happen with Go. Despite those silver linings, AlphaGo’s rapid ascent must also be seen as ominous. Many felt that Go, with its strategic subtlety and massive number of possible board states, would prove a bulwark against the encroachment of computers on human abilities. But AlphaGo’s defiance of those expectations sends a clear message: no skill or job can be considered truly insulated from the impacts of artificial intelligence. This story originally appeared on Fortune.com. Copyright 2017 VB Recommendations IBM Research creates a groundbreaking 5-nanometer chip Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad?
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture This handy tool makes discovering beautiful Google fonts simple by Matthew Hughes — in Design & Dev 778 shares An often overlooked Google product is Google Fonts. Not only do these look great and speed up the Internet, but they’re also completely free. The only downside is picking one to use in your next project. Better Google Font Finder, by San Francisco-based product designer Mattthew, aims to make that significantly easier, by offering you an interactive guide to the fonts on offer. There’s a lot I like about this site. First, it lets you evaluate fonts with either boilerplate text, or your own copy. But it’s also eminently approachable, and has a visual approach. It lets you filter fonts based on what they look like, and not whether they’re a ‘serif’ or ‘sans-serif’ or whatever. Credit: Screenshot The Google Fonts catalog is massive — over 800 fonts, in total. Better Google Font Finder only covers 70 specifically selected examples, although on Product Hunt, the developer suggested he’s open to expanding the service to cover those left out. You can check out Better Google Font Finder here, and read about it on Product Hunt here. Read next: New exoskeleton stops elderly from falling over GoogleInsights Share on Facebook (275) Share on Twitter (332) Matthew Hughes is a reporter from Liverpool. Happy to hear your thoughts on matthughes@thenextweb.com or @matthewhughes on Twitter. Matthew Hughes is a journalist from Liverpool, England. His interests include security, startups, food, and storytelling. Follow him on Twitter. Contact Mail Tweet Location Liverpool Posts 561 Posts / mo. 53.97   All posts by Matthew > The latest articles around Google How Google is gearing up to destroy shitty ads in Chrome Abhimanyu Ghoshal Meet Google's ambitious (and ludicrously expensive) new London headquarters Matthew Hughes Google's new free course could help you land a sweet gig localizing apps Matthew Hughes Here's some more distraction Xbox Game Pass isn't the Netflix of anything Tristan Greene Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson Lyft bests Uber (and others) in latest diversity report Rachel Kaser Donuts delivered via drone is the future we all imagined Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended Semantic banks and why you shouldn't be scared of the financial future Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Understand data science with access to dozens of cool courses - for less than $40 TNW Deals 2 Add Python to your web programming arsenal with this complete learning package TNW Deals Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 Finding the right community can help your creativity Jory MacKay 2 Add Python to your web programming arsenal with this complete learning package TNW Deals 3 3 powerful ways to hack your life, find focus, and get more done Rebekah Radice 4 Stop trying to ‘be original’ and strive to be prolific instead Chris Smith 5 The Importance Of Stand-Up Desks In Start-Ups Robert Hellson Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: INDYTech Google Chrome redesign: How to get the new layout early Chrome Canary is an 'experimental' version of Google's popular browser / REUTERS/Stephen Lam The company has made a number of sensible design tweaks, considering the size of modern handsets Aatif Sulleyman Monday 29 May 2017 11:31 BST Click to follow The Independent Tech Google has redesigned the Chrome app, and Android users can test its new layout now. The company has tweaked the browser’s user interface, making its core features easier to access. The address bar has been moved from the top of the screen to the bottom, which is a sensible switch considering that’s where your thumbs naturally rest when you hold a smartphone. With phone displays seemingly getting larger and larger by the year, making the top of the screen harder to reach, it’s likely that the bottom of your phone will be home to the address bar for the considerable future. Google has also created the Chrome Home Expand Button, an arrow key you can tap for fast access to your favourite websites and news stories Google think you’ll be interested in. While the brand new layout hasn’t made it to the Chrome app as an official update yet, you can try out the new features early with Chrome Canary, as spotted by Stadt Bremerhaven. It’s an “experimental” version of the browser that offers early access to Chrome’s newest features before they actually arrive on Chrome. However, it’s targeted mainly at developers and can be unstable. Once you’ve downloaded it, you’ll need to type chrome://flags/#enable-chrome-home into the address bar. Gadgets and tech news in pictures + show all Gadgets and tech news in pictures 1/43 Designed by Pierpaolo Lazzarini from Italian company Jet Capsule. The I.F.O. is fuelled by eight electric engines, which is able to push the flying object to an estimated top speed of about 120mph. Jet Capsule/Cover Images 2/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 3/43 A humanoid robot gestures during a demo at a stall in the Indian Machine Tools Expo, IMTEX/Tooltech 2017 held in Bangalore Getty Images 4/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 5/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 6/43 The giant human-like robot bears a striking resemblance to the military robots starring in the movie 'Avatar' and is claimed as a world first by its creators from a South Korean robotic company Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 7/43 Engineers test a four-metre-tall humanoid manned robot dubbed Method-2 in a lab of the Hankook Mirae Technology in Gunpo, south of Seoul, South Korea Jung Yeon-Je/AFP/Getty Images 8/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi Rex 9/43 Waseda University's saxophonist robot WAS-5, developed by professor Atsuo Takanishi and Kaptain Rock playing one string light saber guitar perform jam session Rex 10/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway resembling the giant panda is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 11/43 A test line of a new energy suspension railway, resembling a giant panda, is seen in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China Reuters 12/43 A concept car by Trumpchi from GAC Group is shown at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Rex 13/43 A Mirai fuel cell vehicle by Toyota is displayed at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 14/43 A visitor tries a Nissan VR experience at the International Automobile Exhibition in Guangzhou, China Reuters 15/43 A man looks at an exhibit entitled 'Mimus' a giant industrial robot which has been reprogrammed to interact with humans during a photocall at the new Design Museum in South Kensington, London Getty 16/43 A new Israeli Da-Vinci unmanned aerial vehicle manufactured by Elbit Systems is displayed during the 4th International conference on Home Land Security and Cyber in the Israeli coastal city of Tel Aviv Getty 17/43 Electrification Guru Dr. Wolfgang Ziebart talks about the electric Jaguar I-PACE concept SUV before it was unveiled before the Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S Reuters 18/43 The Jaguar I-PACE Concept car is the start of a new era for Jaguar. This is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, which will be revealed next year and on the road in 2018 AP 19/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's CEO Kazuya Kanemaru poses with his company's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' and other robots during a demonstration in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 20/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' Reuters 21/43 Japan's On-Art Corp's eight metre tall dinosaur-shaped mechanical suit robot 'TRX03' performs during its unveiling in Tokyo, Japan Reuters 22/43 Singulato Motors co-founder and CEO Shen Haiyin poses in his company's concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 23/43 The interior of Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 24/43 Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 Reuters 25/43 A picture shows Singulato Motors' concept car Tigercar P0 at a workshop in Beijing, China Reuters 26/43 Connected company president Shigeki Tomoyama addresses a press briefing as he elaborates on Toyota's "connected strategy" in Tokyo. The Connected company is a part of seven Toyota in-house companies that was created in April 2016 Getty 27/43 A Toyota Motors employee demonstrates a smartphone app with the company's pocket plug-in hybrid (PHV) service on the cockpit of the latest Prius hybrid vehicle during Toyota's "connected strategy" press briefing in Tokyo Getty 28/43 An exhibitor charges the battery cells of AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 29/43 A robot with a touch-screen information apps stroll down the pavillon at the Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 30/43 An exhibitor demonstrates the AnyWalker, an ultra-mobile chasis robot which is able to move in any kind of environment during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 31/43 Robotic fishes swim in a water glass tank displayed at the Korea pavillon during Singapore International Robo Expo Getty 32/43 An employee shows a Samsung Electronics' Gear S3 Classic during Korea Electronics Show 2016 in Seoul, South Korea Reuters 33/43 Visitors experience Samsung Electronics' Gear VR during the Korea Electronics Grand Fair at an exhibition hall in Seoul, South Korea Getty 34/43 Amy Rimmer, Research Engineer at Jaguar Land Rover, demonstrates the car manufacturer's Advanced Highway Assist in a Range Rover, which drives the vehicle, overtakes and can detect vehicles in the blind spot, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 35/43 Chris Burbridge, Autonomous Driving Software Engineer for Tata Motors European Technical Centre, demonstrates the car manufacturer's GLOSA V2X functionality, which is connected to the traffic lights and shares information with the driver, during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA wire 36/43 Ford EEBL Emergency Electronic Brake Lights is demonstrated during the first demonstrations of the UK Autodrive Project at HORIBA MIRA Proving Ground in Nuneaton, Warwickshire PA 37/43 Full-scale model of 'Kibo' on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan EPA 38/43 Miniatures on display at the Space Dome exhibition hall of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) Tsukuba Space Center, in Tsukuba, north-east of Tokyo, Japan. In its facilities, JAXA develop satellites and analyse their observation data, train astronauts for utilization in the Japanese Experiment Module 'Kibo' of the International Space Station (ISS) and develop launch vehicles EPA 39/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to the music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight. At this biennial event, the participating companies exhibit their latest service robotic technologies and components Getty 40/43 The robot developed by Seed Solutions sings and dances to music during the Japan Robot Week 2016 at Tokyo Big Sight Getty 41/43 Government and industry are working together on a robot-like autopilot system that could eliminate the need for a second human pilot in the cockpit AP 42/43 Aurora Flight Sciences' technicians work on an Aircrew Labor In-Cockpit Automantion System (ALIAS) device in the firm's Centaur aircraft at Manassas Airport in Manassas, Va. AP 43/43 Flight Simulator Stefan Schwart and Udo Klingenberg preparing a self-built flight simulator to land at Hong Kong airport, from Rostock, Germany EPA This will open up a list, with Chrome Home Android and Chrome Home Expand Button Android right at the very top. Switching both of these from Default to Enabled will prompt Chrome Canary to relaunch itself, after which you’ll be able to try out Chrome’s new user interface. If you don’t like the new layout but want to continue using Chrome Canary, you can always switch back by repeating the steps above and switching from Enabled to Disabled. More about: Google Google Chrome Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Mumbai Rains #Champions Trophy #Priyanka Chopra #Mumbai Crime #Baywatch #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election Sports IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news Crime News National MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election TOP STORIES Pakistan woman guns down husband for sexually abusing daughter-in-law Miracle in Mumbai: Girl crossing tracks gets run over by train, survives ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Navi Mumbai headless torso Devendra Fadnavis BMC Narendra Modi SPORTS IPL News Cricket Football MORE IN SPORTS IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Champions Trophy: India defeat Pakistan by 124 runs via D/L method India vs Pakistan: Virat Kohli has a 'good headache' to deal with ToPICs IPL News Virat Kohli MS Dhoni Virender Sehwag Manchester United Yuvraj Singh Life & style Horoscope Dr.Love Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES These are the Mumbai peeps you should go to when you want something quirky Here's why chef Gaggan Anand is shutting down Asia's best restaurant ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Television Hollywood MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema TOP STORIES Bollywood's fittest moms reveal their secret to stay in shape Salman Khan was asked why he still lives in a flat. His response is a must-read ToPICs Karan Johar Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Life and style News Technology News PrevNext Google Play Music offers 120 days' free subscription By IANS | San Francisco | Posted 29-May-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ San Francisco: Google is offering a four-month free subscription on its music streaming service Google Play Music for new subscribers, allowing users to scan up to 50,000 songs from their music library. Typically, Google offers a 90-day free trial when a user signs up, but the offer has been extended by one month, the Verge reported on Sunday. Users can listen to custom radio stations on their computer or mobile device using Google Play Music service. However, users who use the free service face ads on their app, unlike those subscribers who pay around $10. Such users can also listen to over 35 million songs, download music to listen offline, and get access to YouTube Red. Though Google has offered similar deals in the past, it was not clear how long the deal would remain active. Download the new mid-day android app to get updates on all the latest and trending stories on the go https://goo.gl/8Xlcvr Tags: Google Google Play Music music streaming service Google music library lifestyle tech lifestyle news tech news Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Previous StoryThis Indian ethical hacker could have travelled the world for freeNext Story Tech: Panasonic launches Eluga I3 Mega smartphone with 4,000mAh battery Related Stories Google doodle celebrates Bollywood actress Nutan's birth anniversary Bollywood News | 04-Jun-2017 Now, Mumbai Metro details available on Google Maps National News | 02-Jun-2017 Now, Mumbai Metro details available on Google Maps National News | 02-Jun-2017 Champions Trophy 2017 gets a super cool Google Doodle Cricket News | 01-Jun-2017 Now 'Judy' malware infects 36.5 mn Android phones globally National News | 29-May-2017 Google Android OS installed on 2 billion active devices Technology News | 18-May-2017 You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Watch Video: Bollywood celebrities who got secretly married Bollywood News|04-Jun-2017 'Pardes Mein Hai Mera Dil' actor Arjun Bijlani hospitalised Television News|03-Jun-2017 'O Jejus!' These bizarre photos of Rakhi Sawant will make you cringe Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Jiah Khan's death anniversary: 28 celebs who died young Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 When exes Shahid and Kareena were at the same place, same time Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Deepika Padukone looks hot flaunting her toned legs in high heels Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Mumbai: 20-year-old tortured till she miscarried baby girl National News|03-Jun-2017 Katrina reveals her feelings of reuniting with Salman after 5 years Bollywood News|03-Jun-2017 Rakhi Sawant in trouble again, non-bailable warrant issued in Valmiki case National News|02-Jun-2017 Sanath Jayasuriya's sex tape with ex Maleeka Sirisena leaked! Cricket News|02-Jun-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Next change: Hindustan Columnists News|2 hours Pakistan woman guns down husband for sexually abusing daughter-in-law Crime News|1 hour Mumbai: Cop holds on to thief despite getting punched in the ear Crime News|2 hours Salman Khan: Failure in personal relationships is the loveliest thing ever Bollywood News|2 hours BSEB Result 2017: Bihar Board 12th Result on May 30, check biharboard.ac.in Board Exam Result News|29-May-2017 Babri Masjid demolition case: CBI court grants bail to L K Advani and 5 others National News|30-May-2017 CBSE 10th Result 2017: CBSE Results 2017 on June 3; check cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|02-Jun-2017 Special Air India flight ferries bodies of Uttarakhand bus crash victims to Indo National News|25-May-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
Weekly Broker Update - Ted Baker (LON:TED) Taylor Wimpey (LON:TW) Recent Analyst Updates Recent Broker Updates On Tate & Lyle (LON:TATE) What Do Analysts Think Of Tarsus Group (LON:TRS) This Week? Weekly Broker Update - Taptica International (DI) (LON:TAP) Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Mon, May 29th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Brian Radcliffe Should You Buy Or Sell Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) On Analyst Concensus? A number of investment brokers have recently updated their price targets on shares of Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG). Most recent broker ratings 05/23/2017 – Google Inc. had its “outperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Wells Fargo. They now have a USD 1150 price target on the stock. 05/23/2017 – Google Inc. had its “overweight” rating reiterated by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a USD 1050 price target on the stock. 05/22/2017 – Google Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Deutsche Bank. They now have a USD 1250 price target on the stock. 05/22/2017 – Google Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Aegis Capital. 05/19/2017 – Google Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Jefferies. They now have a USD 1200 price target on the stock. 05/19/2017 – Google Inc. had its “overweight” rating reiterated by analysts at Piper Jaffray. They now have a USD 1050 price target on the stock. 05/18/2017 – Google Inc. had its “outperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Robert W. Baird. They now have a USD 1100 price target on the stock. 05/12/2017 – Google Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at UBS. They now have a USD 1050 price target on the stock. 05/08/2017 – Google Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at MKM Partners. They now have a USD 1170 price target on the stock. 04/28/2017 – Google Inc. had its “outperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Oppenheimer. They now have a USD 1050 price target on the stock. 04/28/2017 – Google Inc. had its “underperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Wedbush. They now have a USD 725 price target on the stock. 04/28/2017 – Google Inc. had its “market perform” rating reiterated by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a USD 970 price target on the stock. 04/28/2017 – Google Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Needham & Company. They now have a USD 1050 price target on the stock. 04/28/2017 – Google Inc. had its “outperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Credit Suisse. They now have a USD 1150 price target on the stock. 04/28/2017 – Google Inc. had its “outperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Cowen. They now have a USD 1075 price target on the stock. The share price of Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) was up +0.20% during the last day of trading, with a day high of 974.98. 1252010 shares were traded during the last session. The stock’s 50 day moving average is 897.95 and its 200 day moving average is 828.19. The stock’s market capitalization is 672.01B. Google Inc. has a 52-week low of 663.28 and a 52-week high of 974.98. Alphabet Inc. is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc. (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. The Google segment is engaged in advertising, sales of digital content, applications and cloud offerings, and sales of hardware products. The Other Bets segment is engaged in the sales of Internet and television services through Google Fiber, sales of Nest products and services, and licensing and research and development (R&D) services through Verily. It offers Google Assistant, which allows users to type or talk with Google; Google Maps, which helps users navigate to a store, and Google Photos, which helps users store and organize all of their photos. More from Reuters » Receive Google Inc. News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Google Inc. with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Weekly Broker Update – Ted Baker (LON:TED) Taylor Wimpey (LON:TW) Recent Analyst Updates Recent Broker Updates On Tate & Lyle (LON:TATE) What Do Analysts Think Of Tarsus Group (LON:TRS) This Week? Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
Weekly Broker Update - Ted Baker (LON:TED) Taylor Wimpey (LON:TW) Recent Analyst Updates Recent Broker Updates On Tate & Lyle (LON:TATE) What Do Analysts Think Of Tarsus Group (LON:TRS) This Week? Weekly Broker Update - Taptica International (DI) (LON:TAP) Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Mon, May 29th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Brian Radcliffe New Analyst Ratings On Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Recently stock market analysts have updated their consensus ratings on shares of Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Most recent broker ratings 05/23/2017 – Google Inc. had its “outperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Wells Fargo. They now have a USD 1150 price target on the stock. 05/23/2017 – Google Inc. had its “overweight” rating reiterated by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a USD 1050 price target on the stock. 05/22/2017 – Google Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Deutsche Bank. They now have a USD 1250 price target on the stock. 05/22/2017 – Google Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Aegis Capital. They now have a USD 1090 price target on the stock. 05/20/2017 – Google Inc. had its “overweight” rating reiterated by analysts at Piper Jaffray. 05/19/2017 – Google Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Jefferies. They now have a USD 1200 price target on the stock. 05/12/2017 – Google Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at UBS. They now have a USD 1050 price target on the stock. 05/10/2017 – Google Inc. had its “outperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Robert W. Baird. They now have a USD 1100 price target on the stock. 05/08/2017 – Google Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at MKM Partners. They now have a USD 1170 price target on the stock. 04/28/2017 – Google Inc. had its “outperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Oppenheimer. They now have a USD 1050 price target on the stock. 04/28/2017 – Google Inc. had its “underperform” rating reiterated by analysts at Wedbush. They now have a USD 725 price target on the stock. 04/28/2017 – Google Inc. had its “market perform” rating reiterated by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a USD 970 price target on the stock. 04/28/2017 – Google Inc. had its “hold” rating reiterated by analysts at Pivotal Research. They now have a USD 990 price target on the stock. 04/28/2017 – Google Inc. had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at Monness Crespi & Hardt. They now have a USD 1050 price target on the stock. 04/28/2017 – Google Inc. had its “positive” rating reiterated by analysts at Susquehanna. They now have a USD 1200 price target on the stock. Google Inc. has a 50 day moving average of 918.17 and a 200 day moving average of 847.92. The stock’s market capitalization is 687.09B, it has a 52-week low of 672.66 and a 52-week high of 996.39. The share price of the company (NASDAQ:GOOGL) was up +0.14% during the last trading session, with a high of 996.39 and the volume of Google Inc. shares traded was 1636416. Alphabet Inc. is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc. (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. The Google segment is engaged in advertising, sales of digital content, applications and cloud offerings, and sales of hardware products. The Other Bets segment is engaged in the sales of Internet and television services through Google Fiber, sales of Nest products and services, and licensing and research and development (R&D) services through Verily. It offers Google Assistant, which allows users to type or talk with Google; Google Maps, which helps users navigate to a store, and Google Photos, which helps users store and organize all of their photos. More from Reuters » Receive Google Inc. News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Google Inc. with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Weekly Broker Update – Ted Baker (LON:TED) Taylor Wimpey (LON:TW) Recent Analyst Updates Recent Broker Updates On Tate & Lyle (LON:TATE) What Do Analysts Think Of Tarsus Group (LON:TRS) This Week? Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
Search Home News Inside News Manchester attack: 16 people still in detention A week following the attacks in Manchester, police have detained 16 people between Britain and Libya in connection to the attack. SACP to protest in Bloem against Walusz' parole N.Korea fires missile into Japanese waters Top SA News SACP to protest in Bloem against Walusz' parole Zuma survives ANC confidence vote Guptas dismiss leaked email reports as false ANC NEC propose discussion for leadership race Leaked Gupta mails reveal link to state capture Recall of Zuma not on ANC NEC agenda Explosives found inside car of Benoni suspects Top World News Manchester attack: 16 people still in detention N.Korea fires missile into Japanese waters Trump girds for defense in Russia row 2000 trapped as fighting rages in Philippines Sri Lanka's worst flood in a decade; 146 dead 6 suspected militants killed near Indian border Two more arrests over Manchester attack Business Inside Business Investment for high net-worth market Successful investment company specialising in alternative investments is opening its doors to investors from the high net-worth market. Hopes of 'Trump-o-nomics' Total stands by new production Get Business Insurance Top SA Business News Investment for high net-worth market Hopes of 'Trump-o-nomics' Total stands by new production Permission required before you build Consequences of flexible working hours DStv agrees to pay R22m penalty Interest rates remain at current level Top World Business News Hopes of 'Trump-o-nomics' Total stands by new production Jump in renewable energy jobs worldwide Top Personal Finance News Investment for high net-worth market Petrol price to kick in at midnight Common myths about life insurance Sport Inside Sport South Africa pursue great obsession SA's quest for major international cricket trophy has become an obsession for ODI captain AB de Villiers to put his Test career on hold. Lions hooker in hot water Nadal and Djokovic: French Open assaults Top Rugby Headlines Lions hooker in hot water Kings no match for Lions Highlanders to test unbeaten Crusaders Top Cricket Headlines South Africa pursue great obsession Levi taken to hospital Sri Lanka hope for Malinga magic Top Football Headlines Costa will only leave for Atletico Messi magic inspires Barca Wenger in the dark Other Sports Nadal and Djokovic: French Open assaults Kerber suffers historic loss Kvitova wins 'twice' on return Motoring Inside Motoring Latest News New Models Road Tests Features Formula 1 Sign up for our Motoring Newsletter! Save on car Insurance Cape Town vs. JHB traffic fine penalitiesDue to crackdowns on province-specific road accident issues, various local governments deal with lawbreakers in different ways. Car wars: Trump-Germany salvo raises fears Police raid Daimler in fraud probe US sues Fiat Chrysler over cheating Entertain Inside Entertain Celeb News Movies Music Get More Sign up for our Entertain newsletter! Rock trailblazer Gregg Allman diesGregg Allman, co-founder of the Allman Brothers Band and trailblazer in Southern rock music, has died at the age of 69. And the 2017 SAMA winners are... Grande plans show for Manchester victims Winners at the 2017 Cannes film fest... Lifestyle Inside Lifestyle Food Love & Sex Wellness & Psychology His Life Her Life Fashion & Beauty Parenting Get Life Insurance City living can cause mental illness in teensTeens living in cities could be at a greater risk of experiencing psychotic episodes than those in more rural areas. The 'fidget spinner' has teachers into a tizzy Study shows teasing leads to obesity Five ways to beat headaches naturally Cooltech Inside Cooltech News Gadgets Games Features Apps of the Week Viral Videos Sign up for our Cooltech Newsletter! Google Play Music offers free 4-month trialHave you heard about Google Play Music? It’s the tech giant’s own attempt at a low-cost audio streaming on mobile devices. Upcoming video games for May 30 and beyond These Aussie Pokémon are awesome Uber integrates Snapchat for in-cab fun Travel Inside Travel Travel News Flights Explore SA Beyond SA Accommodation Competitions Departure Lounge Bushmeat hunting threatens Okavango tourismThe threat posed by illegal bushmeat hunting to the Okavango Delta’s tourism industry has been exposed in a recently published report. Build your own luxury yacht online Massive shark leaps into fisherman's boat US returns ancient artifacts to Italy Dating Win Tools Get more Weather Newsletters Lotto RSS Feeds Fax2Email Save on your insurance!Are you covered? Compare quotes for car, life and business insurance right now! Going somewhere? Search and book the cheapest flights right now  Need a place to stay? Find and book your accommodation online today What's in the stars for you today? Get your daily horoscope here Jobs Facebook Twitter   iafrica.com Only the good stuff Get Insurance Quotes Are you covered? Compare quotes for car, life and business insurance right now! Fax2Email Sign up for your free fax number and get faxes sent to your inbox! Google Play Music offers free 4-month trial Article By: Mikail BakerMon, 29 May 2017 12:01 PM Share Your Email A pair of headphones. Credit: Freeimages     Have you heard about Google Play Music? It’s the tech giant’s own attempt at a low-cost audio streaming on mobile devices, rivalling Apple Music, Spotify and the like. Like Apple Music, it’s available on both Android and iOS, meaning that you can use your account on all your devices. Google Play Music’s extensive catalogue features more than 35-million tracks, as well as a selection of radio stations and curated playlists. While a free version is already available, it lacks several of the ‘Unlimited’ version’s premium features. Most notably, the free version is peppered with ads. Google is, however, offering you the opportunity to try the Unlimited service out for a whole four months, free of charge. It’s a great way to test drive the app before you commit to its R59,99 monthly fee. That’s exactly the same as Apple Music – so which one should you choose? At the end of the day, it’s all up to you. Apple has the iTunes pedigree, and that might just give it the edge. Related Articles A TV license for your smartphone? Illegal streaming 'kingpin' jailed Is Spotify working on a mysterious connected device? Netflix growth misses 100 million mark Vimeo catches up with 360 video Read More GOOGLE ANDROID APPLE TECH ENTERTAINMENT MUSIC Comments Please Note By commenting on this article, you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the iafrica.com comments system. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus In Focus Today News Business Sport Kenya unveils first railroad in 100 years Kenya is set to begin work on its first railway in over 100 years. The Chinese-built route will be an attempt to cement a link to East Africa and secure... Read more › Investment for high net-worth market Successful investment company specialising in alternative investments is opening its doors to investors from the high net-worth market. Read more › South Africa pursue great obsession SA's quest for major international cricket trophy has become an obsession for ODI captain AB de Villiers to put his Test career on hold. Read more › Sponsored Links Wine Of The Week Work Money Smarter Save on insurance Dating Women Men Search Find love now. Join for free! iafrica on Facebook Subscribe to our Newsletters Your Daily News Get daily local and international News, Sport and Business highlights to your inbox. The Tech Set Tech savvy geeks and normal peeps chomp at the bits (pun intended) for their weekly fix! The Spotlight All the hottest Entertainment News from around the globe in your inbox every week. The Good Life Get your weekly Lifestyle highlights sent straight to your inbox. Go Full Throttle! Rev those engines and subscribe to the Full Throttle weekly motoring newsletter. Travel Bug! All the latest Travel News in your inbox every week. Yes No Do you wish to receive promotions from our partners? Home Contact Feedback Advertising Services About us Newsletters Mobi site Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions DMMA ADTECH © Copyright 2002-2017 iafrica.com
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter cricket soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Cricket County cricket live blog County cricket: Sangakkara falls 16 short of record sixth consecutive century – as it happened All the action from round the grounds as there were wins for Glamorgan and Kent, and Kumar Sangakkara missed out on a record-equalling century in Surrey’s draw with Essex Updated Kumar Sangakkara is looking to become only the fourth man ever to get six straight tons in first-class cricket. Photograph: Nick Wood/Getty Images Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Will Macpherson at Chelmsford Monday 29 May 2017 13.35 EDT First published on Monday 29 May 2017 06.06 EDT Key events Show 1.35pm EDT 13:35 That's all folks! 1.12pm EDT 13:12 Glamorgan win! 11.51am EDT 11:51 Match drawn! 11.45am EDT 11:45 SANGAKKARA GOES FOR 84! 10.36am EDT 10:36 Covers coming off! 10.31am EDT 10:31 Toby Roland-Jones has a wicket at Lord's! 10.15am EDT 10:15 Bad light stops play with Sanga 79 not out! Tea. Live feed Show 1.35pm EDT 13:35 That's all folks! Wow. Another great round of action. What a shame that Sanga didn’t do it, but what a pleasure to watch him bat as much as I have over the last 10 days. Don’t bet against him scoring six at some stage this season... He has eight more games, so there’s always a chance. Anyway. There were two big results in Div Two today, as Kent thrashed Sussex and Glamorgan pulled off a superb chase against Durham to record their first win of the season. Durham’s wait must go on. A word for Paul Collingwood, who declared eight short of becoming the first man to score twin tons for Durham, all in a game that saw him turn 41 on the opening day. Mad scenes. Results: Essex draw with Surrey Glamorgan beat Durham by three wickets Kent beat Sussex by 147 runs I will be back on Friday! I’ll be at my first ever Roses match, which should be fun. Looking forward to it – speak then! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.18pm EDT 13:18 Crunch County Championship (@CountyChamp) GLAMORGAN WIN A THRILLER Selman smashes 6️⃣, 6️⃣, 2️⃣ off the final over to secure @GlamCricket the victory pic.twitter.com/CpohCybNF5 May 29, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.12pm EDT 13:12 Glamorgan win! Selman goes six, six, two to finish with 116 and steer Glamorgan to a brilliant three wicket win! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.05pm EDT 13:05 Nick Selman has a ton! 16 required off eight... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.01pm EDT 13:01 24 required from 12 balls... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.59pm EDT 12:59 Bragg goes to Coughlin! Can Durham win? They need three. Glamorgan need 25 from 14. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.54pm EDT 12:54 Coughlin gets Cooke! Durham need four wickets. Glamorgan need 29. 21 balls remain, and Selman has 91! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.37pm EDT 12:37 Wonderful tweet, this. 65 required from 42 balls... Durham CCC 🏏 (@DurhamCricket) Unlucky for Harding as Cooke slightly miscues a drive but it goes back over his head for six. 197/5 #GLAvDUR May 29, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.28pm EDT 12:28 Ingram goes! 181 for five. Harding has four. Glamorgan need 85 from 9.3; Durham need five wickets! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.23pm EDT 12:23 Ingram is teeing off! Four, four, six off Pringle! 92 required off 63, and Selman is well set on 62. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.15pm EDT 12:15 So Glamorgan are having a look! They need 123 from 13.3... I have to write Sanga’s FAILURE up but will try to keep you posted on what’s going on in Swansea. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.54am EDT 11:54 Here’s the wicket. Smart catch by the fun-ruining Westley. Essex Cricket (@EssexCricket) WICKET | Here is that Sangakkara dismissal as Westley takes a good catch off his own bowling. Rampaul the next man. #ESSvSUR pic.twitter.com/vSy2kHpcrW May 29, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.51am EDT 11:51 Match drawn! Harmer is cut through point for foiur and that is that! Match drawn. 11 points each. Surrey declare on 260 for nine. 242 ahead and Essex are quite happy with that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.50am EDT 11:50 Virdi’s just pumped Harmer down the ground for four. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.49am EDT 11:49 Rampaul rather unconvincingly survives the over ... and we are two minutes away from a possible handshake. I’m feeling a bit sad and a bit guilty. Don’t think it was my fault, but it might have been. Was a very tame end, but only Sangakkara really seemed to realise or think he was out. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.48am EDT 11:48 Vithushan (@Vitu_E) Westley bowls, Sanga drives... caught and bowled. He's out. 84. It's over #SangaSix pic.twitter.com/tPzg7t7AN9 May 29, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.46am EDT 11:46 Well OBOing it went well, anyway. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.45am EDT 11:45 SANGAKKARA GOES FOR 84! 75th over: Surrey 252 for nine (Sangakkara 84, Virdi 0) More Westley. They actually could bring a seamer on now. A cut from Sanga fails, and the fielder comes in a little bit. Oh my word he’s out! He’s tried to pop it down the ground and take on but has hit it too close to Westley and been pretty well caught and bowled half-diving to his right! Goes for 84. Sixteen runs short! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.42am EDT 11:42 74th over: Surrey 252 for eight (Sangakkara 84, Virdi 0) Sangakkara pats Harmer back to him, then searches for four on the sweep. Find the man at 45. Then drives to cover, and turns into the legside. No run. Two balls left. He takes the single to long-on. 84. Virdi with one to survive, and he does, but only just. From round the wicket, Harmer beats him prodding forward and Foster whips the bails off. Neil Mallender has no interest in that appeal. The light is fab, by the way. Best it’s been since lunch. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.37am EDT 11:37 Takes one to long-off. 17 required. Virdi with two balls from Westley’s vicious offies to survive. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.36am EDT 11:36 Late cut for two! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.36am EDT 11:36 He’s turning down singles! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.35am EDT 11:35 Virdi survives a dot ball from Harmer. Sanga is 20 short, the field is spread, and Tom Westley is going to bowl. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.34am EDT 11:34 Wicket! Meaker has been bowled round his legs by Harmer! Full on leg stump, and he’s been bowled. Here comes Amar Virdi. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.31am EDT 11:31 The light is actually a bit better now. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.30am EDT 11:30 Four byes! Meaker leaves a third ball outside off, it hits a footmark and balloons over Foster for four byes. Anyway, Sanga is on strike. Harmer to bowl. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.29am EDT 11:29 Short run up and, shall we say, a loosener outside off-stump for Wagner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.27am EDT 11:27 Glamorgan have lost their second, with Pringle getting Salter. #HandshakeWatch Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.23am EDT 11:23 Restart at 4.30pm! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.11am EDT 11:11 This is a very good point. There is a set of floodlights that aren’t working which, frankly, is absolutely village. Annie (@AnnieCricket) @willis_macp .Or can someone repair the floodlight at Chelmsford that is not working . Abomination May 29, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.04am EDT 11:04 Sanga is sat on the balcony chatting to his team-mates. He is still wearing his helmet. His wife and two kids are here, which is nice. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.03am EDT 11:03 Umpires have had a look, don’t think they are rushing out. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.45am EDT 10:45 Highlights! Sussex CCC (@SussexCCC) 🎥 WATCH: Highlights from Day Three of Sussex's @CountyChamp clash against @kentcricket ➡️ https://t.co/HkKI93T5DS #GOSBTS #SussexFamily May 29, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.44am EDT 10:44 A wicket on the stroke of tea at Swansea, as Harding the debutant gets Rudolph. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.44am EDT 10:44 And we are going off again... Light not rain. It doesn’t look any worse to be. But I would say that. AGONISING Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.43am EDT 10:43 Right, players back out. Meaker to face four more balls of Wagner’s over. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.38am EDT 10:38 Restart in eight minutes. We have lost three overs. Result not going to happen... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.36am EDT 10:36 Not much doing at Swansea, I’m afraid. Heading for 5pm handshakes I reckon. Four minutes til tea there. Glam need 229, Durham need 10. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.36am EDT 10:36 Covers coming off! And play to resume! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.33am EDT 10:33 Umpires coming out to have a look, and I suspect we will be back underway soon. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.32am EDT 10:32 Yes Marcos! England Cricket (@englandcricket) WICKET! First wicket in international cricket for @tobyrj21 as Amla drags on. SA 95-1 #ENGvSA More video: https://t.co/ydZRMnJFJ3 pic.twitter.com/Aa5CRMTbAt May 29, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.31am EDT 10:31 Toby Roland-Jones has a wicket at Lord's! He’s one of our own, one of our own. That Roland-Jones etc etc It’s a gooden! Amla. Follow here, with Simon, but don’t leave me behind! England v South Africa: third ODI – live! Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.25am EDT 10:25 Meaker, by the way, has done a brilliant job as Sanga’s partner. He’s got 24, hitting out occasionally, but just picking off singles. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.24am EDT 10:24 Covers are coming on here, but the radar doesn’t look as bad as it did earlier. Will be back on, I’m sure. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.15am EDT 10:15 Bad light stops play with Sanga 79 not out! Tea. Wagner digs on in at Meaker, who ducks into it a touch, and it hits him on the head. For that reason, we are going off for an early tea for bad light. Surrey are 229 ahead, and Sanga has 79. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.12am EDT 10:12 Every man but the bowler, Wagner, and the keeper, Foster, now on the fence. It’s dark. Sanga takes a single and gets to 79. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.10am EDT 10:10 Edges wide of slip, they run two, he has 77. Drives through cover, they take one. He has 78. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.08am EDT 10:08 Lights fired up here. Meaker just pinched the strike again! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.04am EDT 10:04 Ravi is coming on for a bowl. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.01am EDT 10:01 Sharp single and Sangakkara is back on strike! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.01am EDT 10:01 Sanga has faced 85 balls. Took 25 from the first 25 15 from the next 40 while Surrey lost 5 for 26 Then 33 off the most recent 20 And Meaker just pinched the strike and launched Harmer for four over cow! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.56am EDT 09:56 Eat that. Surrey Cricket (@surreycricket) Sangakkara continues to play beautifully and has now moved onto 72 from just 84 balls. Surrey now lead by 210. pic.twitter.com/Ugckhx4uTj May 29, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.55am EDT 09:55 Another Harmer over done, and Sanga has moved from 62 to 72 in it. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 4 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Cricket County cricket live blog County Championship Division One County Championship Division Two Essex Surrey Glamorgan Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Sports › Cricket cricket soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Update: False alert] Google says gifting in the Play Store is "Infeasible," marks it as "Won't Fix" in the Issue Tracker Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/05/26 4:14am PDTMay 26, 2017 15 Plus 1 on G+ 67 Share on Facebook 45 Share on Twitter Total Shares127 Google News Update 1: 2017/05/26 5:03am PDT False alert. Issue was closed in 2013 because it was submitted to the wrong tracker. You know how almost every app or software store lets you buy apps and gift them to someone else? Well, you better put your dreams of ever doing that on Android to rest. Or burying them under 10 feet of disappointment. Someone at Google recently took a look at the Issue Tracker, saw the issue labeled "Implement Gifts within Android Market," which has been added back in 2010 when the Play Store was still the Android Market and which has gathered over 1100 stars and hundreds of comments from users requesting app gifting, and decided to be the bearer of bad news because you know what, this is "infeasible" and Google "won't fix" it. But the writing has been on the wall for a few days; we could have seen it coming if we had been playing closer attention. Credit gifting disappeared from the US Play Store on May 16, and then the support page for Google Play gift cards and promo codes was updated on May 17 to replace the "Google Play credit gifts" section with "Google Play book gifts." That change clearly shows that credit gifting was completely gone, not a glitch, and that from now on, you can only gift music and books, but definitely not credit. Above: Pre-May 17. Below: Current support page. Put 1 and 1 together and you understand that the future of gifting or buying someone credit on Google Play is grim. You better kill your dreams of purchasing apps/games for your friends or employees, gifting a niece or nephew some Play credit for new games educational apps, or encouraging your parents to use a certain app by buying it for them. I still can't wrap my head around the fact that Google, the behemoth that can make AI understand every word I say and predict the news I want to read and the traffic on my way to work, is saying that app gifting is "Infeasible" when other app stores have clearly managed to make it feasible. I'm sure there's a reason, but I can't think of any that would be unsurmountable for Google but not for others, or any that would apply to apps and games but not to books and music. The latter traditionally carry a lot more licensing and legislative limits than apps/games. As a consolation, you can turn to Google Play gift cards and Family Sharing in the countries where they're available to share or send apps and games to others. Update 1: 2017/05/26 5:03am PDT False alert. Issue was closed in 2013 because it was submitted to the wrong tracker. I apologize for the false alert. It looks like the issue was actually marked as "Infeasible" back in 2013 because it was posted to the wrong issue tracker and couldn't be fixed by the AOSP team but had to be submitted to the Google Product Forums instead. The issue has just picked up a lot of comments recently, which brought it to the attention of our tipster and thus our inbox, and with the recent disappearance of the Play credit gifting option, we incorrectly assumed there was a link there. What remains true though is that credit gifting is completely gone and you can only send music and books now. There's no proof that app/game gifting wouldn't make an appearance at some point, so I suppose there's a silver lining somewhere. End of Update Source: Issue Tracker Thanks: Zsolt Pinter Tags google play no app gifting no game gifting Play Gifts Play Store send credit subscribe ... Previous Story [It's about time] Android Wear 2.0 is now rolling out to the 2nd-generation Moto 360 ... Next Story Nova Launcher beta brings Android O's notification dots Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Rawhi Mohammad That's my Google cadtek91 But can't you buy Books for people already? Rita El Khoury Yup, as shown in the screenshots, Books and Music gifting is available. But credit buying for others or gifting apps/games is now a dead dream. FaultException It was marked infeasible because it was on the wrong issue tracker, and it was back in 2013, not recently at all. See comment #108 on the issue where it was marked. Suicide_Note Not a big deal, really. demarcmj Agree. Low tech is better... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/276e854598d2a91aa3a795a84e4ecbec4f4f587c8e3da3c55b968c90ad4ec402.jpg Kristian Ivanov https://gfycat.com/RevolvingEdibleCivet h4rr4r Totally wrong article actually. This issue tracker is not for the play store. Thomas Gladdines If I ever had to implement gifting apps I would make it an in app purchase and then simply show a 100% off coupon. Dirk Google's New Logo Leaked https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d76f12396d72e618315517d469ee19d7f2a28065b296266f029594216b2e0728.png Taylor Hardy I get the job done from comfort of my property or home, through doing very simple activities which require from you a Computer system and connection to the web and I am more happy than ever before... After six months in this job opportunity and managed to get remunerated totally 36 thousand usd... Normally I acquire almost eighty bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hrs daily.And tremendous factor regarding this task is the fact you can easily handle your time any time you do the job and for just how long as you may wish for and you earn a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now jirka maly Google incopetents are more obvious in 6 apps for communication: Allo, Duo, hangouts, messages, voice, G+ Sorry (not really), but Google is led by complete idiots absolutely without a proper tactic thinking Kristian Ivanov I was thinking of posting a really witty comment about this, but the disappointment level was so low that I kind'a don't feel it's worth the effort. Nicholas Conrad Witty comment status: won't fix. Kristian Ivanov It was going to be awesome though, it involved old people, polar bears and a skateboard...oh well, at some point in the future when this is in the news again I'll post it :c Daniel But there's a good reason for it, it's not just that Google is evil: https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/36916787#comment108 Status: Won't Fix (Infeasible) This report applies to a mobile Google application or service, and the issue tracker where you reported it specializes in issues within the Open Source source code of the Android platform. We are not able to provide support for Google products in this issue tracker. Please report this issue in the appropriate Google Product Forum at https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!forum/en/ God of chaos It all makes sense now! demarcmj Reading!?! What is this sorcery? Rita El Khoury Ugh... My ctrl+F skills failed me, I admit. Also my little knowledge of how the Issue Tracker works. I could see when or why it was marked as Infeasible so I incorrectly assumed it was now, when the comments flared up again. Nicholas Conrad Don't get down on yourself Rita, we all have days like this at work. Even knowing the premise of the article was mistaken, I'd rather read it again than another JRE video summary article. Rita El Khoury Thanks... I guess?! demarcmj The issue tracker is partly at fault. If you hover over the resolution in that side panel, the mouse turns to the finger like it's a link... but clicking on it doesn't do anything. You would think it would take you to the resolution post for more details. But nope. Rita El Khoury Exactly. I was thinking there's something wrong with Chrome or my connection and restarted it, but clicking wouldn't take me anywhere, so I was like... well, seems like this doesn't show an explanation. demarcmj Doesn't work in Firefox or IE either (haven't tried it in Edge, or whatever they're calling the Windows 10 browser). Do they have an issue tracker for the issue tracker? Mark R. Andrachek, Jr. No. But they might have a product forum. Which nobody at google will ever check, and some "community volunteer" will suggest your reboot your PC. Rita El Khoury Arghhhhh... You're right. Many of us here at AndroidPolice looked at this and we failed to see that it was marked as Infeasible in 2013. I'll edit the post to ad that info. In our defense, many of us at AP looked at this tip and thought the status change was new, especially with the way comments were flaring up on it in the past day and with all the changes to Google Play credit gifting. Daniel No problem! :) Thanks for adding the info FaultException It wasn't marked as infeasble recently, it was marked in 2013, because it's the wrong forum (the tracker is for AOSP/Android itself) See comment #108: https://issuetracker.google.com/issues/36916787#comment108 demarcmj Yup... and most of the comments since then are people bickering about not wanting to receive emails every time someone comments on the issue. Real productive thread they have going on over there [eyeroll] Zomby2D I'm guilty of contributing to the email pollution. I had the issue starred but I haven't been getting email notifications for the longest time from this. I don't even remember noticing that it had been closed all that time ago. I just started receiving notifications again last week and figured that the ticket being closed was the reason why people were suddenly complaining. Having the reason for closing it lost in the sea of comments didn't help. Rita El Khoury Right. Fixing the post to reflect that. Dennis Ulijn I can also see the fact that people buy 100 apps with a stolen credit card and sell them on the black market, like G2A or G2play. You talk about a lot of other stores doing this already, but the uplay and steam store have had a lot of problems with this and still have those problems, without a good way to combat it. Besides that, how will you solve the VAT system? Who pays? I can see how a lot of people want it, and of course i don't mind having the possibility, but there are more problems than 'just implement it'. Carson Saldanha I think it's due to security reasons but that sucks... h4rr4r Read the update! couldn't be fixed by the AOSP team but had to be submitted to the Google Product Forums instead. h4rr4r Good retraction, update! Rita El Khoury "because it was posted to the wrong issue tracker and couldn't be fixed by the AOSP team but had to be submitted to the Google Product Forums instead." Isn't that enough of an explanation? h4rr4r I was at first talking about just the update line. But on reading the full explanation I thought it was pretty good. Ideally the update line at the top would say something about why not when. Rita El Khoury That's an automatically truncated blurb that our WordPress theme does at the top. I'll manually change it to clarify that in a bit, I was just in a rush to update the post before we got more comments telling us how wrong we were. h4rr4r YAY! krazyfrog Apple has had App Store gifting for all content since years now and somehow it's "infeasible" for Google. 🙄 Rita El Khoury Refresh your page ;) Peter World Citizen I had seen people got fired for lesser mistakes. ;) Rita El Khoury We'd be firing half the AP team and Artem. Many of us looked at this and didn't notice. Guess the post I/O haziness hasn't dissipated yet. Mark R. Andrachek, Jr. Google's Issue Tracker recently got a re-vamp. They can control, I'm sure, what the closed states are for things in their own tracker. They really need to have a closed/won't fix state that indicates that the issue has been raised in the wrong venue going forward, if they want to keep the issue tracker limited to just AOSP. These kind of things keep coming up in the AOSP issue tracker and _will continue_ to come up in the AOSP tracker if nothing changes. They don't expose issue tracking for anything else. Finding these product forums at all, much less the right one, is an exercise in madness. And then when you do find them, they're typically staffed by unpaid community volunteers. Chances are high that nobody from Google will actually see your issue, much less respond. It's like shouting into the void. Funem They should just make it so you can purchase an item, then chose to install it or create a sort of promo code which you can then just give to someone to use. They could tie it in to the promo code system they have now. Until its claimed you could still retain the option to install it by using the code yourself. prwnd Dear Community, I suggested this and I apologise because I did not find it was changed in 2013. KrisDiss Insurmountable /EndOfRant. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 117 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 119 queries | 0.346s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Inhalt ZEIT ONLINENachrichten auf ZEIT ONLINE Menu Schließen Abo Shop Akademie Jobs mehr Hamburg Hafenstadt-Lotse Urlaubsziele Kulturveranstaltungen Partnersuche Immobilien Automarkt ZEIT Reisen Urlaubsziele Kulturveranstaltungen Partnersuche Immobilien Automarkt E-Paper Audio Apps Archiv Anmelden / Registrieren Login suchen Suche Politik Gesellschaft Wirtschaft Kultur Literatur Film & TV Musik Kunst Buch-Entdeckungen Wissen Digital Campus Studium-Interessentest Studiengänge Uni-Rankings Brita fill&go Karriere Entdecken Sport Spiele Mobilität Hamburg Cunard Kreuzfahrten mehr ZEITmagazin EU-Kommission: Europäische Verlage kritisieren EU-Vorschlag zu ePrivacy In einem offenen Brief kritisieren europäische Verlage eine geplante EU-Novelle zum Gebrauch von Cookies. Das Vorhaben begünstige globale Firmen wie Google und Facebook. 29. Mai 2017, 11:54 Uhr Quelle: ZEIT ONLINE, fo 18 Kommentare Die EU will den Einsatz von Cookies neu regeln. © Patrick Lux/Getty Images Die geplante Novelle der so genannten ePrivacy-Verordnung stößt auf Kritik: In einem offenen Brief haben sich Verleger, Vorstandsvorsitzende und Geschäftsführer von mehr als 30 europäischen Medienhäusern an die EU-Kommission und das Europäische Parlament gewandt, darunter auch DIE ZEIT. Die Verlage fürchten, dass durch die geplante Verordnung personalisierte Werbung und individualisierter Journalismus gefährdet werden, auf denen die digitalen Geschäftsmodelle der Verlage zum Teil aufbauen. Konzerne wie Google oder Facebook würden durch die neue Regelung hingegen begünstigt, heißt es in dem offenen Brief. Konkret geht es um den Einsatz von Cookies, mit denen Websites individuelle Daten von Netznutzern erfassen. Bislang muss jede Website individuell über den Einsatz von Cookies aufklären. Ginge es nach der EU, müssten User dem Einsatz von Cookies in Zukunft nur noch ein Mal zustimmen, nämlich dann, wenn sie den Browser öffnen. Diese Zustimmung gelte dann pauschal für alle Websites. Cookies von Drittanbietern, die über die Websites ausgeliefert werden, wären hingegen standardmäßig geblockt. Darunter fielen etwa große Werbenetzwerke, die über die Websites ihre Anzeigen ausliefern. "Die aktuellen ePrivacy-Vorschläge würden dazu führen, dass die Daten europäischer Internetuser sich in den Händen weniger globaler Unternehmen konzentrieren", heißt es in dem offenen Brief. Die Verlage seien in Sorge, dass es "unglaublich schwierig" sein werde, die Browser-Einstellungen für einzelne Angebote zu ändern und Cookies zuzulassen. Es sei Medien damit unmöglich, Lesern personalisierte Inhalte und Marketing oder relevante Werbung anzubieten. Im Folgenden dokumentieren wir den offenen Brief im Wortlaut: Open letter to the European Parliament / Council Trust, privacy and news – the need to rethink ePrivacy proposals We support the objective of the Commission’s draft "ePrivacy" regulation, which has the potential to clean up the digital economy, and to restore citizen trust in how their data is used online. Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online. News organisations depend on the trust of our readers, and we support a system of regulation that restores trust, and cleans up the digital environment. But news organisations also use data generated by readers to improve their products and services by offering readers journalism that is relevant to them, and serving display digital advertising that is relevant to readers. As a result of digital distribution, more digital citizens are accessing high quality news and quality information than ever before. But the increasing trend towards consumers accessing news content via third party gateways such as Google News, Facebook, Yahoo, Apple News, MSN (Microsoft) and Amazon Alexa is changing the way that European citizens consume news, making publishers ever more reliant on a small number of global platforms as a consequence.  Through the current ePrivacy proposals, the Commission proposes that digital citizens must consent to non-strictly necessary tracking on a global basis when they connect to the Internet via a browser interface.  Given that 90 per cent of usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla, this focus on obtaining user permission via the browser interface has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways. The ePrivacy proposals contrast with the implication of the Commission’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – due to come into force in May 2018 - which aims to empower user privacy by forcing sites themselves to make sure that users understand and are empowered to control the gathering of data about their browsing behaviour in context of each site that they visit. By creating a single global permission within the browser interface, the Commission´s ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency and meaningful user empowerment in practice, and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on the trust of their users, and those who do not.   While the explanatory memorandum accompanying the ePrivacy proposals does not place an outright ban on publishers communicating with readers in order to seek consent for the use of 3rd party cookies, in practice, publishers are concerned that it will be incredibly difficult to persuade readers to change their browser settings to allow 3rd party cookies.  As a consequence, individual news organisations would be unable to provide readers with personalised content and marketing, or serve relevant digital advertising within their environments. The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend in 2017.  If as a result of these proposals, news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of domiant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe. The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which, digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies: a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens; further strengthen their dominance in the European digital economy, and; introduce further complexity for individual publishers, despite the European Commission acknowledging these issues are already covered by the regulation that will enter into force in 2018. By shifting consent to the collection of data from each individual news site that they visit, to providing a global consent via a small number of powerful gateways, the Commission’s proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising. The impact on news organisations would be to reduce their ability to deliver high quality products and services, and undermine their ability to generate advertising revenues to reinvest in journalism. Therefore it is essential that in implementing the objectives of the "ePrivacy" proposals, the European Parliament/Council must work with the news industry to ensure that the directive provides flexibility of implementation to encourage a direct relationship between each internet user and the trusted news organisations that they visit, not further undermine it. Die Unterzeichner: Athesia Druck: Bernhard Paris, Manager Medien  Class Editori: Davide Fumagalli, CDO DER SPIEGEL, SPIEGEL ONLINE: Thomas Hass, Managing Director ; Jesper Doub, Managing Director SPIEGEL ONLINE DIE ZEIT, ZEIT ONLINE: Dr. Rainer Esser, Managing Director Zeitverlag Gerd Bucerius GmbH & Co. KG; Christian Röpke, Managing Director ZEIT ONLINE GmbH ; Enrique Tarragona, Managing Director ZEIT ONLINE GmbH  DMG Media: Kevin Beatty, CEO  Editoriale Bresciana:  Laura Airaghi, Marketing Director  EPC: Angela Mills Wade, Executive Director  Financial Times: John Ridding, CEO  Frankfurter Allgemeine: Thomas Lindner, CEO Gazzetta di Parma: Mario De Stefano, CDO  GEDI Gruppo Editoriale:  Monica Mondardini, CEO Groupe Bayard/La Croix: Georges Sanerot, Président du Directoire Groupe Figaro CCM Benchmark: Marc Feuillée, Directeur général Groupe L ́Equipe: Cyril Linette, Directeur général Groupe Le Monde: Louis Dreyfus, Président du Directoire Groupe Les Echos/Le Parisien: Francis Morel, CEO Gruner + Jahr: Julia Jaekel, CEO ; Arne Wolter, CDO  Grupa Wirtualna Polska: Michal Branski, Board Member and VP Product Strategy Gruppo 24 Ore: Franco Moscetti, CEO  Guardian Media Group: David Pemsel, CEO Holtzbrinck Publishing Group: Dr. Stefan von Holtzbrinck, CEO IMPRESA: Francisco Pinto Balsemão, Chairman  L'Humanité: Patrick Le Hyaric, President du directoire et directeur Libération:  François Dieulesaint, Gérant  MEDIAHUIS:  Gert Ysebaert, CEO News Media Europe: Wout van Wijk, Executive Director NRC: Rien van Beemen, CEO Persgroup: Christian Van Thillo, CEO PRISA: José Luis Sainz, CEO Sanoma: Susan Duinhoven, President & CEO Schibsted Media Group: Rolv Erik Ryssdal, CEO  SETA:  Gianluigi Campari, CEO  Süddeutsche Zeitung: Stefan Hilscher, Managing Director Süddeutscher Verlag GmbH ; Johannes Vogel, Managing Director Süddeutsche Zeitung Digitale Medien GmbH Telegraph Media Group: Murdoch MacLennan, CEO Unidad Editorial: Javier Cabrerizo, Managing Director Seitennavigation Startseite Facebook Auf Facebook teilen twitter Twittern Whatsapp WhatsApp Facebook Messenger Facebook Messenger Mail Mailen Artikel drucken Schlagworte Cookies, Internet, Datenschutz, Europäisches Parlament, EU-Politik, EU-Kommission Voriger Artikel Voriger Artikel Indien Modi wirbt in Berlin um deutsche Investitionen Nächster Artikel Nächster Artikel Dialekt Das Sächsisch verschwindet! Lesen Sie jetzt Z+ Software-Unternehmen: Sie blicken in dein Herz Von Anna Gauto 2. März 2017 Verlagsangebot Entdecken Sie mehr. Lernen Sie DIE ZEIT 4 Wochen lang im Digital-Paket zum Probepreis kennen. Hier testen Kommentare 18 Kommentare Seite 1 von 3 Kommentieren Sortierung Neueste zuerst Leserempfehlung Nur Leserempfehlungen Freundschafter #1  —  vor 6 Tagen Leserempfehlung 4 Ein Geschäftsmodell auf penetrante Werbung aufzubauen hat keine Zukunft! Hoffentlich kommt diese ePrivacy unverändert. Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen rank_t #1.1  —  vor 6 Tagen Leserempfehlung 0 Penetrant und personalisiert sind zwei unterschiedliche Paar Schuhe. Und der Effekt ist sogar genau andersrum: Je unpersönlicher die Werbung, desto weniger ist sie wert – desto mehr muss also angezeigt werden. Antwort auf #1 von Freundschafter Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen Zeitlese0815 #2  —  vor 6 Tagen Leserempfehlung 0 Gute Stellungnahme auch in http://www.faz.net/aktuel... Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen Zeitlese0815 #2.1  —  vor 6 Tagen Leserempfehlung 1 Pardon, dat ging zu Maas' Gesetzentwurf zum Urheberrecht. Trotzdem interessant. Antwort auf #2 von Zeitlese0815 Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen RaLiWiWi #3  —  vor 6 Tagen Leserempfehlung 2 Dass die EU Kommission in Zusammenarbeit mit den relevanten Lobbyisten sich (fast) ausschließlich an der Interessensdurchetzung von Groß-Konzerne orientiert , sollte für die nun protestierenden mittelständischen Verleger nur dann überraschend kommen, wenn sie sich die letzten 2 Jahrzehnte ausschließlich mit sogenannten schöngeistigen und vielleicht noch ethischen Fragen beschäftigten , also sich um die Akustik-Qualität der Elb-Philharmonie sorgten oder sich mit Predigten von Frau Käsmann auseinander setzten Dass von der geplanten EU (!!) Gesetzes-Novelle aber ausschließlich US Konzerne profitieren die auch noch sehr eng und vertrauensvoll mit den diversen US Geheimdiensten ( NSA , CIS , DIA) zusammen arbeiten ist dann schon auch für EU -Kommissions skeptische Europäer nur noch sehr schwer nachvollziehbar, ohne in kompletten Zynismus zu verfallen Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen Schlüsselbär #4  —  vor 6 Tagen Leserempfehlung 3 Ich möchte keine "personalisierten Inhalte" und keine "personalisierte Werbung". Weder von der Zeit noch von Google&co. Dafür tue ich auch das eine oder andere (TOR anonyme Identitäten.) Wenn die Quellen der Inhalte versuchen, ihr Geschäftsmodell durchdrücken wollen und Leser ohne Login(Zeit) bei einigen Artikeln blocken oder Nutzer ohne Identifikation nicht suchen lassen(Google - meistens), dann nutze ich diese Angebote eben nicht. Das Wort "Werbung" ist eigentlich sehr schön und sagt aus, um was es gehen sollte. Wenn ich für ein Angebot bezahlen soll, will ich auch entsprechend "umworben" werden - nicht für dumm verkauft und über den Tisch gezogen. Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen hengels58 #4.1  —  vor 6 Tagen Leserempfehlung 1 Ich glaube nicht, dass Tor hier hilfreich ist. Cookies sind Schnee von gestern. Wenn in einem Browser JavaScript aktiv ist, kann eine Website u.a. die folgenden Daten lesen: - OS Version - Browser Version - CPU - Bildschirmauflösung - Installierte Fonts - Installierte Browser Apps - und Vieles mehr und nun haben wir einen einzigartigen "Fingerprint", mit dem sich ein Benutzer eindeutig wiedererkennen lässt (da eine identische Kombination von Daten kaum mehrfach existiert). Dieser Fingerprint wird nun anbieterseitig auf dem Server in einer Datenbank gespeichert und alle Bewegungsdaten dazu mitaufgezeichnet. Auf diese Weise lassen sich komplexe Nutzerprofile erstellen (vor allem wenn der Fingerprint weitergereicht wird). Cookies sind im Vergleich hierzu ein Witz. Tor anonymisiert nur die IP etc. - hilft hier meines Erachtens aber gar nicht. Die einzige Lösung ist JavaScript zu deaktivieren. Antwort auf #4 von Schlüsselbär Antworten Antworten Melden Melden Empfehlen Empfehlen + 1 weitere Antworten anzeigen Kommentarseiten Weitere Kommentare 1 2 3 Bitte melden Sie sich an, um zu kommentieren. Anmelden Registrieren ZEIT ONLINENachrichten auf ZEIT ONLINE Start Digital EU-Kommission: Europäische Verlage kritisieren EU-Vorschlag zu ePrivacy Impressum Datenschutz Mehr Angebote: Abo Shop Christ & Welt ZEIT Reisen ZEIT für die Schule ZEIT Veranstaltungen Verlag: Inserieren Mediadaten Presse Unternehmen Rechte & Lizenzen Blogs Foto Video Leserartikel Print-Archiv Schlagworte Bildrechte AGB Cookies Hilfe/ Kontakt Newsletter RSS Nach oben
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google Play Music now offers 4-month free trial for new users Newsby Mitja Rutnik7 days ago 5 656 16 Normally, new users who sign up for the Google Play Music service can try it out for free during the first three months. In order to get more users on board, Google is now offering a four-month free trial to those who sign up for the service. After that, you’ll have to pay $9.99 per month to keep using it. Google Play Music gives you access to a library of over 35 million songs. You can listen to them online or download them to your device. The music service works on Android device as well as on PCs. See also: Apple Music vs Spotify vs Google Play Music December 20, 2016 You can upload up to 50,000 of your own songs and listen to music that suits your mood or activities (relaxing, working out…). The service also lets you create custom playlists and gives you recommendations based on your music taste, so it’s easy to discover new tracks and artists. If you’re interested in trying out Google Play Music for free for a period of four months, you can sign up via the button below. Sign up for Google Play Music Do make sure you cancel your subscription on time if you don’t want to use it after the free trial expires. If you don’t, Google will automatically charge your credit card for $9.99 every month. News Google, Google Play Music Google, Google Play Music  Google Play Music Mitja Rutnik Show 5 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 13 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Anonymous Tip Off Advertise Contact About Support MediaNama   MOBILE ECOMMERCE PAYMENTS POLICY FUNDING MORE REPORTS Menu Carriage Telecom Broadband DTH IPTV MVNO Mobile TV WiMax TV Content Media Apps Books Films Gaming Indic Languages Music Sports Video Services E-Commerce Digital Payments Classifieds Advertising Education Travel Health Location Based Services Matrimony Search Social Media News Earnings Industry Moves Interviews Guest Posts Charts Research & Numbers Policy & Legal Policy E-Governance Legal Net Neutrality Surveillance Hot News Privacy Web Censorship Investments Investments Mergers & Acquisitions IPO Joint Ventures Startups Daily Newsletter Sponsored All Discover the modern mechanics of marketing at the 13th Marketing Conclave organized by IAMAI – #Ad Introducing our Digital Payments in India Report: Demonetization Edition – #Ad Why the Indian startup scenario needs an event like STARup 2017 – #Ad Take your venture to the next level with Conquest 2017! – #Ad 5th SpicyIP Fellowship 2017-18: Applications Close on March 10 – #Ad More in PageRank Google warns websites against allowing spammy links in syndicated content Digital Jobs Business Development/ Sales Intern Business Development Executive- Inside Sales Hiring Marketing Manager & Executive in Pune Require Hardware Engineer For Cashgate Scandal Malawi Compositor Comments gis: Nice article. Abour Dental: Great initiative #telagana arbourdental.co.uk Brinok Solution Ltd: Sabitha-Brinoksolutions Hi this is nice blog about top 10 stories... Prakash Dayani: very informative nikhil, but can u tell us that whats... Bowman Johns: Chinese offer cheaper and better for the same value.No problem... Bowman Johns: Electric vehicles should be used all over as they use... Headlines NDTV to suspend business channel NDTV Profit; NDTV Prime to remain on air Shashi Shekhar Vempati to head Prasar Bharti as new CEO Mobile Internet restored in Jammu and Kashmir Top 10 stories of the week: May 29th to June 4th 2017 Average ticket size in smaller cities is 40% of the major cities: Justdial RCOM’s lenders might convert Rs 25,000Cr debt into equity: report Telangana now has an official wallet and it is setting itself up to fail YouTube updates ad policy to prevent monetization of hateful content TRAI wants telcos to advertise data packs in ‘nutrition label format’ Happiest Minds acquires US-based OSSCube Interviews All In a competitive telecom market, how India's first MVNO Aerovoyce plans to create its own space Regulation will come in when carpooling gets popular in India - Raghav Gupta, BlaBlaCar Paytm has more offline merchant transactions than online: CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma Initially only utility bills can be paid through the BBPS; pilot in mid June, says AP Hota, MD and CEO of NPCI Wallets aren't on UPI because banks needed time to catch up - NPCI MD & CEO AP Hota Related #Google #Internet #PageRank #Search #Spam #Syndication Related Google Hotel Finder Adds Indian OTAs Non-mobile friendly sites won’t disappear from mobile searches: Omid Kordestani, Google Google updates search algorithm to push down fake news Google search will let users use apps without installing them Updated: Google tweaks mobile search algorithm; should companies be worried? Google search to prioritize ranking based on mobile website Home » Google, Internet, PageRank, Search, Spam, Syndication Google warns websites against allowing spammy links in syndicated content By Aroon Deep ( @AroonDeep ) on May 29, 2017 May 29, 2017 by Aroon Deep 04 Google warned websites against inadvertently attempting to manipulate search rankings by accepting syndicated content with spammy authors. Web syndication is when a website takes content from another website, crediting the other website as the ‘author’ of that content. An interesting example of such syndication (not spammy) is this article by GaneshaSpeaks, which gives a horoscope forecast of Netflix’s performance in India using star and planetary positions. Other examples of syndication include feeds by wire agencies like PTI and ANI in news websites. Yahoo, for instance, syndicates content from several sources, including Reuters, India.com, MarketWatch, and several more. Google said in a blog for website administrators that accepting content that is full of ‘keyword-dense’ links will be recognized as an attempt to manipulate the website’s ranking by Google. Websites found to be hosting such content may have their ranking downgraded in search results, Google warned. To prevent syndicated content — which is often on a large scale with significant automation in posting — from affecting host websites’ ranking, Google recommended that they check syndicated feeds to make sure that i) they don’t contain link schemes that try to drive traffic to the original site where the content originates, ii) the same articles aren’t syndicated in a large number of other sites or multiple large sites, and iii) the syndicator isn’t just farming content written by authors who are not very knowledgeable on what they are writing on. Advertisement ‘No-follow’ For syndicators who add a large number of links to their own website, Google recommended that such links have ‘no-follow’ added to them. ‘No-follow’ is a piece of code that tells search engines to not ‘follow’ the links into the websites to which they lead. If ‘no-follow’ isn’t added to articles that have keyword-rich links designed to manipulate search rankings, Google has warned that they will detect such attempts and downgrade the website’s search rankings. In the post, Google addressed websites that have a combination of original content and syndicated feeds. It asked, “If a link is a form of endorsement, and you’re the one creating most of the endorsements for your own site, is this putting forth the best impression of your site?” Update: A reference to GaneshaSpeaks has been clarified to emphasize that their pieces are not an example of spammy syndication. 04 Related #Google #Internet #PageRank #Search #Spam #Syndication Related Google Hotel Finder Adds Indian OTAs Non-mobile friendly sites won’t disappear from mobile searches: Omid Kordestani, Google Google updates search algorithm to push down fake news Google search will let users use apps without installing them Updated: Google tweaks mobile search algorithm; should companies be worried? Google search to prioritize ranking based on mobile website < Previous Next > Electric vehicle hub commences operations in Nagpur RCOM’s losses up 82% QoQ at Rs 966 crore in Q4FY17 best ad agencies in Bangalore Nice post,thanks for sharing. http://www.pofx.in/ Daily Newsletter Sponsored All Discover the modern mechanics of marketing at the 13th Marketing Conclave organized by IAMAI – #Ad Introducing our Digital Payments in India Report: Demonetization Edition – #Ad Why the Indian startup scenario needs an event like STARup 2017 – #Ad Take your venture to the next level with Conquest 2017! – #Ad 5th SpicyIP Fellowship 2017-18: Applications Close on March 10 – #Ad More in PageRank Google warns websites against allowing spammy links in syndicated content Digital Jobs Business Development/ Sales Intern Business Development Executive- Inside Sales Hiring Marketing Manager & Executive in Pune Require Hardware Engineer For Cashgate Scandal Malawi Compositor Comments gis: Nice article. Abour Dental: Great initiative #telagana arbourdental.co.uk Brinok Solution Ltd: Sabitha-Brinoksolutions Hi this is nice blog about top 10 stories... Prakash Dayani: very informative nikhil, but can u tell us that whats... Bowman Johns: Chinese offer cheaper and better for the same value.No problem... Bowman Johns: Electric vehicles should be used all over as they use... Headlines NDTV to suspend business channel NDTV Profit; NDTV Prime to remain on air Shashi Shekhar Vempati to head Prasar Bharti as new CEO Mobile Internet restored in Jammu and Kashmir Top 10 stories of the week: May 29th to June 4th 2017 Average ticket size in smaller cities is 40% of the major cities: Justdial RCOM’s lenders might convert Rs 25,000Cr debt into equity: report Telangana now has an official wallet and it is setting itself up to fail YouTube updates ad policy to prevent monetization of hateful content TRAI wants telcos to advertise data packs in ‘nutrition label format’ Happiest Minds acquires US-based OSSCube Interviews All In a competitive telecom market, how India's first MVNO Aerovoyce plans to create its own space Regulation will come in when carpooling gets popular in India - Raghav Gupta, BlaBlaCar Paytm has more offline merchant transactions than online: CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma Initially only utility bills can be paid through the BBPS; pilot in mid June, says AP Hota, MD and CEO of NPCI Wallets aren't on UPI because banks needed time to catch up - NPCI MD & CEO AP Hota Related #Google #Internet #PageRank #Search #Spam #Syndication Related Google Hotel Finder Adds Indian OTAs Non-mobile friendly sites won’t disappear from mobile searches: Omid Kordestani, Google Google updates search algorithm to push down fake news Google search will let users use apps without installing them Updated: Google tweaks mobile search algorithm; should companies be worried? Google search to prioritize ranking based on mobile website QUICK LINKS Home Jobs CATEGORIES Internet Mobile Policy Apps Marketing Telecom SEGMENTS Interviews Views charts financials CONNECT Contact Us Advertise Anonymous Tip Off Subscribe INFORMATION About Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Careers © 2008-2014 Mixed Bag Media Pvt. Ltd. Designed and developed by Solomo Media .
Anonymous Tip Off Advertise Contact About Support MediaNama   MOBILE ECOMMERCE PAYMENTS POLICY FUNDING MORE REPORTS Menu Carriage Telecom Broadband DTH IPTV MVNO Mobile TV WiMax TV Content Media Apps Books Films Gaming Indic Languages Music Sports Video Services E-Commerce Digital Payments Classifieds Advertising Education Travel Health Location Based Services Matrimony Search Social Media News Earnings Industry Moves Interviews Guest Posts Charts Research & Numbers Policy & Legal Policy E-Governance Legal Net Neutrality Surveillance Hot News Privacy Web Censorship Investments Investments Mergers & Acquisitions IPO Joint Ventures Startups Daily Newsletter Sponsored All Discover the modern mechanics of marketing at the 13th Marketing Conclave organized by IAMAI – #Ad Introducing our Digital Payments in India Report: Demonetization Edition – #Ad Why the Indian startup scenario needs an event like STARup 2017 – #Ad Take your venture to the next level with Conquest 2017! – #Ad 5th SpicyIP Fellowship 2017-18: Applications Close on March 10 – #Ad More in Advertising Average ticket size in smaller cities is 40% of the major cities: Justdial YouTube updates ad policy to prevent monetization of hateful content ValueFirst acquires digital marketing firm Octane Google will be able to collect cards purchase information and link it to a profile AIM listed mobile ad-tech firm Taptica enters India Digital Jobs Business Development/ Sales Intern Business Development Executive- Inside Sales Hiring Marketing Manager & Executive in Pune Require Hardware Engineer For Cashgate Scandal Malawi Compositor Comments gis: Nice article. Abour Dental: Great initiative #telagana arbourdental.co.uk Brinok Solution Ltd: Sabitha-Brinoksolutions Hi this is nice blog about top 10 stories... Prakash Dayani: very informative nikhil, but can u tell us that whats... Bowman Johns: Chinese offer cheaper and better for the same value.No problem... Bowman Johns: Electric vehicles should be used all over as they use... Headlines NDTV to suspend business channel NDTV Profit; NDTV Prime to remain on air Shashi Shekhar Vempati to head Prasar Bharti as new CEO Mobile Internet restored in Jammu and Kashmir Top 10 stories of the week: May 29th to June 4th 2017 Average ticket size in smaller cities is 40% of the major cities: Justdial RCOM’s lenders might convert Rs 25,000Cr debt into equity: report Telangana now has an official wallet and it is setting itself up to fail YouTube updates ad policy to prevent monetization of hateful content TRAI wants telcos to advertise data packs in ‘nutrition label format’ Happiest Minds acquires US-based OSSCube Interviews All In a competitive telecom market, how India's first MVNO Aerovoyce plans to create its own space Regulation will come in when carpooling gets popular in India - Raghav Gupta, BlaBlaCar Paytm has more offline merchant transactions than online: CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma Initially only utility bills can be paid through the BBPS; pilot in mid June, says AP Hota, MD and CEO of NPCI Wallets aren't on UPI because banks needed time to catch up - NPCI MD & CEO AP Hota Related #Advertising #Google #Internet #Marketing #Mobile Related Exclusive: SVG Media buys Komli Media’s India business Twitter launches video ad tool First View in India & APAC Mobile Marketing Association appoints PepsiCo’s D Shivakumar as India chairman Updated: Biting in the Facebook mobile pie, Google looks to buy InMobi: report Komli Media spins off RevX as a separate company; RevX raises $4M Times Internet’s Spotlight to offer content solutions for marketers Home » Advertising, Google, Internet, Marketing, Mobile Google will be able to collect cards purchase information and link it to a profile By Shashidhar KJ ( @KJshashi ) on May 26, 2017 May 26, 2017 by Shashidhar KJ 00 Google has a new service for marketers where it will provide information to advertisers on card purchases in physical stores and link them to an online profile of the user. The company mentioned that it has third-party partnerships, which can capture approximately 70% of credit and debit card transactions in the United States. However, Google did not furnish more details on how the new service works or what it is analyzing records of debit and credit cards, as indicated by this Washington Post report. The publication added that the company has developed “a new, custom encryption technology that ensures users’ data remains private, secure, and anonymous.” Google’s algorithms will mask people’s names, purchase information, timestamp, and location into anonymous strings of numbers, MIT Technology Review said. Note that Google has been able to track location for years through Google Maps and in 2014, it started a marketing service where it told advertisers information on how often people visit a store. The latest tool is blurring the line between the physical and online world. This will allow marketers to measure in-store revenue along with store visits which were thrown up by  Search results and Shopping ads. If a business collects email information at the point of sale for their loyalty programme, the business can add transactions into Google AdWords or through a third-party partner to show more targeted advertising. YES Bank-Cashkaro tie-up  Advertisement Note that in India, private sector lender YES Bank partnered with cashback and coupon site Cashkaro which does something similar to what Google is attempting. Through the partnership, YES Bank will send card customers personalized offers and targeted deals based on their shopping patterns. YES Bank builds the profile of a customer for marketing while Cashkaro does the initial targeting where retailers can set parameters on what kind of demographic they would like to attract. The parameters can include age, location, spending patterns, etc. YES Bank will send promotions to cards/customers which match the parameters.   00 Related #Advertising #Google #Internet #Marketing #Mobile Related Exclusive: SVG Media buys Komli Media’s India business Twitter launches video ad tool First View in India & APAC Mobile Marketing Association appoints PepsiCo’s D Shivakumar as India chairman Updated: Biting in the Facebook mobile pie, Google looks to buy InMobi: report Komli Media spins off RevX as a separate company; RevX raises $4M Times Internet’s Spotlight to offer content solutions for marketers < Previous Next > Tata to buy back NTT Docomo’s 26% stake in TTSL; legal tussle ends Top 10 stories of the week: May 22nd to May 28th 2017 Geração Interativa Hi tks for sharing this. i’m looking for this content in my language but i dont find. Nice article. i’ll try this strategies in my website =p -> http://geracaointerativa.com.br/criacao-de-sites.html Nitin Chakranarayan This is really a nice article. Now google will track window shopping also.. Team www,nxsearch.com Daily Newsletter Sponsored All Discover the modern mechanics of marketing at the 13th Marketing Conclave organized by IAMAI – #Ad Introducing our Digital Payments in India Report: Demonetization Edition – #Ad Why the Indian startup scenario needs an event like STARup 2017 – #Ad Take your venture to the next level with Conquest 2017! – #Ad 5th SpicyIP Fellowship 2017-18: Applications Close on March 10 – #Ad More in Google Railwire users most hit by WannaCry ransomware: security firm Google warns websites against allowing spammy links in syndicated content Google will be able to collect cards purchase information and link it to a profile Google I/O 2017: Android O, Google Assistant, Google Lens & more Google Q1-17: ad revenues, Waymo, YouTube, Hardware, Machine Learning, AI & More Digital Jobs Business Development/ Sales Intern Business Development Executive- Inside Sales Hiring Marketing Manager & Executive in Pune Require Hardware Engineer For Cashgate Scandal Malawi Compositor Comments gis: Nice article. Abour Dental: Great initiative #telagana arbourdental.co.uk Brinok Solution Ltd: Sabitha-Brinoksolutions Hi this is nice blog about top 10 stories... Prakash Dayani: very informative nikhil, but can u tell us that whats... Bowman Johns: Chinese offer cheaper and better for the same value.No problem... Bowman Johns: Electric vehicles should be used all over as they use... Headlines NDTV to suspend business channel NDTV Profit; NDTV Prime to remain on air Shashi Shekhar Vempati to head Prasar Bharti as new CEO Mobile Internet restored in Jammu and Kashmir Top 10 stories of the week: May 29th to June 4th 2017 Average ticket size in smaller cities is 40% of the major cities: Justdial RCOM’s lenders might convert Rs 25,000Cr debt into equity: report Telangana now has an official wallet and it is setting itself up to fail YouTube updates ad policy to prevent monetization of hateful content TRAI wants telcos to advertise data packs in ‘nutrition label format’ Happiest Minds acquires US-based OSSCube Interviews All In a competitive telecom market, how India's first MVNO Aerovoyce plans to create its own space Regulation will come in when carpooling gets popular in India - Raghav Gupta, BlaBlaCar Paytm has more offline merchant transactions than online: CEO Vijay Shekhar Sharma Initially only utility bills can be paid through the BBPS; pilot in mid June, says AP Hota, MD and CEO of NPCI Wallets aren't on UPI because banks needed time to catch up - NPCI MD & CEO AP Hota Related #Advertising #Google #Internet #Marketing #Mobile Related Exclusive: SVG Media buys Komli Media’s India business Twitter launches video ad tool First View in India & APAC Mobile Marketing Association appoints PepsiCo’s D Shivakumar as India chairman Updated: Biting in the Facebook mobile pie, Google looks to buy InMobi: report Komli Media spins off RevX as a separate company; RevX raises $4M Times Internet’s Spotlight to offer content solutions for marketers QUICK LINKS Home Jobs CATEGORIES Internet Mobile Policy Apps Marketing Telecom SEGMENTS Interviews Views charts financials CONNECT Contact Us Advertise Anonymous Tip Off Subscribe INFORMATION About Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Careers © 2008-2014 Mixed Bag Media Pvt. Ltd. Designed and developed by Solomo Media .
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Deal: Google Play Store offers $0.99 movie rental until July 7 Newsby Scott Adam Gordon7 days ago 6 230 47 Google is encouraging Android users to rent movies from the Google Play Store with a new promotion. Until July 7, you can rent a single movie on your smartphone or tablet for just $0.99. The deal applies to around 100 or so Play Store movies, including latest releases such as John Wick: Chapter 2, The Lego Batman Movie and Logan, cutting the rental price down from the regular $4.99 fee for new releases. To make use of the deal, you will need to click on the Play Store ad for the movie rental offer, otherwise it won’t be applied. Also note that some people are seeing the deal for $1.49 rather than $0.99, and for other,s it isn’t appearing at all. It seems to be dependent on a few factors — just make sure you see the applied discount at the checkout page and not the full rental price if you try to do this. See also: Google Jamboard app now available from the Google Play Store 1 week ago Google likely wants this deal to attract those who’ve previously never used the Play Store’a rental service to see the benefits of it. And it’s a good strategy, allowing first-timers to take rentals for a low-cost test drive. I’m guessing it’s those users who have been targeted with the $0.99 offer. If you want to check it out, visit the Play Store page at the link. News Google Play Store Google Play Store  Google Play Store Scott Adam Gordon Scott Adam Gordon is a European correspondent for Android Authority. Originally from the UK, Scott has been tinkering with Android phones since 2011 and writing about them full-time since 2014. He now lives in Berlin with three roommates he never sees. Befriend him on Twitter and Google+ at the links. Show 6 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 15 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: An introduction to Kotlin for Android development Android Developmentby Adam Sinicki7 days ago 3 744 14 At the latest Google I/O conference, Google announced that Android development would now fully support Kotlin. This is big news as it opens up an entirely new avenue for those that want to start creating their own Android applications. And seeing as Kotlin is highly popular and has a lot of unique features, it creates new opportunities for existing developers too. Kotlin is a statically typed programming language from JetBrains. It is fully ‘inter-operable’ with Java (meaning you can use Java frameworks and even mix commands from both in your code) and comes with no limitations. Android developers have actually been using Kotlin for some time already via a plugin and some popular apps on the Play Store (like Basecamp) were reportedly built solely using Kotlin. Now though, as of the forthcoming Android Studio 3.0, it will be bundled-in and supported out-of-the-box. Kotlin allows us to remove significant amounts of boilerplate So why would you choose to use Kotlin rather than Java? Well the main reason is that it can make your life a little easier in a number of instances. Kotlin eliminates null references for example and it doesn’t have checked exceptions – both of which can save devs some headaches. As you’ll see, various features of Kotlin also allow us to remove significant amounts of boilerplate code too, resulting in leaner, more readable programs. Generally, this is a more modern language and if you’re not already deeply entrenched in Java or keen to stick with the ‘most official’ method, then it might be worth considering. For those just getting started, Kotlin might represent a more forgiving learning curve. So, for those interested in adopting Kotlin into their workflow, how might one go about getting stuck in? Getting set up The good news is that seeing as Kotlin is packaged in with Android 3.0 onwards, there will be no need to download anything new and only very minimal set-up involved. The bad news is that Android Studio 3.0 is still in beta, so to get that you’re going to have to download it separately from here. Extract all the files and then run bin > studio64.exe and you’re in. Welcome to the future! Note that Android 3.0 is still in beta and as such, you should expect to run into occasional glitches. Never fear if you’d rather stick with regular old 2.3.2 though; you can still download the plugin by navigating to File > Settings > Plugins > Install JetBrains Plugin, searching for Kotlin and hitting ‘install’. If you have Android Studio 3.0, then when you create a new project you’ll be given the option to include Kotlin support. If you tick this box, then you won’t need to configure your project later on. Once you’ve set up a new project, open up MainActivity.java and then invoke the action: Convert Java File to Kotlin File. To do this, go to Help > Find Action and then start typing ‘Convert Java File…’. You’ll know it when you see it. Now your code will change slightly from Java to Kotlin. It has the word ‘fun’ in it… I like it already! The extension for Kotlin files is ‘.kt’. If you’re not using Android 3.0, you may now see a notice telling you that Kotlin is not yet configured. So as you might have already guessed, you need to configure it! Just go to Tools > Kotlin > Configure Kotlin (or click the prompt). You’ll be asked to choose a version and it’s generally advisable to pick the latest available. If this goes according to plan, then your module-wide Gradle file should be updated to reflect the changes. If you want to check, then look for the line: apply plugin: ‘kotlin-android’ and a dependency for kotlin-stdlib. If that’s all in place, then you can sync your project and everything should be ready to go. You can now start coding in Kotlin just as you normally would in Java. Either way, you’re now ready to start developing with Kotlin! Note that it is usually a good idea to create a new directory for your Kotlin files, or to replace your java folder entirely if you’re using purely Kotlin from here on in. You can create new Kotlin files by right clicking the target directory and then selecting New > Kotlin Activity. Hello Kotlin: some basic syntax and differences Okay, let’s take a look at the code we already have. First, you might notice that you declare classes using class just as you would in Java. The difference is that there’s no public keyword, which is because all classes in Kotlin are public and final. You might also notice that we aren’t using extend either. Instead, we use a colon which does the same thing. What about that fun command? This is actually short for ‘function’ (not so fun), so instead of writing public void you’ll now write fun. This then lends our class a public function that we can call from other classes. Arguments are specified in brackets following the function name. To do this, you’ll need to know how to define variables, which is a little different. To create a string, you might write: var text: String = “Hello” Although actually, Kotlin is usually smart enough to identify a variable’s type on its own just like Python, so you can generally just write: var text = “Hello” To create a string, or: var num = 3 To create an integer. This is how you would create a mutable (changeable) variable. val is used to create constants. So when creating functions with arguments,  that’s what you’ll see in the brackets. And these variables can have default values, which is also handy. So you might see something like this: fun SayHello(var userName : String = “User”) {
                textView.setText(“Hello, $userName!”)
} There’s one more big difference you may have spotted by now too… no semicolons! You’re free to include them if you want to but there is no longer an obligation and you won’t get penalized if you miss one. If you’re someone who still always forgets one somewhere, then this might come as good news! You’ll notice lots of other little differences to the syntax as you go and of course it’s beyond the scope of this post to list all of them here. However, the structure is still fairly similar, so on the whole you should be able to deduce what everything does from the context and perhaps with a little trial and error. You’ll find a great introduction here. The true power of Kotlin: helping you type less A lot of the time, code will look a fair bit simpler and shorter in Kotlin as compared with Java. Consider the following example of adding an onClickListener to a FAB. Here is how you would do it in Java: FloatingActionButton fab = (FloatingActionButton) findViewById(R.id.fab);
 fab.setOnClickListener(new View.OnClickListener() {
     @Override
     public void onClick(View view) {
     ...
     }
 });
 And this is the same thing in Kotlin: val fab = findViewById(R.id.fab) as FloatingActionButton
 fab.setOnClickListener {
 ...
 } It’s just a lot simpler and more straightforward and it makes for more readable code as you go. Like I said: less boilerplate. And actually, it goes a lot deeper than this. Kotlin developers can do away with ever having to write that findViewByID again! To do this, you need to apply a plugin. You do this in the module-level build.gradle file by adding the line: apply plugin: ‘kotlin-android-extensions’ Click ‘sync’ and you’ll then be able to import references to your views right at the top of your code, like so: import kotlinx.android.synthetic.main.<layout>.<view-id> By doing this, you’ll then be able to access the view directly with no need to use its ID. This makes life much simpler and can save you writing a lot of arbitrary code. Throw in lambda expressions and your code starts to get very concise indeed. Lambda expressions are anonymous functions that let you further reduce the amount you need to write by putting everything onto a single line. The statement is surrounded by curly brackets, containing parameters followed by an arrow symbol and then the body. For example,an onClickListener can look like this: button.setOnClickListener({ view -> toast("Clicked!") }) And if the function requires another function as the last parameter, you can pass it outside the parentheses: button.setOnClickListener() { toast("Clicked!") } Combining these techniques you can save yourself a whole lot of busywork and you’ll find many more useful time-saving strategies going forward. Going forward And there you have it: that’s Kotlin in a nutshell. Is it right for you? Ultimately, this comes down to personal preference and your sensibilities when it comes to coding. Personally, I’m a fan of the streamlined nature of Kotlin and the way it removes a lot of unnecessary lines of code. Hopefully, this post has given you enough of a primer that you can make your own mind up and continue your education if you decide it’s of interest. If you want to have a little play around, then you can try Kotlin in your browser here. Whatever you decide, having more options is only ever a good thing! Android Development Android Studio, Kotlin, Android Studio 3.0 Android Studio, Android Studio 3.0, Kotlin Adam Sinicki Show 3 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 15 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 29 May 2017 | MYT 3:38 PM Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices An AI-enabled processor would help Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality. — Bloomberg Apple Inc got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands.  Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips.  Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence – such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment.  Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants.  An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world.  “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.”  Improved performance  Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance.  Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016.  That chip worked in Google’s datacentres to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp also sells a similar chip to cloud customers.  The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year.  Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said.  Developer conference  Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp.  An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops.  In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. — Bloomberg  Related Stories You May Be Interested Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish The need to educate investors on ponzi and pyramid scheme Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read Getting closer to diverse society on two wheels Preparing for dry days U.S. Secretary of State Tillerson says China needs to step on North Korea advertisement Latest News Apple to software developers: We have new hardware for your apps European telecoms firms pin hopes on Esports video game gladiators China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology Most Viewed in Tech Bentley on Demand is like Uber for the uber rich Here’s how to know if someone’s blocked you on WhatsApp Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Microsoft’s weapon in high-stakes cloud-computing battle with Amazon? Freebies Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology European telecoms firms pin hopes on Esports video game gladiators Injustice 2: Doing justice to DC Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
HomeArchivesVideoCartoonsAboutSearchLoginRules/FAQContactDonationsMerchandise Home Archives Video Cartoons About Search Login More Rules/FAQ Contact Donations Merchandise Archives Home → Articles Share |  Twitter |  Facebook | Comments | Print |  Email May 29, 2017 No-Money-Down Niche Sites By Mike Konrad In the 1980s and 1990s, a business phenomenon arose called "no money down real estate."  Its superstar was Carleton Sheets.  Remember him?  He was on late-night TV selling get-rich-quick schemes with techniques on how to buy real estate with no money down.  Carleton Sheets's infomercials were always wedged around some amazing product peddled by Ron Popeil, such as the Pocket Fisherman or his father Sam Popeil's legendary Veg-O-Matic, or my personal favorite, Popeils GLH spray-on hair.  I never did get a satisfactory explanation of what happens if that hair was caught in a rainstorm, so I never bought the product. But give Popeil credit.  Campy though it was, a lot of his stuff worked and still gets good reviews.  Carleton Sheets's instructional products were not as well thought of. First, if Sheets was making so much money selling no-money-down real estate, why would he give away his secrets?  Second, it seems there was more money to be had in selling tapes and videos than in buying and selling no-money-down real estate. The problem with such a system is that, while technically not a pyramid scheme, it is perilously close.  Such schemes work if only a few people use them.  When everybody uses schemes, such as no-money-down real estate, the margin of profit evaporates due to competition.  Not so with Ron Popeil's Pocket Fisherman, which is limited only by the amount of fish in local bodies of water, nor his father's Veg-O-Matic, which is limited only by the number of potatoes available and the desire for julienned fries. Into this realm of surreal money-making schemes has come the internet niche site – a site that has superficial informational articles, quite often lightweight, surrounded by ads.  In theory, some of the ads should generate income from commissions when people click on them and make a purchase. The idea is that if the articles are good enough, the niche site will attract readers and rise high enough to stand out on Google to be found readily by search engines.  With only a little effort, one's website will be a star, with more people clicking on the ads.  The reality is that plagiarism is rampant, with everyone copying and writing what is essentially a variation of the same article. If one were expecting to make money by writing a niche site about the trending "tiny house" market with the idea that after commissions, one should be making thousands of dollars a month, a quick look at Google will show that there are 55 million sites to compete with.  If one thinks he can write articles good enough to stand out, one should be apprised that, thanks to cutting and pasting, the article and the photo that goes with it will circle the globe in a matter of minutes. If one were to start a website on Japanese digital cameras, one would find over 5 million websites  to compete with.  So much for get-rich-quick schemes. Of course, there are social media tricks to rise higher in Google searches – with the idea that more people will land on your site, and you will make more money – but Google has gotten wise to the tricks.  Google now prefers substantive content.   And anyone who has been to these sites soon realizes they all use variations of the same content.  So much for substance. Niche sites may have worked all well and good a decade ago, when the practitioners of this new scheme were relatively few, but with the advent of cheap web hosting, and the improvements in user-friendly WordPress, countless numbers of people have taken up the practice of writing niche sites with the idea of getting rich quick. I know a gentlemen, a rather well educated man, who ran a profitable golf magazine a decade ago.  He is now moving over to the internet and cannot understand why the number of visitors to his site is so low and why he cannot sell advertising.  He wants quality articles, but I told him that in the internet age, quantity often trumps quality.  He is interested in good photography on his site, but I keep having to remind him that most people do not have retina-quality screens, and he is wasting his time. All the rules have changed, except the urge to get rich quick. The real interesting thing to notice is that there are over 2 million results for "niche site" on Google and over half a million instructional videos.  In fact, there are niche sites on how to build niche sites.  One site has over 100 podcasts.  The ads offer web hosting at Bluehost and site building software.  Another website will instruct you on how to make niche sites... for a fee. Shades of Carleton Sheets!  There seems to be more money explaining how to build niche sites than there is in actually building niche sites. It seems web hosting companies are the ones most prospering by this phenomenon – that and the retailers, who are getting what amounts to free advertising. I have been doing web design as a hobby for the past ten years.  I remember using WordPress when it was in Version 1.9, and very few recognized its potential to become a CMS.  I did, and I used it almost immediately for that reason.  Around 2008 and 2009, I was writing WordPress themes.  I gave up when HTML5 came out and the themes became hypercomplex – they are now written by teams. But the lure of writing a wonder-site still overcomes me, and I regularly set out to do so.  However, I am constrained by the reality that I would be competing against millions. The competition has become so rarified that the goal now is to make a niche site, even if it performs poorly, and sell the domain and site at ten times the monthly income.  I suppose this is equivalent to selling niche site derivatives. Human nature has not changed on the internet.  It has just reached its full expression. My respect for Ron Popeil, however, has increased.  At least his stuff worked. Mike Konrad is the pen name of an American who wishes he had availed himself more fully of the opportunity to learn Spanish in high school, lo those many decades ago.  He writes on the Arabs of South America at http://latinarabia.com. In the 1980s and 1990s, a business phenomenon arose called "no money down real estate."  Its superstar was Carleton Sheets.  Remember him?  He was on late-night TV selling get-rich-quick schemes with techniques on how to buy real estate with no money down.  Carleton Sheets's infomercials were always wedged around some amazing product peddled by Ron Popeil, such as the Pocket Fisherman or his father Sam Popeil's legendary Veg-O-Matic, or my personal favorite, Popeils GLH spray-on hair.  I never did get a satisfactory explanation of what happens if that hair was caught in a rainstorm, so I never bought the product. But give Popeil credit.  Campy though it was, a lot of his stuff worked and still gets good reviews.  Carleton Sheets's instructional products were not as well thought of. First, if Sheets was making so much money selling no-money-down real estate, why would he give away his secrets?  Second, it seems there was more money to be had in selling tapes and videos than in buying and selling no-money-down real estate. The problem with such a system is that, while technically not a pyramid scheme, it is perilously close.  Such schemes work if only a few people use them.  When everybody uses schemes, such as no-money-down real estate, the margin of profit evaporates due to competition.  Not so with Ron Popeil's Pocket Fisherman, which is limited only by the amount of fish in local bodies of water, nor his father's Veg-O-Matic, which is limited only by the number of potatoes available and the desire for julienned fries. Into this realm of surreal money-making schemes has come the internet niche site – a site that has superficial informational articles, quite often lightweight, surrounded by ads.  In theory, some of the ads should generate income from commissions when people click on them and make a purchase. The idea is that if the articles are good enough, the niche site will attract readers and rise high enough to stand out on Google to be found readily by search engines.  With only a little effort, one's website will be a star, with more people clicking on the ads.  The reality is that plagiarism is rampant, with everyone copying and writing what is essentially a variation of the same article. If one were expecting to make money by writing a niche site about the trending "tiny house" market with the idea that after commissions, one should be making thousands of dollars a month, a quick look at Google will show that there are 55 million sites to compete with.  If one thinks he can write articles good enough to stand out, one should be apprised that, thanks to cutting and pasting, the article and the photo that goes with it will circle the globe in a matter of minutes. If one were to start a website on Japanese digital cameras, one would find over 5 million websites  to compete with.  So much for get-rich-quick schemes. Of course, there are social media tricks to rise higher in Google searches – with the idea that more people will land on your site, and you will make more money – but Google has gotten wise to the tricks.  Google now prefers substantive content.   And anyone who has been to these sites soon realizes they all use variations of the same content.  So much for substance. Niche sites may have worked all well and good a decade ago, when the practitioners of this new scheme were relatively few, but with the advent of cheap web hosting, and the improvements in user-friendly WordPress, countless numbers of people have taken up the practice of writing niche sites with the idea of getting rich quick. I know a gentlemen, a rather well educated man, who ran a profitable golf magazine a decade ago.  He is now moving over to the internet and cannot understand why the number of visitors to his site is so low and why he cannot sell advertising.  He wants quality articles, but I told him that in the internet age, quantity often trumps quality.  He is interested in good photography on his site, but I keep having to remind him that most people do not have retina-quality screens, and he is wasting his time. All the rules have changed, except the urge to get rich quick. The real interesting thing to notice is that there are over 2 million results for "niche site" on Google and over half a million instructional videos.  In fact, there are niche sites on how to build niche sites.  One site has over 100 podcasts.  The ads offer web hosting at Bluehost and site building software.  Another website will instruct you on how to make niche sites... for a fee. Shades of Carleton Sheets!  There seems to be more money explaining how to build niche sites than there is in actually building niche sites. It seems web hosting companies are the ones most prospering by this phenomenon – that and the retailers, who are getting what amounts to free advertising. I have been doing web design as a hobby for the past ten years.  I remember using WordPress when it was in Version 1.9, and very few recognized its potential to become a CMS.  I did, and I used it almost immediately for that reason.  Around 2008 and 2009, I was writing WordPress themes.  I gave up when HTML5 came out and the themes became hypercomplex – they are now written by teams. But the lure of writing a wonder-site still overcomes me, and I regularly set out to do so.  However, I am constrained by the reality that I would be competing against millions. The competition has become so rarified that the goal now is to make a niche site, even if it performs poorly, and sell the domain and site at ten times the monthly income.  I suppose this is equivalent to selling niche site derivatives. Human nature has not changed on the internet.  It has just reached its full expression. My respect for Ron Popeil, however, has increased.  At least his stuff worked. Mike Konrad is the pen name of an American who wishes he had availed himself more fully of the opportunity to learn Spanish in high school, lo those many decades ago.  He writes on the Arabs of South America at http://latinarabia.com. Share |  Twitter |  Facebook | Comments | Print |  Email FOLLOW US ON RECENT VIDEOS More Videos » About Us | Contact | Privacy Policy | RSS Syndication © American Thinker 2017
null
NEWS REVIEWS FEATURES WIN NEWSLETTER NEWS REVIEWS FEATURES WIN NEWSLETTER Search for: 6 things we love about the HTC U11 HTC’s squeeze-friendly smartphone is unique, and looks gorgeous 29 May 2017 by Stuff Staff It might have been one of the last heavy hitters to make an appearance this year, but HTC didn’t disappoint with the U11: it’s a fantastic phone that is just begging to be slipped into your pocket. With some of the most distinctive colour schemes we’ve seen on a phone since the crazy days of Nokia, and high-end hardware to match, there’s lots here to like. Here are six things that we love about the HTC U 11. 1) THOSE EYE-CATCHING COLOURS There’s no getting away from it – the U11 has some truly terrific colour choices. HTC’s Liquid Surface glass adds different hues and shades to give the impression of a water droplet, one that shimmers and shifts colour when you hold it at different angles. Compared to a flat black Galaxy S8, or Space Grey iPhone 7, the HTC wins every time. At launch, Amazing Silver is the star of the show, thanks to a mix of blues, purples and silver, polished up to a mirror finish, but wait a month or two and the luxurious Solar Red should arrive. It’s curiously crimson from the front, but switches to glorious gold at the edges. It’s a real stunner. 2) IT TAKES FANTASTIC PHOTOS A 12MP sensor doesn’t sound all that impressive, but with dual-pixel autofocus and the world’s first 5-axis optical image stabilisation in a smartphone, the U11 punches well above its weight when it comes to the camera. The detail packed into each snap is fantastic, either matching or beating major rivals such as the iPhone 7 Plus, Google Pixel and Samsung Galaxy S8. It’s a dab hand when it comes to low light, too, thanks to an f/1.7 aperture that lets as much light hit the sensor as possible. HTC’s image processing algorithms are delicate, too, so detail isn’t stripped away just to hide noise. 3) WE’LL NEVER GET TIRED OF THE SQUEEZY SIDES No, they don’t do very much right now, but the U11’s Edge Sense panels soon will. As a feature it’s bags of fun, and a totally different way to get things done on your phone. You can use those squeezable sides to do all manner of things: turning on your flashlight, for instance, or take a selfie, or summon Google Assistant (without having to shout “OK Google” first). And that’s just the start. Once other apps support it properly, the possibilities will be huge. 4) IT’S A PERFORMANCE POWERHOUSE Any discerning 2017 flagship phone has Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 835 inside, and the U11 is no exception. That instantly gives it an edge over the likes of LG’s G6 and the Google Pixel, which make do with last year’s silicon. It’s quick enough to run just about anything you can throw at it from the Google Play Store, and has no trouble keeping Android 7 Nougat ticking over without any stutter or slowdown. It’s not a battery hog, either. The U11 has a 3000mAh battery, but can easily last an entire day away from the mains – even if you’re feeding a serious Clash of Clans habit. 5) SPEAKERS THAT REALLY SING Boomsound was easily one of the best things about HTC’s last-gen phones, and now we’ve got an even better version. They might not face forward any more, but the U11’s stereo speakers are so powerful that you won’t need a Bluetooth speaker to get the party started: just crank up the volume and let the phone do all the work. Turning the inside of the handset into an acoustic chamber doesn’t exactly create a cacophony of bass, but it sounds much, much louder than any other flagship phone. Don’t think it’ll be nothing but distortion, either – sound quality really is very good for such a small set of speakers. 7) THE NOISE-CANCELLING CANS Previous versions of HTC’s USonic ear buds already adjusted themselves to suit your own ear drums, using sonic pulses and built-in microphones to tweak the music EQ accordingly, but now they’ve got built-in noise cancelling too. And it really works! OK, so it’s not quite as silence-inducing as a pair of noise-cancelling ‘phones from Bose or Sony, but they get the job done on public transport, and keep your office buddies from disturbing you when you’re trying to get some work done too. Not bad at all, seeing how they’re free and all.   Comments comments STUFF PICKS 7 things we learned from the official Star Wars Battlefront II launch You can now preorder the Sony Xperia XZ Premium in the UAE, KSA and Qatar Apple iPad (2017) review (US$350) Console Showdown: Xbox One S vs PlayStation 4 Pro vs Project Scorpio Here are the best deals on the Samsung Galaxy S8 in the UAE Follow us Facebook G Plus Twitter YouTube Subscribe to the Magazine
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 6:37pm PDTMay 27, 2017 56 Plus 1 on G+ 132 Share on Facebook 48 Share on Twitter Total Shares236 Deals Google News If your Memorial Day weekend plans are being ruined by poor weather, Google has an offer for you. It recently tossed up a little holiday sale on movies and TV shows over on Google Play, including some deals that are over 50% off their regular prices. So if you can't go camping or throw that family barbecue because of rain, at least you and your loved ones can snuggle up inside while you binge watch The Wire. It'll be good for little Johnny's character. Among the better movie collections being offered are The Lord of the Rings Trilogy for $20, the Back to the Future Trilogy for $15, and "The Best of Tarantino" six-movie collection for $30. The latter includes one of my favorite cheesy horror movies, From Dusk Till Dawn. The TV selection has a lot of solid HBO shows — if you don't happen to have HBO Go — as well as the complete X-Files for $50, American Horror Story seasons 1-5 for $60 and the amazing Kung Fu series in its entirety for $30. For more family-oriented deals there are a ton of shows from Nickelodeon, as well as a small number of animated children's film collections. You know what? The outdoors are over-rated. Who would want to spend a weekend outside with their loving family when they could spend days forcing their children to appreciate their favorite childhood movies. Let's face it, in the long run, your kids will thank you. Source: Google Play (1, 2) Tags deal alert google play memorial day movies sale tv subscribe ... Previous Story Google for Jobs going live for some people ... Next Story [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments me me still seem expensive for what they are... Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ It's true. All movies should be free for everyone. No company should want to make money. me me didnt say should be free. Just said expensive for what they are. Older films.... and things I've already seen or don't want to see. Eric Braun Then don't buy, problem solved. me me Correct. So they get no money which is less than if they charged less for them to intersect the value. Patrick Smithopolis And all phones should be dirt cheap so the manufacturers don't make any money and their companies go under. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ And also high end. I want the newest Qualcomm Snapdragon, Gorilla Glass 5, a 4k 5.5" screen, 3000 mAh battery, IP97 waterproofing, and all for $100. That shouldn't be that hard, right? splus I bet this is your favorite movie - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1679335/ (Trolls) Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ That movie is amazing. Trust me, I know movies. I know the best movies, terrific movies. I have the best movies, but there is no better movie than Trolls. xyz My fav movie is You're a Cunt. ethd Ooooo, got 'im! Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ My god, I've seen the light. You have quite thoroughly dashed my hopes and dreams. Matt Because X-Files and Back the Future are the latest and greatest movies and TV shows, right? Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Exactly. Greatest movies and shows of all time. Nothing can compare. Truly works of art. xyz Go fuck yourself. Or better, let a Hollywood producer do it....for a fee of course. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Brutal. Savage. Rekt. -Matoro Zeliph- Yeah, these (old) digital movies are pretty expensive than the physical bundle dvds you find at Walmart. You would think that digital (old) movies would be cheaper than the physical disc! Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,..... Christopher Phillips I work from comfort of my house, by doing hassle-free projects that solely demands from you a Laptop and on-line connection and Now I am more successful than before... After half a year on this job opportunity and i obtained cash in total 36,000 dollars... Basically I make up close to eighty bucks/h and also work for three to four hrs every single day.And marvelous point about this work is usually that you can also supervise time whenever you do the job and for just how long as you may prefer and you generate a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now -Matoro Zeliph- Shut up 4Ui812 That's because they are. As for the jackals that are knocking your comment ; they fail to grasp the concept. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,....... Travis Simerly I think you made John Galt mad. Travis Simerly It's definitely too expensive for a movie that doesn't even have 5.1 sound. I had 5.1 when I watched The Fellowship on a CRT TV. Will you have to buy another digital copy again to get better than stereo? You definitely will have to purchase again for a 4K digital copy. lm_a_dope Seems expensive to me. Alex Louderback My seams in my shirt aren't very expensive, you must buy fancy seams Juniors234 i see what you did there... lm_a_dope Hey I was typing on a phone and fixed it in less than 10s, stop being a ass. FelschR an ass* Stephen B Morris I wish Google would let me pay the difference to upgrade to the UHD version. I also wish they would create a UHD section. Tai Ch Play verry helpful Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 118 queries | 0.381s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 176 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares292 Deals Google News The movie-related deals continue! Google must be paying attention to the forecasts for this weekend in anticipation of ruined family outings. There is a list up on Google Play of 100 different movies, and renting any one of them is just $1 right now with the new promo. If you haven't seen Logan, Arrival, or Get Out, now you can give it a watch on the cheap. And if the kids are starting to go crazy being trapped indoors at grandma's, you can quickly toss up Moana, Finding Dory, or The Incredibles and save yourself for an hour or two. The offer ends on July 7th, and you may have to follow specific steps to redeem it. There are a few caveats. For one, you only get one rental at this price, and two, the deal might not appear for everyone. Your deal might also be be different, some are seeing $1.50. Redeeming the offer might also be a bit awkward, as it seems to be tied to a user-specific coupon code. To use it you need to go to the Google Play Movies page and see if you have the ad visible below. Clicking the ad opens a prompt to redeem the offer. Google says that this offer is only open to specific users based on their purchase history, so YMMV. If everything goes smoothly, you'll have your $1 rental in no time. The full terms and conditions for the deal are available below. $0.99 for any movie rental Get any one movie rental of your choice for $0.99. Choose any title from the newest releases to classics including the selection below! Discount will be added to "Account => Rewards" and applied at checkout. Watch anywhere including offline on your mobile laptop tablet and supported Android devices. Redeem your offer by July 7 2017 on Google Play from compatible Internet connected devices using a Google account. Limit 1 per user. Nontransferable. No cash value. Cannot be used in conjunction with other offers or discounts except Google Play Gift Cards. This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history. Age restrictions apply. See Content Promotion Terms and Google Play Terms & Conditions. Source: Google Play Tags deal alert Google Movie rental one dollar subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ryan Cavitt For me it is $1.49 movie rental. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/775f0f71aed9f34ac07ff6ad601181ea5b3f6032e83ebbb77a61864b8a5699a6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/935239b72cb3597bcaca6892f03e0617be1222001a269d0294c90fb5bd16804c.png bekifft Same for me. Not sure what they're welcoming me back from. It wasn't all that long ago I rented Arrival from them. Ryne Hager I was curious what the differences by account might be. I'll update the post to include that. Hurricane Andrew Same here, I got the $1.49 deal yesterday. nagi Does not seem to be active in Hungary. Probably US-only. Arnaldo Rodriguez For me its $0.99 but when I get to the checkout, its $4.99 again s_bomb Same for me, no discount being applied Mathew Michel I'm guessing we aren't eligible since we use the discounts regularly: "This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history." s_bomb I had to click the banner advertising the deal and "accept" the deal, after that it is being applied. Gilberto Just as @s_bomb:disqus said, I had to click the banner first, and the price is $1.49 -_- Christopher Phillips I work from ease of my house, via doing very simple activities that solely require from you a Laptop or desktop pc together with internet connection and I am more happy than ever before... After six months time in this job opportunity and also i acquired professionally paid in sum Thirty six Thousand bucks... Generally I get roughly 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours time day by day.And stunning factor with this work is the fact that you can easily organize time when you do the job and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check weekly.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,.... me me I see the $0.99, I pick a film, I see rent/buy SD/HD, click on SD rent and it shows $4.99, right upto the point of debitting my credit card. That appears to me to be actually $4.99, not $0.99 ? Ryne Hager Yup, you have to actually redeem their coupon code via an advertisement you'll see on the main page for Google Play Movies, as noted in the article. me me Well that appears not true / applicable. I see $0.99, and then I click on it and it gets right up to the point of about to debit card and its $4.99. So its clickbait to fool me into paying $4.99. Nope. Ryne Hager Unfortunately, if you don't redeem the code via the advertisement on the Play landing page, you won't get the discount. me me Ahh. So YOUR LINK is bad. What i did: Ignore your link. Go to play.google.com Movies then the $0.99 is shown, click on that, then the film, then at checkout its $0.99 shown. Thanks for bringing to our attention, figured out valid method eventually. Ryne Hager Fortunately exactly those instructions were included in the article. Glad you were able to get it to work! iboalali It's a shame that I will never rent or buy any movie or TV show from the play store, because I can't get anything in English (I live in Germany). Except if I want to watch something in German. I rather buy/rent from the Microsoft store, they offer everything in German and English for me. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Wait, where is me me so they can complain that it's still too expensive? Keith Taylor Since I have 5 different accounts I just used on of my secondary ones. blazingwolf I'm getting an offer for 2 episodes of a TV show for $.99. I would rather have the movie but I guess this is better than nothing. ROB Same here... can't imagine a show I would want to pay to see lomsha Shows on 1 account but not the other lol. dullknives same. primary accnt - nothing. secondary accnt - offer is there. pfmiller It says an offer to welcome you back, so it's probably for accounts that haven't used Google Movies recently. roebling "La La Land", the big winner of the last Academy Awards, is on the $0.99 list OtisFeelgood Offer showed up as $1.49 for me. Marty Damn! I was really hyped about this. Sadly the only movies I would have been interested in suck. Logan, The Great Wall and Split all suck. 30014 Logan and Split were awesome, not interested in The Great Wall. Justin Osborne Ah, I reported this about a month ago, it's been going on for some time now. 😛 Marty Tried to rent Passengers and was charged $5.99. Got a refund. iKon Guys, just download Shoebox. Any movie for free. Y'all don't need these offers Good_Ole_Pinocchio Yeaa... Not everybody wants to pirate AC I don't really care about not being eligible for the discount, but it's REALLY tacky of Google to splash the offer screen up for everyone and then sweep the rug under unsuspecting users that didn't receive the promo. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.533s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google is now offering four free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/26 2:17pm PDTMay 26, 2017 82 Plus 1 on G+ 614 Share on Facebook 102 Share on Twitter Total Shares798 Google News Right now it looks like Google is running a special offer for Google Play Music. New subscribers that sign up here can get four free months of service instead of the usual three. No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it. It could save you an extra $10. Again, this particular offer is only for new subscribers. I've been a fan of Play Music for a long time, though the device removal limit does get in the way when you switch between devices and ROMs as often as I do. Being able to mix your own library with those of a service also comes in handy. That way I can continue to support artists I am passionate about, without eschewing the larger selection of a subscription offering for the purposes of content discovery, all while being able to fill the gaps in that library. There are a lot of different music services out there, but if you're interested combining your curated library with music available via a subscription, then your options are limited. Spotify does allow you to play back locally stored files, which is convenient, but it isn't quite the same. Amazon also allows you to upload your music for playback via Amazon Music, and with Amazon Prime membership, you get a small library of streaming music to go along with that. For $10 a month ($8 for Prime members) you can access their full library as well. But, Google Play Music has a great interface and plugs nicely into all the other Google services we love. Maybe with this new offer, it's time you gave Google Play Music a chance? After all, even if it doesn't end up working out, you still got four free months of music out of the deal. Source: Google Play Music Tags google play music play music promo special offer subscription subscription music subscribe ... Previous Story OnePlus starts a referral program just in time for the OnePlus 5 ... Next Story [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ailín Ó’S Tried the code in Ireland, Britain and Greece and it works, glad to see it works in Europe too! Carson Saldanha Wait, wdym 3 different countries? Did you share it with others or something? Ailín Ó’S I live in Ireland, so that's my main account. I have a secondary account based in England as part of a mail forwarder service I use, and my bf is Greek so I had him check the code on his account :) Carson Saldanha Oh wow! Carson Saldanha Hey, since I know it worked for you, are you able to use YouTube Red along with this Play Music free trial? Because my YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled for me. Ailín Ó’S No, unfortunately not as I live in the EU and YouTube Red is only available in USA. Carson Saldanha Weird, I'm in the US though. Ailín Ó’S Ooh that is odd. Sign out of the app then sign back in maybe? Carson Saldanha No luck :( I'm in contact with Google support atm Hopefully they can sort this out Mike Worth it alone for Youtube Red MisterAlex Sweet, I wasn't sure if that was included. Thanks. Should mention that in the main blog post. Ben Still no student membership >:( Ailín Ó’S Spotify is a great alternative @€$£5/month. Ben I know that's what I use just because it's half the price. Ailín Ó’S In Ireland Vodafone have a partnership with Spotify whereby it costs €5 standard instead of €10 regardless of if you're a student or not, they even bundle it with some of their plans. Vodafone do the same in some other countries they operate in (not all). Maybe see if any network in your country has a partnership like that? Worth a shot! Ben Oh yeah I'm on EE in the UK and I've got Apple Music for free for 6 months but like iTunes is a massive stinking turd. Ailín Ó’S I'd rather go back to the days of getting music via Bluetooth from friends than use crApple Music 😂😂 Rahul Krishna In india, we have play music for 1.4 usd/month Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India.?? Rahul Krishna Well I subscribed to it when it launched here (about 2 months ago), so I can't confirm that. But at this price, there is nothing to be disappointed about. aRvInD I wish Spotify launches soon here. I can't keep using that patched version here...!! Rahul Krishna Me too xyz As it should be, you can't charge European or American prices in India. Rahul Krishna Yes true. There are lots​ of people here with a very cheap Android phone. They cannot pay much money. Julian Coronado That's actually what's keeping me away from Play Music. I've used my free months and I loved the Youtube Red too. But as a student, Spotify for $5 / month is too great to pass up on. Emiliejmosley Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sm141c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sm141c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs431ShopRichGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sm141c:....,..... Cakefish Spotify ftw ToniCipriani ✓pǝᴉɟᴉɹǝʌ I don't think this is a new offer, got this a while back. In fact my 4 months is expiring next week. Prefer Spotify over it. Song selection a tad bit weaker, and for foreign songs it tries to translate the song names to English and makes it hard to look up. folkrav I like it, it's way cheaper than Spotify for me - my mother, my sister, my wife and myself each pay 30$ a year and we're set - but Jesus do I hate the clients. I don't like the website's interface, I hate the Android app. But yeah, I'll deal with it cause it's cheap, I guess. Carson Saldanha Got it! Yay! Jim I wish I could somehow get it on my Amazon Echo hahaha. I guess if I had paid for a Google Home it would be worth trying out. Forget vega #getEVGA Why google play music isn't available in my country ? Ailín Ó’S Try Apple Music? They seem to be just about everywhere. Iamsecond And this is why Apple continue to dominate, because Apple are truly interested in being an international company whereas Google is just playing at it. Such a shame xyz Because Google sucks. Bartek Juszczak My GPM radio's are so good these days I love that Google is so into AI. Whether It's just "I'm being lucky" or radio from a specific song, band or album they very rarely disappoint me these days. I just make sure to thumbs up if it plays a song I particularly love. I am a student and could go cheaper with spotify but the AI generated playlists have me locked in. If it's £5 cheaper but I'm not gonna enjoy it nearly as much then it's not really a good deal. AndTheWorldMayNeverKnow I used the 3 or 4 months free trial during the holidays then bought the family plan for $14.99 a month. 4 people in my family us it and it works great, the app could use some tweaks but it's really good overall. paev If you listen to main stream music it doesn't really matter what service to use. However, if you like something unusual, weird or other languages then Google is a way to go. I found bands on Google music that Spotify displayed as not found. Google also have new synth bands that Spotify doesn't. I'm for Google too. Daniel I discovered that GPM is kinda like a music label. I once went to a section of Google play explaining how indie artists can use GPM like a music label as long as they own all their rights. Ryne Hager Ultraista (among others) keeps me using Google Play Music as well as Spotify. Carson Saldanha Does anyone else who activated the Play Music trial have YouTube Red working as well? My YT Red doesn't seem to be enabled while my Play Music is. Michael Carr I spotted a similar offer a couple of months ago, and I took it after a day or two's thought. Just last week, I moved directly into a family plan. PewPewYoureDead It's hard to recommend Google Play Music until they revamp the UI. Margaritas Ante Porcos Google Music is the only choice in some markets, like Russia, where no Spotify or Pandora are available. There are too many shortcomings in Google Music and Google never shows interest in making services better than below average. I really wonder why Google refuses to become the best at anything. Real magic here. Pixel syndrome all the way. Yet Google Music is on my phone and I use it because there's no choice whatsoever. Rob You answered your own question. If there's no alternative, then they don't have any incentive to improve the service. SupahNin10doh Stupid Dorito logo... Raymond Berger Huh, I just subscribed to the trial but you youtube red hasn't kicked in yet. Any idea how long it takes? Iamsecond If you live in the UK, about 2 years so far h20ray Google Play Music is currently available in select territories and for select account types. Umang Ladia I'm only seeing 2 months offer in India, anybody can confirm? Mohammad Ovais Yeah, same for me. Maybe it's region limited. Isolde I think you need to open the link in a browser, if you open it in the app it's just the normal 2 months. bligui Confirmed need to open it from link and it works Manoj | Blogging Triggers Is Google Music really worth to it? We have better alternatives Sathiya Moorthy Karan I came across a great post, it seems to be so cool http://developeit.net/android-news-image-scanner-finder/ Zachariah Mann It only shows up as 2 free months for me. I live in Michigan. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a19b7e9dddb67bf897c751aedf63c01917048214140db901fd783b2182d8d5c0.png Jefferson Rodrigues https://play.google.com/music/listen?coupon=120DFREE&coupontype=vanity#/sulp Zachariah Mann That link still brought me to the same page on the Play Music App which offers 2 months free. Does it matter if I'm opening it on a computer or web page? Jefferson Rodrigues I don't know. Mikael Jakobsson Should mabye joine premium at Google Music if that coste like $2 max a month dont understand why they should take as mutch as someone some has app or Win32 software to PC so music controllers one they keyboards works. Tab out frome a game for pause music when the round is over is just bad. Arif Gürü And stil isnt available on Turkey xyz "No telling how long this offer might last, so if you have been considering subscribing, now might be the time to do it." No thanks, I'll just use YouTube. Only thing YT needs is an option to play audio only so I can save a wee bit more data when I don't need video. Cai Copley Nope. If it wasn't for the fact work pays for Spotify Premium and the fact Spotify has Crossfade to emulate a DJ system, maybe I'd give it a whirl. bligui Not working any more to bad Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.313s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Videos Gallery Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Opinion Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Monday, Jun 05, 2017 | Last Update : 10:53 AM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Technology Lifestyle Videos Gallery Business More... Opinion Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Technology, Mobiles and Tabs New malware hits millions of Android devices, infected apps removed by Google DECCAN CHRONICLE. Published May 29, 2017, 12:44 pm IST Updated May 29, 2017, 6:19 pm IST The research firm noted that the malicious code was present hidden in an app since April 2016, undetected by Google.  The malware “Judy” is an auto-clicking adware which help companies boost their revenues. Up to 36.5 million Android devices may have been infected by a malware found in over 41 apps on Google Play Store that generates fake clicks for adverts, say security researchers. The malware, named “Judy”, was discovered by a security research firm Checkpoint in over 41 apps available on Play Store, suspiciously developed by a Korean company Kinwini and published under the moniker ENISTUDIO Corp. “The malware uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent click on advertisement, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it,” Checkpoint said in a blogpost. According to Checkpoint, it is possible that developers may have borrowed the malicious code from others, knowingly or unknowingly, which caused spike in number of phones infected by the malware. "It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown," Check Point says, but those download numbers mean "the total spread of the malware may have reached between 8.5 and 36.5 million users." The research firm noted that the malicious code was present hidden in an app since April 2016, undetected by Google. Google “swiftly” removed the infected apps from Play Store after being notified about their existence, but not before, they “reached an astonishing spread between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads.” “Some of the malware apps we discovered resided on Google Play for several years, but all were recently updated,” Checkpoint added. What is Judy and how does it work? The malware “Judy” is an auto-clicking adware which help companies boost their revenues.  Hacker designed the malware in such a way that it bypasses Google Play Store’s protection. It “seemingly benign bridgehead app, meant to establish connection to the victim’s device, and insert it into the app store.” Checkpoint explained: “Once a user downloads a malicious app, it silently registers receivers which establish a connection with the command-and-control server. The server replies with the actual malicious payload, which includes JavaScript code, a user-agent string and URLs controlled by the malware author. The malware opens the URLs using the user agent that imitates a PC browser in a hidden webpage and receives a redirection to another website. Once the targeted website is launched, the malware uses the JavaScript code to locate and click on banners from the Google ads infrastructure. “Upon clicking the ads, the malware author receives payment from the website developer, which pays for the illegitimate clicks and traffic.” Tags: google, google play store, android, malware ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   Video: Nun’s mind-blowing football skills surprises on-lookers   ‘Spirit’ of Britain: London hails man with beer pint fleeing attack   Daredevil Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him   Citizen scientists uncover cold new world near Sun   Stunning 70-year-old granny is going viral for her ageless beauty and fitness   ICC Champions Trophy: ‘Psychic’ Lahore camel predicts Pakistan win vs India; video ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Mobiles and Tabs Apple could unveil its iPhone 8 this Monday, claim analysts Google highlights all Android phones with latest security updates OnePlus 3/3T gets beta Oxygen OS; How do you get it? ASUS Zenfone Live review: A half-baked smartphone OnePlus 5 will be smaller and thinner than OnePlus 3T, new teaser suggests ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2017 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Google Play Music is now free for 4 months India Today Tech Last Updated: MAY 29, 2017 Email Author Google is offering a four-month free subscription on its music streaming service Google Play Music for new subscribers, allowing users to scan up to 50,000 songs from their music library. Typically, Google offers a 90-day free trial when a user signs up, but the offer has been extended by one month, the Verge reported on Sunday. Users can listen to custom radio stations on their computer or mobile device using Google Play Music service. However, users who use the free service face ads on their app, unlike those subscribers who pay around $10. Such users can also listen to over 35 million songs, download music to listen offline, and get access to YouTube Red. Though Google has offered similar deals in the past, it was not clear how long the deal would remain active. Google Play Music All Access was launched in April this year in India. The Music-streaming service allows user to stream songs from Google  library without any restrictions. It allows users to search for music based on preferences like language, favourite artists and music directors. Users can even watch videos in the app. Users can also access the playlists created by app based one user's  personal music taste. " ...Google Play Music uses machine learning to figure out what music you like and then mixes in signals like location, activity, and the weather along with hand-picked playlists to personalize music for wherever you are and whenever you want tunes. When you opt in, we'll deliver personalized music based on why you are listening - relaxing at home, powering through at work, exploring new cities, and everything in between. Your workout music is front and center as you walk into the gym, a sunset soundtrack appears just as the sky goes pink, and tunes for focusing turn up at the library,"  notes the company's official blog. Also Read: Google Play Music is late in India, but it is cheaper than Apple Music and others The app runs on minimal mobile data and even allows users to download songs when offline. The subscription fee for the  service is Rs 89 per month if you sign up during the first 45 days of the launch. "Google Play Music lets you stream music using minimal data on mobile. No connection? No problem. When you subscribe, you can enjoy offline listening, and be prepped with an offline playlist based on what you've listened to recently, even if you forgot to download them ahead of time. Enjoy a discounted subscription offer of 89 INR per month if you sign up within the first 45 days.   With IANS inputs   For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech OnePlus 3T may be discontinued but will be on sale in India till the end of 2017 Exclusive: Moto C to launch in India in June, to take on Redmi 4A Recommended Reviews Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Asus ZenFone Live (ZB501KL) review: Live and let live iPad 2017 review: Going back to the iPad's roots Smartron srt.phone review: Sachin Tendulkar's phone is off to a good start, almost Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaDo not buy Nokia 3310 for nostalgia, buy it for peace of mind Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Apps Apps News Google Photos Photo Books Now Available for Android and iOS in the US  Shekhar Thakran, 29 May 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Google Photo Books was already available in Web version of the app Users can order a softcover photo book at $9.99 (roughly Rs. 650) Hardcover photo books will be available $19.99 (roughly Rs. 1,300) At its I/O conference earlier this month, Google announced that it wanted to bring the fun of physical photo books back. While the Web version of Google Photos already allowed users to create photo books from the best pictures from their collection, the Android and iOS apps have now joined the party. Users in the US can start making their photo books with the latest app updates already available on Google Play store and App Store respectively. With the Photo Books feature, the search giant makes use of machine learning to pick out the best photos from the library and then organise them according to the people that feature in them, the places that can be seen in those pictures, or the things that show up in them. The aim of this feature is to minimise the effort involved in having to search through a large group of photos to just pick out a few good ones. Google has already shared that it hopes to bring suggestions for Photo Books going ahead. Users further get the option of getting their photo books made in either softcover, starting at $9.99 (roughly Rs. 650) or hardcover, starting at $19.99 (roughly Rs. 1,300). It seems like Google has become aggressive at updating its Google Photos app with new features as the California-based company recently added an archive feature to the app and has already started the process of implementing suggested sharing feature to the app as well. The archive feature allows users to keep certain images away from their main image feed while the suggested sharing feature essentially uses machine learning to remind you to share photos with those who are in those pictures. For the latest tech news and reviews, follow Gadgets 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel. Tags: Google Photo Books, Google Photos Update, Apps, Android, Apple, Google UI, Google Photos Apple Said to Plan Dedicated Chip to Power AI on Devices Google AlphaGo DeepMind AI Retires After Defeating Human Champion Ki Jie Google Photos Photo Books Now Available for Android and iOS in the US     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest ZTE Nubia Z17 Motorola Moto Z2 Play Asus Zenpad 3S 8.0 Asus Zenpad 10 Asus Zenpad 10 Yu Yureka Black Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 10 Panasonic Eluga I3 Mega Essential Phone Samsung Galaxy Feel Gionee S10C Gionee S10B Gionee S10 Huawei Nova 2 Plus Huawei Nova 2 Zen Admire Sense Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Huawei Y6 (2017) Ziox Astra VIVA 4G Huawei Honor Play Pad 2 (9.6-inch) LTE Popular Samsung Galaxy S8 Xiaomi Redmi 4 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Nokia 3310 (2017) Xiaomi Mi 6 Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi 3s Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Xiaomi Redmi 4X Apple iPhone 6 OnePlus 5 Mi Max 2 Tech News in Hindi Nokia 3, Nokia 5 और Nokia 6 भारत में 13 जून को हो सकते हैं लॉन्च Sony Xperia XZ Premium में कितना दम? पहली झलक मोटो सी भारत में लॉन्च, जानें कीमत व स्पेसिफिकेशन Latest Videos 03:35 360 Daily: Moto C, Moto G5 Available Offline in India, Nubia Z17 Launched, and More 02:46 Sony Xperia XZ Premium First Look 01:15 India Mobile Congress To Be Held In September 01:00 Acer Predator 21 X First Look 01:00 Acer Predator Triton 700 First Look More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Destiny 2 Not Releasing On Steam Is the Best Thing for PC Gamers Akhil Arora Twin Peaks' Return Is Even More 'Lynchian' in the Era of TV Auteurs Gopal Sathe Cord Cutting Is Finally a Realistic Option in India Advertisement Advertisement Recent Microsoft Accidentally Releases Internal Windows 10 Builds, Apologises India Among Countries Worst-Affected by New Malware, Says Check Point After London Attack, Facebook to 'Aggressively Remove Terrorist Content' ISRO to Launch Its Heaviest Rocket and Satellite Today Amazon Aims to Put Fire Phone Nightmare Behind With 'Ice' Smartphones Apple Set to Expand Siri, Taking a Different Approach From Amazon's Alexa Nokia 3, 5, 6 India Launch Date, Moto C Comes to India, More: 360 Daily Steam Direct to Cost $100; Greater Emphasis on Steam Curators: Valve Apple Tipped to Unveil Four New iPad Tablets at WWDC 2017 Need for Speed Payback Release Date, Price, and Editions Revealed More News TRENDING ISRO to Launch Its Heaviest Rocket and Satellite Today Moto C Launch, Yu Yureka Black, Essential Phone, and More News This Week Amazon Aims to Put Fire Phone Nightmare Behind With 'Ice' Smartphones Nubia Z17 With 8GB RAM and Qualcomm Quick Charge 4+ Launched Microsoft Accidentally Releases Internal Windows 10 Builds, Apologises Nokia's New Android Phones Are Expected to Launch in India on June 13 Sony Xperia XZ Premium First Impressions Nokia 3, 5, 6 India Launch Date, Moto C Comes to India, More: 360 Daily India Among Countries Worst-Affected by New Malware, Says Check Point Nintendo at E3 2017: Everything We Know So Far Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
icon-book icon-close icon-conversation icon-delta icon-envelope icon-external icon-house icon-menu icon-pencil icon-products icon-search moz-logo Products Blog About Learn SEO Moz Pro Moz Local Free SEO Tools Log in Learn SEO Broaden your SEO with marketing resources for all skill levels: best practices, industry survey results, webinars and more. Advance your marketing skills: Local Marketing | Content | Social Media Get started with: The Beginner's Guide to SEO The Local Learning Center The Beginner's Guide to Content Marketing Q&A Get answers from the Moz Community Help Hub Learn how to use Moz Products Community & Events Connect with 500K online marketers Blogs Read the Moz Blog and YouMoz Blogs Moz Blog Moz Blog YouMoz Rand’s Blog Dev Blog Categories Moz Blog Tips tricks, news and tutorials to help you level-up your online marketing YouMoz Posts submitted by the Moz community, often promoted to the Moz Blog Rand’s Blog Written by the co-founder of Moz and Inbound.org Dev Blog Written by the members of the Moz engineering team By: Will Critchlow May 29th, 2017 Evidence of the Surprising State of JavaScript&nbspIndexing Advanced SEO | Technical SEO | On-page SEO 19 15 The author's views are entirely his or her own (excluding the unlikely event of hypnosis) and may not always reflect the views of Moz. Back when I started in this industry, it was standard advice to tell our clients that the search engines couldn’t execute JavaScript (JS), and anything that relied on JS would be effectively invisible and never appear in the index. Over the years, that has changed gradually, from early work-arounds (such as the horrible escaped fragment approach my colleague Rob wrote about back in 2010) to the actual execution of JS in the indexing pipeline that we see today, at least at Google. In this article, I want to explore some things we've seen about JS indexing behavior in the wild and in controlled tests and share some tentative conclusions I've drawn about how it must be working. A brief introduction to JS indexing At its most basic, the idea behind JavaScript-enabled indexing is to get closer to the search engine seeing the page as the user sees it. Most users browse with JavaScript enabled, and many sites either fail without it or are severely limited. While traditional indexing considers just the raw HTML source received from the server, users typically see a page rendered based on the DOM (Document Object Model) which can be modified by JavaScript running in their web browser. JS-enabled indexing considers all content in the rendered DOM, not just that which appears in the raw HTML. There are some complexities even in this basic definition (answers in brackets as I understand them): What about JavaScript that requests additional content from the server? (This will generally be included, subject to timeout limits) What about JavaScript that executes some time after the page loads? (This will generally only be indexed up to some time limit, possibly in the region of 5 seconds) What about JavaScript that executes on some user interaction such as scrolling or clicking? (This will generally not be included) What about JavaScript in external files rather than in-line? (This will generally be included, as long as those external files are not blocked from the robot — though see the caveat in experiments below) For more on the technical details, I recommend my ex-colleague Justin’s writing on the subject. A high-level overview of my view of JavaScript best practices Despite the incredible work-arounds of the past (which always seemed like more effort than graceful degradation to me) the “right” answer has existed since at least 2012, with the introduction of PushState. Rob wrote about this one, too. Back then, however, it was pretty clunky and manual and it required a concerted effort to ensure both that the URL was updated in the user’s browser for each view that should be considered a “page,” that the server could return full HTML for those pages in response to new requests for each URL, and that the back button was handled correctly by your JavaScript. Along the way, in my opinion, too many sites got distracted by a separate prerendering step. This is an approach that does the equivalent of running a headless browser to generate static HTML pages that include any changes made by JavaScript on page load, then serving those snapshots instead of the JS-reliant page in response to requests from bots. It typically treats bots differently, in a way that Google tolerates, as long as the snapshots do represent the user experience. In my opinion, this approach is a poor compromise that's too susceptible to silent failures and falling out of date. We've seen a bunch of sites suffer traffic drops due to serving Googlebot broken experiences that were not immediately detected because no regular users saw the prerendered pages. These days, if you need or want JS-enhanced functionality, more of the top frameworks have the ability to work the way Rob described in 2012, which is now called isomorphic (roughly meaning “the same”). Isomorphic JavaScript serves HTML that corresponds to the rendered DOM for each URL, and updates the URL for each “view” that should exist as a separate page as the content is updated via JS. With this implementation, there is actually no need to render the page to index basic content, as it's served in response to any fresh request. I was fascinated by this piece of research published recently — you should go and read the whole study. In particular, you should watch this video (recommended in the post) in which the speaker — who is an Angular developer and evangelist — emphasizes the need for an isomorphic approach: Resources for auditing JavaScript If you work in SEO, you will increasingly find yourself called upon to figure out whether a particular implementation is correct (hopefully on a staging/development server before it’s deployed live, but who are we kidding? You’ll be doing this live, too). To do that, here are some resources I’ve found useful: Justin again, describing the difference between working with the DOM and viewing source The developer tools built into Chrome are excellent, and some of the documentation is actually really good: The console is where you can see errors and interact with the state of the page As soon as you get past debugging the most basic JavaScript, you will want to start setting breakpoints, which allow you to step through the code from specified points This post from Google’s John Mueller has a decent checklist of best practices Although it’s about a broader set of technical skills, anyone who hasn’t already read it should definitely check out Mike’s post on the technical SEO renaissance. Some surprising/interesting results There are likely to be timeouts on JavaScript execution I already linked above to the ScreamingFrog post that mentions experiments they have done to measure the timeout Google uses to determine when to stop executing JavaScript (they found a limit of around 5 seconds). It may be more complicated than that, however. This segment of a thread is interesting. It's from a Hacker News user who goes by the username KMag and who claims to have worked at Google on the JS execution part of the indexing pipeline from 2006–2010. It’s in relation to another user speculating that Google would not care about content loaded “async” (i.e. asynchronously — in other words, loaded as part of new HTTP requests that are triggered in the background while assets continue to download): “Actually, we did care about this content. I'm not at liberty to explain the details, but we did execute setTimeouts up to some time limit. If they're smart, they actually make the exact timeout a function of a HMAC of the loaded source, to make it very difficult to experiment around, find the exact limits, and fool the indexing system. Back in 2010, it was still a fixed time limit.” What that means is that although it was initially a fixed timeout, he’s speculating (or possibly sharing without directly doing so) that timeouts are programmatically determined (presumably based on page importance and JavaScript reliance) and that they may be tied to the exact source code (the reference to “HMAC” is to do with a technical mechanism for spotting if the page has changed). It matters how your JS is executed I referenced this recent study earlier. In it, the author found: Inline vs. External vs. Bundled JavaScript makes a huge difference for Googlebot The charts at the end show the extent to which popular JavaScript frameworks perform differently depending on how they're called, with a range of performance from passing every test to failing almost every test. For example here’s the chart for Angular: It’s definitely worth reading the whole thing and reviewing the performance of the different frameworks. There's more evidence of Google saving computing resources in some areas, as well as surprising results between different frameworks. CRO tests are getting indexed When we first started seeing JavaScript-based split-testing platforms designed for testing changes aimed at improving conversion rate (CRO = conversion rate optimization), their inline changes to individual pages were invisible to the search engines. As Google in particular has moved up the JavaScript competency ladder through executing simple inline JS to more complex JS in external files, we are now seeing some CRO-platform-created changes being indexed. A simplified version of what’s happening is: For users: CRO platforms typically take a visitor to a page, check for the existence of a cookie, and if there isn’t one, randomly assign the visitor to group A or group B Based on either the cookie value or the new assignment, the user is either served the page unchanged, or sees a version that is modified in their browser by JavaScript loaded from the CRO platform’s CDN (content delivery network) A cookie is then set to make sure that the user sees the same version if they revisit that page later For Googlebot: The reliance on external JavaScript used to prevent both the bucketing and the inline changes from being indexed With external JavaScript now being loaded, and with many of these inline changes being made using standard libraries (such as JQuery), Google is able to index the variant and hence we see CRO experiments sometimes being indexed I might have expected the platforms to block their JS with robots.txt, but at least the main platforms I’ve looked at don't do that. With Google being sympathetic towards testing, however, this shouldn’t be a major problem — just something to be aware of as you build out your user-facing CRO tests. All the more reason for your UX and SEO teams to work closely together and communicate well. Split tests show SEO improvements from removing a reliance on JS Although we would like to do a lot more to test the actual real-world impact of relying on JavaScript, we do have some early results. At the end of last week I published a post outlining the uplift we saw from removing a site’s reliance on JS to display content and links on category pages. A simple test that removed the need for JavaScript on 50% of pages showed a >6% uplift in organic traffic — worth thousands of extra sessions a month. While we haven’t proven that JavaScript is always bad, nor understood the exact mechanism at work here, we have opened up a new avenue for exploration, and at least shown that it’s not a settled matter. To my mind, it highlights the importance of testing. It’s obviously our belief in the importance of SEO split-testing that led to us investing so much in the development of the ODN platform over the last 18 months or so. Conclusion: How JavaScript indexing might work from a systems perspective Based on all of the information we can piece together from the external behavior of the search results, public comments from Googlers, tests and experiments, and first principles, here’s how I think JavaScript indexing is working at Google at the moment: I think there is a separate queue for JS-enabled rendering, because the computational cost of trying to run JavaScript over the entire web is unnecessary given the lack of a need for it on many, many pages. In detail, I think: Googlebot crawls and caches HTML and core resources regularly Heuristics (and probably machine learning) are used to prioritize JavaScript rendering for each page: Some pages are indexed with no JS execution. There are many pages that can probably be easily identified as not needing rendering, and others which are such a low priority that it isn’t worth the computing resources. Some pages get immediate rendering – or possibly immediate basic/regular indexing, along with high-priority rendering. This would enable the immediate indexation of pages in news results or other QDF results, but also allow pages that rely heavily on JS to get updated indexation when the rendering completes. Many pages are rendered async in a separate process/queue from both crawling and regular indexing, thereby adding the page to the index for new words and phrases found only in the JS-rendered version when rendering completes, in addition to the words and phrases found in the unrendered version indexed initially. The JS rendering also, in addition to adding pages to the index: May make modifications to the link graph May add new URLs to the discovery/crawling queue for Googlebot The idea of JavaScript rendering as a distinct and separate part of the indexing pipeline is backed up by this quote from KMag, who I mentioned previously for his contributions to this HN thread (direct link) [emphasis mine]: “I was working on the lightweight high-performance JavaScript interpretation system that sandboxed pretty much just a JS engine and a DOM implementation that we could run on every web page on the index. Most of my work was trying to improve the fidelity of the system. My code analyzed every web page in the index. Towards the end of my time there, there was someone in Mountain View working on a heavier, higher-fidelity system that sandboxed much more of a browser, and they were trying to improve performance so they could use it on a higher percentage of the index.” This was the situation in 2010. It seems likely that they have moved a long way towards the headless browser in all cases, but I’m skeptical about whether it would be worth their while to render every page they crawl with JavaScript given the expense of doing so and the fact that a large percentage of pages do not change substantially when you do. My best guess is that they're using a combination of trying to figure out the need for JavaScript execution on a given page, coupled with trust/authority metrics to decide whether (and with what priority) to render a page with JS. Run a test, get publicity I have a hypothesis that I would love to see someone test: That it’s possible to get a page indexed and ranking for a nonsense word contained in the served HTML, but not initially ranking for a different nonsense word added via JavaScript; then, to see the JS get indexed some period of time later and rank for both nonsense words. If you want to run that test, let me know the results — I’d be happy to publicize them. Popular posts like this Optimizing AngularJS Single-Page Applications for Googlebot Crawlers Level Up Your SEO Skills at MozCon Workshops: SEO-Intensive 7 ‹Title Tag› Hacks for Increased Rankings + Traffic - Whiteboard Friday 19 15 Get fresh SEO data, insights, and tracking Learn More About Moz Pro Comments 15 Please keep your comments TAGFEE by following the community etiquette. E-mail me when new comments are posted Sort by: Most Popular Oldest to Newest + Add Comment amyh914 2017-05-30T14:32:06-07:00 @will Have you seen the results of this experiment? https://www.rebootonline.com/blog/hidden-text-expe... I believe I came across it through a tweet from Rand. It had great insight and goes nicely with your article above. These types of posts have been helpful when I need assistance convincing others of much-needed changes. amyh914 edited 2017-05-30T21:09:56-07:00 3 0 Reply <p>@will Have you seen the results of this experiment? <a href="https://www.rebootonline.com/blog/hidden-text-experiment/" rel="nofollow">https://www.rebootonline.com/blog/hidden-text-expe...</a></p>

<p>I believe I came across it through a tweet from Rand. It had great insight and goes nicely with your article above. These types of posts have been helpful when I need assistance convincing others of much-needed changes.</p> Submit Cancel InmoMarketing 2017-05-29T01:25:30-07:00 Hi Will, great post and experiment. I will definitely prepare some experiments with my own webs and my customer sites regarding js. Do you recommend to remove the need for JavaScript evrywhere, just in some pages... or would it need more experimentation? 3 0 Reply <p>Hi Will, great post and experiment. I will definitely prepare some experiments with my own webs and my customer sites regarding js. Do you recommend to  remove the need for JavaScript evrywhere, just in some pages... or would it need more experimentation?</p> Submit Cancel Peter Nikolow 2017-05-30T07:47:49-07:00 Since crash of server mine comment is lost. Here is essential part of it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlP5rBynK3E https://youtu.be/XEvFyAaEHUo?t=1058 So - seems that all pages are rendered and "cache" is just RAW HTML. 3 0 Reply <p>Since crash of server mine comment is lost. Here is essential part of it:<br /><a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlP5rBynK3E" rel="nofollow">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JlP5rBynK3E</a><br /><a href="https://youtu.be/XEvFyAaEHUo?t=1058" rel="nofollow">https://youtu.be/XEvFyAaEHUo?t=1058</a></p>

<p>So - seems that all pages are rendered and "cache" is just RAW HTML.<br /><br /></p> Submit Cancel Zid 2017-06-01T12:02:10-07:00 Search engines index JS now?, Good data. Zid edited 2017-06-01T12:02:45-07:00 2 0 Reply <p>Search engines index JS now?, Good data.</p> Submit Cancel colemanconcierge 2017-06-01T21:05:45-07:00 I always wondered how much JavaScript is running in the background of some of the dynamic pages. Excellent idea using an IDE (Chrome Console) and just walking through the debugger. The observed growth in organic traffic is a interesting motivator to understand the purpose and need for JavaScript applications. 2 0 Reply <p>I always wondered how much JavaScript is running in the background of some of the dynamic pages. Excellent idea using an IDE (Chrome Console) and just walking through the debugger. The observed growth in organic traffic is a interesting motivator to understand the purpose and need for JavaScript applications.</p> Submit Cancel Deepak Rajput 2017-06-01T06:05:46-07:00 Awesome post, Will above method help to increase the webpage rank in Google if i implement? 2 0 Reply <p>Awesome post, Will above method help to increase the webpage rank in Google if i implement?</p> Submit Cancel Brendon Ross 2017-05-31T01:15:43-07:00 Great post, you sudenly find yourself having to think about so much more when you venture outside of a packaged solution like wordpress. Newer technologies and webapps need some extra consideration when going live. 2 0 Reply <p>Great post, you sudenly find yourself having to think about so much more when you venture outside of a packaged solution like wordpress.  Newer technologies and webapps need some extra consideration when going live.</p> Submit Cancel jbaugnet 2017-05-30T05:35:35-07:00 Hi Will, Do you know how one would go about redirecting fragments to standard URLs? A website I'm currently working on is going responsive design and I'm trying to get the correct URL mappings down. From what I understand redirecting these fragments are extremely difficult? Hopefully you have a second opinion. Thanks! Joe 2 0 Reply <p>Hi Will,</p>

<p>Do you know how one would go about redirecting fragments to standard URLs? A website I'm currently working on is going responsive design and I'm trying to get the correct URL mappings down.</p>

<p>From what I understand redirecting these fragments are extremely difficult? Hopefully you have a second opinion.</p>

<p><br /></p>

<p>Thanks!</p>

<p>Joe<br /></p> Submit Cancel icakis 2017-05-29T08:53:54-07:00 Hi Will, we had run some tests on client pages with JS loaded contents (because of DC). We also found a limit of 5 seconds on two separate projects, so we basically load such contents after 6 seconds. Two months later all these contents are out of the index. 2 0 Reply <p>Hi Will,</p>

<p>we had run some tests on client pages with JS loaded contents (because of DC). We also found a limit of 5 seconds on two separate projects, so we basically load such contents after 6 seconds. Two months later all these contents are out of the index.</p> Submit Cancel RiseAtlantic 2017-05-30T12:16:45-07:00 wow so your saying that any page with JS that takes more then 5 seconds to load then the entire page is now gone or just the JS content ? 2 0 Reply <p>wow so your saying that any page with JS that takes more then 5 seconds to load then the entire page is now gone or just the JS content ? </p> Submit Cancel Kuldeep Sharma 2017-05-29T02:24:08-07:00 Great post Will, Do you think isomorphic JavaScript approach is useful? I know server side rendering is one solution, but it is not working for everyone. Actually isomorphic or SSR (server side rendering) has a cost. BTW, Google cache is a good indicator of whether having issues in rendering the site. I definitely agree with you for UX and SEO team communication. Just focus on maximizing user experience and performance optimization is a key to achieve destination. Thank you. Kuldeep-Sharma edited 2017-05-29T14:17:59-07:00 2 0 Reply <p>Great post Will,</p>

<p>Do you think isomorphic JavaScript approach is useful? I know server side rendering is one solution, but it is not working for everyone. Actually isomorphic or SSR (server side rendering) has a cost. BTW, Google cache is a good indicator of whether having issues in rendering the site.</p>

<p>I definitely agree with you for UX and SEO team communication. Just focus on maximizing user experience and performance optimization is a key to achieve destination.</p>

<p>Thank you.</p> Submit Cancel NERsolar 2017-06-02T02:20:56-07:00 Even though you say: "What about JavaScript that executes on some user interaction such as scrolling or clicking?" (This will generally not be included) Do you think google will read javascript links in future? Sometimes I use to not distribute linkjuice to noindex pages in mi website. Do you think it will be as "dofollow" links in future? 1 0 Reply <p>Even though you say:</p>

<p><em>"What about JavaScript that executes on some user interaction such as scrolling or clicking?</em><em>" (<strong>This will generally <em>not</em> be included</strong>)</em></p>

<p>Do you think google will read javascript links in future? </p>

<p><br /></p>

<p>Sometimes I use to not distribute linkjuice to noindex pages in mi website.</p>

<p><br /></p>

<p>Do you think it will be as "dofollow" links in future?</p>

<p><em><br /></em></p> Submit Cancel Will Critchlow 2017-06-02T03:05:10-07:00 Ah. These are two different things. I don't anticipate them indexing content that requires a user to click on JS elements to display. They may already be considering JS links in the link graph (and they are very likely already using them for discovery). Hope that makes sense. 2 0 Reply <p>Ah. These are two different things. I don't anticipate them indexing content that requires a user to click on JS elements to display.</p>

<p>They may already be considering JS links in the link graph (and they are very likely already using them for discovery).</p>

<p>Hope that makes sense.</p> Submit Cancel NERsolar 2017-06-02T03:12:37-07:00 Then meaningless use js to not transmit linkjuice? 1 0 Reply <p>Then meaningless use js to not transmit linkjuice?</p>

<p><br /></p> Submit Cancel Vishal Thakur 2017-05-30T00:18:40-07:00 Great Article Will, How can i add this in my wordpress website? Is their any tool for it or I can do it manually? 2 1 Reply <p>Great Article Will, How can i add this in my wordpress website? Is their any tool for it or I can do it manually?</p> Submit Cancel + Add Comment Post Analytics Visits Pageviews Avg. Time on Page Direct Traffic Search Traffic Referral Traffic N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Yikes, looks like something went wrong. Please try again later. Get fresh SEO data, insights, and tracking Learn More About Moz Pro Log in to Moz Remember Me Forgot Password Log In Don't have an account? Join the Moz Community to add a comment, give something a thumbs up/down, and get enhanced access to free tools! Sign Up Contact Products API Terms & Privacy Jobs Help Copyright 2017 © Moz, Inc. All rights reserved. Back to Top SEO Tools Keyword Research SEO Audit & Crawl Backlink Research Rank Tracking SEO Toolbar Local Marketing Business Listings Audit Citation Cleanup Local Ranking Factors Local For Enterprise Marketing Resources Moz Blog Beginner’s Guide To SEO Community Q&A Workshops & Training Recommended SEO Companies Get the Moz Top 10 The 10 most valuable pieces of content we can find for SEOs. Every 2 weeks.
Milanofinanza ItaliaOggi MF Fashion Class Life CCeC Cerca  Logout |  Registrati    Accedi  |  Registrati   Abbonati   Newsletter   Status Utente Lunedì 5 Giugno 2017 - Ore 07:24 Home Edicola Il Giornale di Oggi MF/MilanoFinanza ItaliaOggi La mia edicola Nuovo Diritto delle Società Archivio articoli Cerca arretrati PDF Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni Lavoro e Carriera eFinancial Careers Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Mf international cina-italia Diplomi di valore Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore RadioClassica Italia Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Europa Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mondo Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute Desk China Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate MF Dow Jones MF Dow Jones Tutte le news MF Dow Jones IPO e Performance delle matricole Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mercati Mercati Borsa italiana in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli La Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online Help Panieri MF ITALY In Evidenza Settori europa realtime Bond - Movers di oggi ETF - Spread & Movers CW & Certificates - Movers Indici - Il quadro tecnico Future - Strategie operative COT - Comm. Traders Report Calendario macroeconomico Fondi - Migliori e Peggiori Trading - Formazione e agenda Newsletter MF Trading Guide Download EasyTrading Download MarketStrategy Strumenti & Analisi Strumenti & Analisi Home di sezione Azioni Titoli stato & Bond Warrant CW e Certificates Fondi italiani Fondi esteri-Sicav ETF & ETC Cerca Case Immobiliare Cambio valuta Cambio Euro Dollaro Cambio Euro Sterlina Cambio Euro Franco Svizzero Cambio Euro Yen Blue Chip e Indici MF ITALY40 ai raggi X Analisi indici azionari Bull & Bear I migliori in Italia I migliori in Europa I migliori in Usa I peggiori in Italia I peggiori in Europa I peggiori in Usa Tecnologia Tecnologia My Tech Home My Tech news Correlati ClassLife - Hi-Tech video ClassLife - Hi-Tech news Lifestyle Motori Motori Home Motori su strada Motori & finanza personale Economia delle Case Innovazione e tecnologia Lifestyle Arte Vini Salute Gentleman’s Watch MFfashion Turismo Le Guide di Class Ristoranti Alberghi GentlemanLife - ClassLife ClassLife - Arte e design ClassLife - Viaggi e sapori ClassLife - Orologi e gioielli Opinioni Opinioni Orsi & Tori Orsi & Tori Archivio Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni Alert sui miei titoli Annuario investitore Patrimoni Patrimoni Web Il mio patrimonio Video Live TV NEWS TUTTE LE NEWS INDIETRO 29/05/2017 07:02 caldissime Privacy online, lettera degli editori italiani ed europei al Parlamento e Consiglio Ue Gli editori italiani della Fieg (Federazione italiana editori giornali) insieme a quelli europei, tutti riuniti nell’Enpa (European newspaper publishers’ association) e nell’Emma (European media magazine association), si rivolgono direttamente al Parlamento e al Consiglio europeo con una lettera aperta perché non venga adottata l’attuale proposta di regolamento sull’e-privacy Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Commenta Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere Vota 0 Voti Si rivolgono direttamente al Parlamento e al Consiglio europeo con una lettera aperta gli editori italiani della Fieg (Federazione italiana editori giornali) insieme a quelli europei, tutti riuniti nell’Enpa (European newspaper publishers’ association) e nell’Emma (European media magazine association), perché non venga adottata l’attuale proposta di regolamento sull’e-privacy. In particolare, gli editori europei giudicano negative le ricadute della proposta sul settore quando prevede che l’utente digitale potrà acconsentire o meno al trattamento dei suoi dati, sbarrando o meno una casella al momento d’installare il browser sul suo computer. Gli editori rischiano infatti di essere penalizzati, in caso di mancato assenso, perché non potranno più profilare gusti, abitudini e comportamenti dei loro lettori online. Blocco che, a sua volta, ostacola sia la creazione di contenuti giornalistici maggiormente vicini ai gusti del lettorato sia la capacità di offrire solamente pubblicità pertinente alle esigenze degli utenti. Non solo, c’è anche un’altra conseguenza negativa a detta di Enpa ed Emma (la cui lettera aperta viene pubblicata oggi, qui di seguito, da MilanoFinanza.it in contemporanea con gli altri giornali): la proposta di regolamento può favorire indirettamente i big della rete tra cui Facebook, Google News, Yahoo, Apple News, Msn e Amazon Alexa. Questi ultimi chiedono ai loro utenti di fare log-in se vogliono entrare nelle loro piattaforme, registrandosi con tanto di riferimenti personali, e quindi hanno una seconda occasione per domandare agli utenti il permesso di acquisire i loro dati. Passaggio che invece non esiste di norma per leggere le notizie su quotidiani e periodici, in capo ai quali e ai loro editori continuerebbe a valere il blocco posto dall’utente al momento dell’installazione del browser. Infine, sempre secondo il giudizio degli editori, la proposta di regolamento mal si concilia con la General data protection regulation (Gdpr, Regolamento generale protezione dati), al quale bisognerà adeguarsi tra un anno e che punta proprio a uniformare tutta la normativa comunitaria in materia di privacy. Ecco il testo della lettera aperta: Open letter to the European Parliament/Council Trust, privacy and news - the need to rethink ePrivacy proposals We support the objective of the Commission’s draft “ePrivacy” regulation, which has the potential to clean up the digital economy, and to restore citizen trust in how their data is used online. Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online. News organisations depend on the trust of our readers, and we support a system of regulation that restores trust, and cleans up the digital environment. But news organisations also use data generated by readers to improve their products and services by offering readers journalism that is relevant to them, and serving display digital advertising that is relevant to readers. As a result of digital distribution, more digital citizens are accessing high quality news and quality information than ever before. But the increasing trend towards consumers accessing news content via third party gateways such as Google News, Facebook, Yahoo, Apple News, MSN (Microsoft) and Amazon Alexa is changing the way that European citizens consume news[1], making publishers ever more reliant on a small number of global platforms as a consequence. Through the current ePrivacy proposals, the Commission proposes that digital citizens must consent to non-strictly necessary tracking on a global basis when they connect to the Internet via a browser interface. Given that 90 per cent of usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla[2], this focus on obtaining user permission via the browser interface has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways. The ePrivacy proposals contrast with the implication of the Commission’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – due to come into force in May 2018 - which aims to empower user privacy by forcing sites themselves to make sure that users understand and are empowered to control the gathering of data about their browsing behaviour in context of each site that they visit. By creating a single global permission within the browser interface, the Commission´s ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency and meaningful user empowerment in practice, and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on the trust of their users, and those who do not. While the explanatory memorandum accompanying the ePrivacy proposals does not place an outright ban on publishers communicating with readers in order to seek consent for the use of 3 rd party cookies, in practice, publishers are concerned that it will be incredibly difficult to persuade readers to change their browser settings to allow 3 rd party cookies. As a consequence, individual news organisations would be unable to provide readers with personalised content and marketing, or serve relevant digital advertising within their environments. The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend in 2017[3]. If as a result of these proposals, news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of dominant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe. The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which, digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies: a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens; further strengthen their dominance in the European digital economy, and; introduce further complexity for individual publishers, despite the European Commission acknowledging these issues are already covered by the regulation that will enter into force in 2018. By shifting consent to the collection of data from each individual news site that they visit, to providing a global consent via a small number of powerful gateways, the Commission’s proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising. The impact on news organisations would be to reduce their ability to deliver high quality products and services, and undermine their ability to generate advertising revenues to reinvest in journalism. Therefore it is essential that in implementing the objectives of the “ePrivacy” proposals, the European Parliament / Council must work with the news industry to ensure that the directive provides flexibility of implementation to encourage a direct relationship between each internet user and the trusted news organisations that they visit, not further undermine it. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [1] 1 The latest Reuters News Report - which surveyed citizens across the world - found that “ half (51%) say they use social media as a source of news each week. More than a quarter of 18–24s say social media (28%) are their main source of news – more than television (24%) for the first time.” As a result of these changes, the Reuters survey found that the “growth of news accessed and increasingly consumed via social networks, portals and mobile apps means that the originating news brand gets clearly noticed less than half the time in the UK, and Canada. In countries like Japan and South Korea, where aggregated and distributed news is already more widespread, the brand only gets noticed around a quarter of the time when accessed through news portals.” [2] https://www.statista.com/statistics/269881/market-share-held-by-internet-browsers-in-europe [3] https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/may/02/google-and-facebook-bring-in-one-fifth-of-global-ad-revenue Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Commenta Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere   that   European Parliament   Microsoft and Mozilla   European Commission   Google and Facebook   Japan and South Korea Potrebbero interessarti anche cerca case e appartamenti Inserisci comune Le News più lette Tutte 1. Le azioni baciate dal robot 03/06/2017 2. Mps, non è ancora finita 03/06/2017 3. BORSA: commento di chiusura 02/06/2017 4. COMMENTO AIM: indice in rialzo, in luce Assiteca 02/06/2017 5. B.Mps: pronto accordo con Atlante su sofferenze (Mess) 17/05/2017 Le News piu' commentate Tutte 1. Unicredit: forzata anche la soglia psicologica dei 16 euro 05/05/2017 2. Unicredit: ricoperto il primo gap a 16,15 euro 18/05/2017 3. Dax future: una brusca e improvvisa correzione 18/05/2017 4. Dax future: resistenza di breve a 12.850 punti 17/05/2017 5. Unicredit: un trend rialzista pieno di gap 12/05/2017 Le News piu' votate Tutte 1. Ftse Mib: rimbalzo verso le prime resistenze grafiche 02/06/2017 2. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per martedì 9 maggio 09/05/2017 3. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per lunedì 8 maggio 08/05/2017 4. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per giovedì 1 giugno 01/06/2017 5. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per mercoledì 24 maggio 24/05/2017 Class Editori MFIU ItaliaOggi ClassHorse.TV Global Finance MFfashion Fashion Summit Class Life Guide di Class ClassMeteo Video Center MF Video Center IO RadioClassica Eccellenza Italia MFConference Class Abbonamenti Classpubblicità Salone dello studente Campus.it Immobiliare.it Supporto Norme Help Faq Contattaci Note sull'utilizzo dei dati Info panieri MF ITALY Milano Finanza Interattivo © Milano Finanza Partita IVA 08931350154 chiudi  LOGOUT LOGIN Edicola MF / Milano Finanza ItaliaOggi La Mia Edicola Archivio I Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Mf international cina-italia Diplomi di valore Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni News Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute MF Dow Jones Tecnologia Archivio Mercati Borsa in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Cambio valuta Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online TECNOLOGIA Opinioni Orsi & Tori Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni di titoli Gli alert sui miei titoli Patrimoni Web Annuario investitore My MF Logout Status utente Login Per registrarsi Per abbonarsi Newsletter Video
Photos Videos Topics Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Technology News Judy Malware infects 36.5 million Android smartphones: Find out if you are under threat! Shares79 DNA Web Team | Mon, 29 May 2017-12:12pm , Mumbai , DNA webdesk The malicious apps reached an astonishing spread between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads. Almost 36.5 million Android devices have been affected with a new malware dubbed ‘Judy’. It has been found in 41 apps on the Google Play Store, and uses infected devices to generate fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it. According to Check Point, some of the apps discovered resided on Google Play for several years, but all were recently updated. It is unclear how long the malicious code existed inside the apps, hence the actual spread of the malware remains unknown. The security firm also stated that the malicious apps reached an astonishing spread between 4.5 million and 18.5 million downloads. Similar to previous malware which infiltrated Google Play, such as FalseGuide and Skinner, Judy reportedly relies on the communication with its Command and Control server (C&C) for its operation. After the firm alerted Google, the apps were removed from the Play store. How does the Judy Malware work? To bypass Bouncer, Google Play’s protection, the hackers create a seemingly benign bridgehead app, meant to establish connection to the victim’s device, and insert it into the app store. Once a user downloads a malicious app, it silently registers receivers which establish a connection with the C&C server. The server replies with the actual malicious payload, which includes JavaScript code, a user-agent string and URLs controlled by the malware author. The malware opens the URLs using the user agent that imitates a PC browser in a hidden webpage and receives a redirection to another website. Once the targeted website is launched, the malware uses the JavaScript code to locate and click on banners from the Google ads infrastructure. Upon clicking the ads, the malware author receives payment from the website developer, which pays for the illegitimate clicks and traffic. But, who is behind the Judy Malware? CheckPoint stated that the malicious apps are all developed by a Korean company named Kiniwini, registered on Google Play as ENISTUDIO corp. The company develops mobile apps for both Android and iOS platforms. It is quite unusual to find an actual organization behind mobile malware, as most of them are developed by purely malicious actors. It is important to note that the activity conducted by the malware is not borderline advertising, but definitely an illegitimate use of the users’ mobile devices for generating fraudulent clicks, benefiting the attackers. Mentioned below is the list of malicious apps released by Check Point: Fashion Judy: Snow Queen style Animal Judy: Persian cat care Fashion Judy: Pretty rapper Fashion Judy: Teacher style Animal Judy: Dragon care Chef Judy: Halloween Cookies Fashion Judy: Wedding Party Animal Judy: Teddy Bear care Fashion Judy: Bunny Girl Style Fashion Judy: Frozen Princess Chef Judy: Triangular Kimbap Chef Judy: Udong Maker – Cook Fashion Judy: Uniform style Animal Judy: Rabbit care Fashion Judy: Vampire style Animal Judy: Nine-Tailed Fox Chef Judy: Jelly Maker – Cook Chef Judy: Chicken Maker Animal Judy: Sea otter care Animal Judy: Elephant care Judy’s Happy House Chef Judy: Hotdog Maker – Cook Chef Judy: Birthday Food Maker Fashion Judy: Wedding day Fashion Judy: Waitress style Chef Judy: Character Lunch Chef Judy: Picnic Lunch Maker Animal Judy: Rudolph care Judy’s Hospital: Pediatrics Fashion Judy: Country style Animal Judy: Feral Cat care Fashion Judy: Twice Style Fashion Judy: Myth Style Animal Judy: Fennec Fox care Animal Judy: Dog care Fashion Judy: Couple Style Animal Judy: Cat care Fashion Judy: Halloween style Fashion Judy: EXO Style Chef Judy: Dalgona Maker Chef Judy: ServiceStation Food Judy’s Spa Salon DNA Web Team TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Technology Reliance Jio fastest network in April, clocks highest speed of 19.2 MB/second: TRAI Technology ISRO's GSAT-19, GSAT-11 satellites to revolutionise communications in region Social Media WATCH| Soon, magical pub to open for Harry Potter fans Science Playing a musical instrument can be good for brain, claims research Science China plans to launch space telescope to understand Milky Way pulsars Science Russian and French astronauts end 196-day mission on ISS, land on Earth Next Article > PM Modi embarks on 4-nation tour to boost India's economic engagement; here's all you need to know Next node PM Modi embarks on 4-nation tour to boost India's economic engagement; here's all you need to know Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Judy Judy Malware Checkpoint malware Android Users android malware Google Play Store Web Exclusive Android hack malicious apps SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Cong leader's organisation to adopt 208 farmer families Reaffirm commitment to nurturing a better planet: PM Suicide attack foiled on CRPF camp, four militants killed Philippines' Duterte faces martial law legal challenge Etihad Airways to suspend flights to and from Qatar from Tuesday Sport Rugby-British and Irish Lions team to play Auckland Blues Soccer-Hazard to miss Belgium matches after fracturing ankle Rugby-O'Driscoll incident back in focus at Blues team naming NBA-James struggles to find any positives after another big defeat Dominic Thiem demolishes Zeballos to march into French Open quarters Entertainment 5 reasons why we love the 'Munna Michael' trailer! 'Wonder Woman' soars with $100.5 million, 'Pirates 5' fizzles out at US box office Ariana Grande gets emotional as she closes One Love Manchester concert Tight security and tears at benefit concert for Manchester bomb victims Ariana, others perform in Manchester as tribute to attack victims Money Developers hopeful of solar tariff at Rs. 1.5 per unit China stocks fall even as IPO pace cools; Hong Kong also eases Goldman, Nomura heeded warnings before Venezuela bond deal FOREX-Dollar edges away from lows hit on downbeat US jobs data, sterling slips South Korea draws up $10 billion extra budget to create jobs Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Internet Internet News Google Search Gets a Personal Tab, Shows Content From Private Sources  Gadgets 360 Staff, 29 May 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Personal tab will show content from private sources like Gmail, Photos You'll find the Personal tab in the More option under the search box Users will find it both on their Web and mobile accounts Aiming to help people find what they are looking for, Google has added a "Personal" tab in search results to show content from private sources like Gmail account and Google Photos library. "The Personal tab works similarly to the way the existing Maps, News, or Images tabs work - instead of showing you a search for links, it just takes the entered search terms and shows you results from your Google accounts instead. The Personal tab doesn't show up by default - you'll have to click through to the "More" option; it'll be on the bottom," technology website The Verge reported. The Personal tab can be found behind the More menu and will surface results like Gmail messages and calendar events from users signed-in accounts. The report adds that users seeing the Personal tab feature will find it both on their Web and mobile accounts. For photo searches, users can either immediately open an image result or click through to do a deeper search in Google Photos. In March, Google introduced shortcuts on the Google Search app for Android, iOS and Google.com on the mobile web that gives users the ability to explore deeper within topics they care about. With shortcuts right on the home screen, users now have access to in-depth experiences across sports, eat and drink, entertainment and weather sections. Android users will find other useful shortcuts too like translate, nearby attractions, flights, hotels, Internet speed test, currency converter and more. Written with inputs from IANS For the latest tech news and reviews, follow Gadgets 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel. Tags: Google, Google Update, Google Personal Tab, Google Search, Internet, Apps British Airways to Resume Flights After IT Systems Crash; Union Says Indian Firms to Blame BSNL Plans Satellite Phone Service for All in 2 Years Google Search Gets a Personal Tab, Shows Content From Private Sources     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest ZTE Nubia Z17 Motorola Moto Z2 Play Asus Zenpad 3S 8.0 Asus Zenpad 10 Asus Zenpad 10 Yu Yureka Black Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 10 Panasonic Eluga I3 Mega Essential Phone Samsung Galaxy Feel Gionee S10C Gionee S10B Gionee S10 Huawei Nova 2 Plus Huawei Nova 2 Zen Admire Sense Xiaomi Mi Max 2 Huawei Y6 (2017) Ziox Astra VIVA 4G Huawei Honor Play Pad 2 (9.6-inch) LTE Popular Samsung Galaxy S8 Xiaomi Redmi 4 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Nokia 3310 (2017) Xiaomi Mi 6 Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi 3s Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Xiaomi Redmi 4X Apple iPhone 6 OnePlus 5 Mi Max 2 Tech News in Hindi Nokia 3, Nokia 5 और Nokia 6 भारत में 13 जून को हो सकते हैं लॉन्च Sony Xperia XZ Premium में कितना दम? पहली झलक मोटो सी भारत में लॉन्च, जानें कीमत व स्पेसिफिकेशन Latest Videos 03:35 360 Daily: Moto C, Moto G5 Available Offline in India, Nubia Z17 Launched, and More 02:46 Sony Xperia XZ Premium First Look 01:15 India Mobile Congress To Be Held In September 01:00 Acer Predator 21 X First Look 01:00 Acer Predator Triton 700 First Look More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Destiny 2 Not Releasing On Steam Is the Best Thing for PC Gamers Akhil Arora Twin Peaks' Return Is Even More 'Lynchian' in the Era of TV Auteurs Gopal Sathe Cord Cutting Is Finally a Realistic Option in India Advertisement Advertisement Recent Microsoft Accidentally Releases Internal Windows 10 Builds, Apologises India Among Countries Worst-Affected by New Malware, Says Check Point After London Attack, Facebook to 'Aggressively Remove Terrorist Content' ISRO to Launch Its Heaviest Rocket and Satellite Today Amazon Aims to Put Fire Phone Nightmare Behind With 'Ice' Smartphones Apple Set to Expand Siri, Taking a Different Approach From Amazon's Alexa Nokia 3, 5, 6 India Launch Date, Moto C Comes to India, More: 360 Daily Steam Direct to Cost $100; Greater Emphasis on Steam Curators: Valve Apple Tipped to Unveil Four New iPad Tablets at WWDC 2017 Need for Speed Payback Release Date, Price, and Editions Revealed More News TRENDING ISRO to Launch Its Heaviest Rocket and Satellite Today Moto C Launch, Yu Yureka Black, Essential Phone, and More News This Week Amazon Aims to Put Fire Phone Nightmare Behind With 'Ice' Smartphones Nubia Z17 With 8GB RAM and Qualcomm Quick Charge 4+ Launched Microsoft Accidentally Releases Internal Windows 10 Builds, Apologises Nokia's New Android Phones Are Expected to Launch in India on June 13 Sony Xperia XZ Premium First Impressions Nokia 3, 5, 6 India Launch Date, Moto C Comes to India, More: 360 Daily India Among Countries Worst-Affected by New Malware, Says Check Point Nintendo at E3 2017: Everything We Know So Far Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 29 May 2017 | MYT 1:51 PM Google Search introduces Personal tab to show users’ online content by lee kah leng The new Google Search Personal tab will show the user's personal items stored online such as photos, emails, calendar entries. — LEE KAH LENG/The Star Google Search is without doubt one of the most used online services in our daily lives today. The ability to trawl through millions of webpages on the World Wide Web and offer the most relevant search results have been the main attraction of the service. Now, the tech giant has introduced a new “Personal” panel on the Google Search page to help filter the best search results for the user’s personal information stored on Google’s popular services such as Google Photos, Gmail, and Google Calendar. Searching for something – for instance Shanghai – using Google will show all the user’s personal items, such as all the relevant photos stored on the cloud, flight and room booking e-mails and related calendar entries. The search results are also re-ordered according to the relevance of the search criteria, making it easy to access the content without scrolling through thousands of items within each apps. The new Personal tab makes it easier for users to search for their information online without having to open each Google services available. To access the Personal tab, simple head to www.google.com/, and perform a regular search. When the results are shown, click on the “more” tab under the search bar, then select “personal” through the drop-down menu. For privacy and security reasons, the results will only be available to the user. If you have yet to come across the feature, fret not as it is now rolling out to desktop and mobile users. Related Stories You May Be Interested Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish The need to educate investors on ponzi and pyramid scheme Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read Getting closer to diverse society on two wheels Preparing for dry days U.S. Secretary of State Tillerson says China needs to step on North Korea advertisement Latest News Apple to software developers: We have new hardware for your apps European telecoms firms pin hopes on Esports video game gladiators China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology Most Viewed in Tech Bentley on Demand is like Uber for the uber rich Here’s how to know if someone’s blocked you on WhatsApp Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Microsoft’s weapon in high-stakes cloud-computing battle with Amazon? Freebies Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology European telecoms firms pin hopes on Esports video game gladiators Injustice 2: Doing justice to DC Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 29 May 2017 | MYT 2:30 PM Acquisitions accelerate as tech giants seek to build AI smarts Alphabet Inc's Google has acquired 11 AI startups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple Inc, Facebook Inc and Intel Corp, respectively, according to CB Insights. — Sipa USA/TNS SAN FRANCISCO: A total of 34 artificial intelligence startups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter, according to the research firm CB Insights.  Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Alphabet Inc's Google has acquired 11 AI startups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple Inc, Facebook Inc and Intel Corp, respectively, according to CB Insights.  The companies declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company's recent purchase of Lattice Data, a startup that specializes in working with unstructured data.  The first quarter also saw one of the largest deals to date as Ford Motor Co invested US$1bil (RM4.27bil) in Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams at Google and Uber Technologies Inc.  Startups are looking to go deep on applications of artificial intelligence to specific fields, such as health and retail, industry observers say, rather than compete directly with established companies.  “What you will see is very big players will build platform services, and startup communities will migrate more to applied intelligent apps,” said Matt McIlwain, managing director of Madrona Venture Group.  Healthcare startup Forward, for example, is using artificial intelligence to crunch data that can inform doctors’ recommendations.  “For people who really want to focus on core AI problems, it makes a lot of sense to be in bigger companies,” said Forward chief executive officer Adrian Aoun, who previously worked at Google. “But for folks who really want to prove a new field, a new area, it makes more sense to be separate.”  Artificial intelligence companies that do remain independent field a steady stream of suitors: Matthew Zeiler, chief executive of Clarifai, which specializes in image and video recognition, said he has been approached about a dozen times by prospective acquirers since starting the company in late 2013.  Clarifai’s pitch to customers such as consumer goods company Unilever Plc and hotel search firm Trivago is bolstered by its narrow focus on artificial intelligence.  “(Google) literally competes with almost every company on the planet,” Zeiler said. “Are you going to trust them with being your partner for AI?”  Tech giants have been locked in a bidding war for academics specialising in artificial intelligence. Startups rarely have the capital to compete, but a company with a specialised mission can win over recruits, said Vic Gundotra, chief executive of AliveCor, which makes an AI-driven portable heart monitor.  “They say, ‘I want to come here and work on a project that might save my mother’s life,’” Gundotra said. — Reuters Related Stories You May Be Interested Why parents’ tech obsession may mean kids misbehave The need to educate investors on ponzi and pyramid scheme Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read Barred from boarding Fed Cup squabble overshadows home fans' joy U.S. Secretary of State Tillerson says China needs to step on North Korea advertisement Latest News Apple to software developers: We have new hardware for your apps European telecoms firms pin hopes on Esports video game gladiators China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology Most Viewed in Tech Bentley on Demand is like Uber for the uber rich Here’s how to know if someone’s blocked you on WhatsApp Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Microsoft’s weapon in high-stakes cloud-computing battle with Amazon? Freebies Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology European telecoms firms pin hopes on Esports video game gladiators Injustice 2: Doing justice to DC Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Milanofinanza ItaliaOggi MF Fashion Class Life CCeC Cerca  Logout |  Registrati    Accedi  |  Registrati   Abbonati   Newsletter   Status Utente Lunedì 5 Giugno 2017 - Ore 07:24 Home Edicola Il Giornale di Oggi MF/MilanoFinanza ItaliaOggi La mia edicola Nuovo Diritto delle Società Archivio articoli Cerca arretrati PDF Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni Lavoro e Carriera eFinancial Careers Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Mf international cina-italia Diplomi di valore Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore RadioClassica Italia Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Europa Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mondo Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute Desk China Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate MF Dow Jones MF Dow Jones Tutte le news MF Dow Jones IPO e Performance delle matricole Correlati Archivio Le News più lette Le News più commentate Le News più votate Mercati Mercati Borsa italiana in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli La Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online Help Panieri MF ITALY In Evidenza Settori europa realtime Bond - Movers di oggi ETF - Spread & Movers CW & Certificates - Movers Indici - Il quadro tecnico Future - Strategie operative COT - Comm. Traders Report Calendario macroeconomico Fondi - Migliori e Peggiori Trading - Formazione e agenda Newsletter MF Trading Guide Download EasyTrading Download MarketStrategy Strumenti & Analisi Strumenti & Analisi Home di sezione Azioni Titoli stato & Bond Warrant CW e Certificates Fondi italiani Fondi esteri-Sicav ETF & ETC Cerca Case Immobiliare Cambio valuta Cambio Euro Dollaro Cambio Euro Sterlina Cambio Euro Franco Svizzero Cambio Euro Yen Blue Chip e Indici MF ITALY40 ai raggi X Analisi indici azionari Bull & Bear I migliori in Italia I migliori in Europa I migliori in Usa I peggiori in Italia I peggiori in Europa I peggiori in Usa Tecnologia Tecnologia My Tech Home My Tech news Correlati ClassLife - Hi-Tech video ClassLife - Hi-Tech news Lifestyle Motori Motori Home Motori su strada Motori & finanza personale Economia delle Case Innovazione e tecnologia Lifestyle Arte Vini Salute Gentleman’s Watch MFfashion Turismo Le Guide di Class Ristoranti Alberghi GentlemanLife - ClassLife ClassLife - Arte e design ClassLife - Viaggi e sapori ClassLife - Orologi e gioielli Opinioni Opinioni Orsi & Tori Orsi & Tori Archivio Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni Alert sui miei titoli Annuario investitore Patrimoni Patrimoni Web Il mio patrimonio Video Live TV NEWS TUTTE LE NEWS INDIETRO 29/05/2017 07:02 caldissime Privacy online, lettera degli editori italiani ed europei al Parlamento e Consiglio Ue Gli editori italiani della Fieg (Federazione italiana editori giornali) insieme a quelli europei, tutti riuniti nell’Enpa (European newspaper publishers’ association) e nell’Emma (European media magazine association), si rivolgono direttamente al Parlamento e al Consiglio europeo con una lettera aperta perché non venga adottata l’attuale proposta di regolamento sull’e-privacy Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Commenta Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere Vota 0 Voti Si rivolgono direttamente al Parlamento e al Consiglio europeo con una lettera aperta gli editori italiani della Fieg (Federazione italiana editori giornali) insieme a quelli europei, tutti riuniti nell’Enpa (European newspaper publishers’ association) e nell’Emma (European media magazine association), perché non venga adottata l’attuale proposta di regolamento sull’e-privacy. In particolare, gli editori europei giudicano negative le ricadute della proposta sul settore quando prevede che l’utente digitale potrà acconsentire o meno al trattamento dei suoi dati, sbarrando o meno una casella al momento d’installare il browser sul suo computer. Gli editori rischiano infatti di essere penalizzati, in caso di mancato assenso, perché non potranno più profilare gusti, abitudini e comportamenti dei loro lettori online. Blocco che, a sua volta, ostacola sia la creazione di contenuti giornalistici maggiormente vicini ai gusti del lettorato sia la capacità di offrire solamente pubblicità pertinente alle esigenze degli utenti. Non solo, c’è anche un’altra conseguenza negativa a detta di Enpa ed Emma (la cui lettera aperta viene pubblicata oggi, qui di seguito, da MilanoFinanza.it in contemporanea con gli altri giornali): la proposta di regolamento può favorire indirettamente i big della rete tra cui Facebook, Google News, Yahoo, Apple News, Msn e Amazon Alexa. Questi ultimi chiedono ai loro utenti di fare log-in se vogliono entrare nelle loro piattaforme, registrandosi con tanto di riferimenti personali, e quindi hanno una seconda occasione per domandare agli utenti il permesso di acquisire i loro dati. Passaggio che invece non esiste di norma per leggere le notizie su quotidiani e periodici, in capo ai quali e ai loro editori continuerebbe a valere il blocco posto dall’utente al momento dell’installazione del browser. Infine, sempre secondo il giudizio degli editori, la proposta di regolamento mal si concilia con la General data protection regulation (Gdpr, Regolamento generale protezione dati), al quale bisognerà adeguarsi tra un anno e che punta proprio a uniformare tutta la normativa comunitaria in materia di privacy. Ecco il testo della lettera aperta: Open letter to the European Parliament/Council Trust, privacy and news - the need to rethink ePrivacy proposals We support the objective of the Commission’s draft “ePrivacy” regulation, which has the potential to clean up the digital economy, and to restore citizen trust in how their data is used online. Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online. News organisations depend on the trust of our readers, and we support a system of regulation that restores trust, and cleans up the digital environment. But news organisations also use data generated by readers to improve their products and services by offering readers journalism that is relevant to them, and serving display digital advertising that is relevant to readers. As a result of digital distribution, more digital citizens are accessing high quality news and quality information than ever before. But the increasing trend towards consumers accessing news content via third party gateways such as Google News, Facebook, Yahoo, Apple News, MSN (Microsoft) and Amazon Alexa is changing the way that European citizens consume news[1], making publishers ever more reliant on a small number of global platforms as a consequence. Through the current ePrivacy proposals, the Commission proposes that digital citizens must consent to non-strictly necessary tracking on a global basis when they connect to the Internet via a browser interface. Given that 90 per cent of usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla[2], this focus on obtaining user permission via the browser interface has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways. The ePrivacy proposals contrast with the implication of the Commission’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – due to come into force in May 2018 - which aims to empower user privacy by forcing sites themselves to make sure that users understand and are empowered to control the gathering of data about their browsing behaviour in context of each site that they visit. By creating a single global permission within the browser interface, the Commission´s ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency and meaningful user empowerment in practice, and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on the trust of their users, and those who do not. While the explanatory memorandum accompanying the ePrivacy proposals does not place an outright ban on publishers communicating with readers in order to seek consent for the use of 3 rd party cookies, in practice, publishers are concerned that it will be incredibly difficult to persuade readers to change their browser settings to allow 3 rd party cookies. As a consequence, individual news organisations would be unable to provide readers with personalised content and marketing, or serve relevant digital advertising within their environments. The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend in 2017[3]. If as a result of these proposals, news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of dominant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe. The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which, digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies: a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens; further strengthen their dominance in the European digital economy, and; introduce further complexity for individual publishers, despite the European Commission acknowledging these issues are already covered by the regulation that will enter into force in 2018. By shifting consent to the collection of data from each individual news site that they visit, to providing a global consent via a small number of powerful gateways, the Commission’s proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising. The impact on news organisations would be to reduce their ability to deliver high quality products and services, and undermine their ability to generate advertising revenues to reinvest in journalism. Therefore it is essential that in implementing the objectives of the “ePrivacy” proposals, the European Parliament / Council must work with the news industry to ensure that the directive provides flexibility of implementation to encourage a direct relationship between each internet user and the trusted news organisations that they visit, not further undermine it. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [1] 1 The latest Reuters News Report - which surveyed citizens across the world - found that “ half (51%) say they use social media as a source of news each week. More than a quarter of 18–24s say social media (28%) are their main source of news – more than television (24%) for the first time.” As a result of these changes, the Reuters survey found that the “growth of news accessed and increasingly consumed via social networks, portals and mobile apps means that the originating news brand gets clearly noticed less than half the time in the UK, and Canada. In countries like Japan and South Korea, where aggregated and distributed news is already more widespread, the brand only gets noticed around a quarter of the time when accessed through news portals.” [2] https://www.statista.com/statistics/269881/market-share-held-by-internet-browsers-in-europe [3] https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/may/02/google-and-facebook-bring-in-one-fifth-of-global-ad-revenue Condividi su FacebookCondividi su TwitterCondividi via emailCondividi su Google+Condividi su LinkedinCondividi su WhatsApp Commenta Stampa Riduci carattere Ingrandisci carattere   Japan and South Korea   that   European Parliament   Microsoft and Mozilla   Google and Facebook   European Commission Potrebbero interessarti anche cerca case e appartamenti Inserisci comune Le News più lette Tutte 1. Le azioni baciate dal robot 03/06/2017 2. Mps, non è ancora finita 03/06/2017 3. BORSA: commento di chiusura 02/06/2017 4. COMMENTO AIM: indice in rialzo, in luce Assiteca 02/06/2017 5. B.Mps: pronto accordo con Atlante su sofferenze (Mess) 17/05/2017 Le News piu' commentate Tutte 1. Unicredit: forzata anche la soglia psicologica dei 16 euro 05/05/2017 2. Unicredit: ricoperto il primo gap a 16,15 euro 18/05/2017 3. Dax future: una brusca e improvvisa correzione 18/05/2017 4. Dax future: resistenza di breve a 12.850 punti 17/05/2017 5. Unicredit: un trend rialzista pieno di gap 12/05/2017 Le News piu' votate Tutte 1. Ftse Mib: rimbalzo verso le prime resistenze grafiche 02/06/2017 2. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per martedì 9 maggio 09/05/2017 3. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per lunedì 8 maggio 08/05/2017 4. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per giovedì 1 giugno 01/06/2017 5. FtseMib future: spunti operativi per mercoledì 24 maggio 24/05/2017 Class Editori MFIU ItaliaOggi ClassHorse.TV Global Finance MFfashion Fashion Summit Class Life Guide di Class ClassMeteo Video Center MF Video Center IO RadioClassica Eccellenza Italia MFConference Class Abbonamenti Classpubblicità Salone dello studente Campus.it Immobiliare.it Supporto Norme Help Faq Contattaci Note sull'utilizzo dei dati Info panieri MF ITALY Milano Finanza Interattivo © Milano Finanza Partita IVA 08931350154 chiudi  LOGOUT LOGIN Edicola MF / Milano Finanza ItaliaOggi La Mia Edicola Archivio I Magazine Il mercato assicurativo 2016 Lombard MF International Mf international cina-italia Diplomi di valore Arriva «class digital experience week» L'annuario dell'investitore Atlanti e Speciali Motore Italia L'Albo d'oro dei fondi La Slovenia vi invita! MF25 Atlante Banche Atlante Assicurazioni News Italia Banche e assicurazioni Bail In Industria Analisi Risparmio Gestito Tech e tlc Politica Utility Commodity M&A Classifiche IPO Eco:nomia MF Shipping Europa Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute ClassEurActiv Mondo Banche e assicurazioni Industria Analisi Tech e tlc Politica Valute MF Dow Jones Tecnologia Archivio Mercati Borsa in tempo reale Titoli di stato - Obbligazioni ETF - Exchange Traded Fund CW & Certificates Occhio ai Titoli Nuova Patente dell'Investitore Borse estere Indici di borsa Future Opzioni CFD - Contracts for difference Cambi - Valute Cambio valuta Commodity Fondi & Sicav Tassi e rendimenti Trading Online TECNOLOGIA Opinioni Orsi & Tori Commenti Podcast Podcast Punto piazza Affari Podcast Alle grida Investimenti Personali Il mio portafoglio Le mie selezioni di titoli Gli alert sui miei titoli Patrimoni Web Annuario investitore My MF Logout Status utente Login Per registrarsi Per abbonarsi Newsletter Video
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Judy malware infects millions of Android phones: What is it and does it affect you? India Today Tech Last Updated: MAY 29, 2017 New Delhi Email Author There is a new threat in the town. A malware called Judy is apparently infecting Android phones. Millions of phones are falling to it, says Check Point, a company that tracks and analyses viruses and the malware that infect smartphones. It's quite scary actually, what Judy is and what it does and unlike many other malware on Android phones, this one actually spreads through Google's own play store. So should you worry about Judy? Is your phone safe from Judy? What is Judy malware? The information about Judy comes from Check Point. The company, in a blog post on May 25, says that the malware was discovered by company researchers recently. "Check Point researchers discovered another widespread malware campaign on Google Play, Google's official app store. The malware, dubbed "Judy", is an auto-clicking adware which was found on 41 apps developed by a Korean company," says Check Point. Also Read: Samsung Galaxy J3 Pro with 2600mAh battery, S bike mode now available on Flipkart at Rs 7,990 The scary part of the whole story is that Judy is hiding in app code since April 2016. Although the apps that have been directly linked with Judy have been downloaded "between 4.5 million and 18.5 million" times, there is no direct estimate o9f just how many devices have been affected. What happens once Judy infects a phone? Judy is an adware. In other words, it tries to make money for its masters by creating fake ad clicks once it has infected a phone. The infection, on the other hand, happens once a user downloads the app through the Play store. After infecting a phone the app connects to a Control & Command centre managed by its creators. "To bypass Bouncer, Google Play's protection, the hackers create a seemingly benign bridgehead app, meant to establish connection to the victim's device, and insert it into the app store. Once a user downloads a malicious app, it silently registers receivers which establish a connection with the C&C server. The server replies with the actual malicious payload...," notes Check Point. Also Read: Xiaomi Mi 6C spotted on GFXBench with codename Janson, shows Mi 6 like display and specs In other words, it doesn't seem that Judy steals any information from a user. Instead, it seemingly uses a phone to generate fake ad clicks, which then make money for its creators. But that doesn't mean that you should not worry about Judy. The malware is very sophisticated, as evident by its design that can even defeat Google's Bouncer protection. It's just that at this moment Judy is probably not stealing anything from users. But with the secret gateway it creates between an infected phone and the malware server it can possibly easily steal private details like credit card information and passwords from a phone. Another interesting part is that the Judy comes from a known developer. "The malicious apps are all developed by a Korean company named Kiniwini, registered on Google Play as ENISTUDIO corp. The company develops mobile apps for both Android and iOS platforms. It is quite unusual to find an actual organization behind mobile malware, as most of them are developed by purely malicious actors," says Check Point. Should you worry about Judy? Absolutely. Although Google says that it regularly scans Play store for malicious apps and threats, it is clear that in this case Google's Bouncer protection has failed. This means you have to be very very careful about downloading apps. Check Point says that it has reported that rogue apps, which had Judy code in them, to Google and that those apps are now gone from Google Play store. But you should still be careful about downloading unknown apps. How do you know if Judy has affected your phone or not? The best way to find out is to see whether you have any of these installed or not. There is no other tool. If you have any of these apps installed, your phone is most likely infected. You should format your phone ASAP. For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech OnePlus 3T may be discontinued but will be on sale in India till the end of 2017 Exclusive: Moto C to launch in India in June, to take on Redmi 4A Recommended Reviews Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Asus ZenFone Live (ZB501KL) review: Live and let live iPad 2017 review: Going back to the iPad's roots Smartron srt.phone review: Sachin Tendulkar's phone is off to a good start, almost Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaDo not buy Nokia 3310 for nostalgia, buy it for peace of mind Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Home News Companies Mobile Gadgets Opinion Cyber Security Multimedia Fin24 TechNews Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI 2017-05-29 08:39 - Mark Gurman, Bloomberg Post a comment 0 share: (Picture: AFP) RELATED ARTICLES Nokia, Apple bury hatchet in patent dispute Apple, Visa face patent infringement lawsuit over Apple Pay Rare Apple-1 auctioned for less than expected San Francisco - Apple made an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence - such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com and Alphabet in the booming field of artificial intelligence. READ: Apple's dilemma: what to do with $256bn cash pile While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI," said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Improved performance Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. READ: Apple delivers higher profits, but iPhone sales slip An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Read more about: apple  |  artificial intelligence share: More In This Category Drones reshaping aviation industry Turkcell’s $4.2bn MTN claim to be heard in SA Net1: Belamant's R104m severance pay is justified Science Indaba hopes to inspire youth Most Popular Read Drones reshaping aviation industry Replacing humans with robots take longer than expected - report Turkcell’s $4.2bn MTN claim to be heard in SA Net1: Belamant's R104m severance pay is justified Telkom to split company into four units - sources Contact us   |   About Us   |   Terms & Conditions NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |    
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Judy Malware Infects Up To 36.5 Million Android Devices: Here Are Some Tips To Stay Safe Online 28 May 2017, 11:35 pm EDT By Carl Velasco Tech Times WATCH RELATED VIDEO Submit A set of apps under the name of Judy are actually malicious ad-clicking malware, security firm Check Point has found out. Here’s how to keep your Android device safe from malware.   ( Google ) Security firm Check Point on Thursday, May 25, unearthed a number of Android applications that infected devices with malicious ad-click software. Among such apps, one had been available directly through Google's Play Store for over a year until recently. How widespread the malware has yet to be determined, but the firm claims that it has managed to reach as many as 36.5 million Android devices, the most distributed malware yet found right inside Google Play. Judy Malware: How It Works The apps were often masked under the "Judy" brand, many of them being cooking or fashion games. Judy is borrowed from the name of the malware itself, for good measure. The apps' malicious behavior went largely unnoticed because its malware payload was siphoned from a non-Google server upon being installed on devices, according to Check Point. Once the code has penetrated the infected device, it would begin clicking on Google ads, which in turn would generate ad revenue toward the malware's perpetrator. This was how Judy was able to bypass Bounce, Google Play's protection system. Judy Malware: Who's Responsible? The trove of malicious apps was created by a Korean company named Kiniwini, registered in the Play Store as ENISTUDIO corp. The developer publishes apps for both iOS and Android platforms. How To Keep Your Android Device Safe From Malware One risk associated with an open software such as Android is its vulnerability to malicious software. So here are tips to keep an Android device safe from malware, and by extension, how to be avoid viruses when online. • Check reviews: Even if the app you're downloading comes from a legitimate store, always check user reviews for potential red flags. Most likely, other users have already spotted it if there are any. • Keep your system updated: Always make sure that the Android device is running the most recent operating system and security patch. • Use a VPN: When connected to a public network, make sure that you're using a VPN, just in case any malicious perpetrator tries to infect your device via the unsecured network. • Use an antivirus program: Try to find a good antivirus app. Some are free and some offer yearly subscription rates that sometimes include protection for multiple devices. • Choose a strong password: Chances are passwords such as "12345678" and "password" won't be as strong as something more personal, specific, and cannot be guessed. As much as possible, include as many vague symbols and characters for optimum safety. Just be sure to actually remember it, of course. Check out our article for more tips on keeping your Android device safe. Play Store Malware Infestations Judy isn't the first malware to infiltrate the Play Store — it's not the first time a malicious software bypassed Google's security check, and it's also not the most damaging, for that matter. By the looks of things, Judy-branded apps simply wanted a consistent fraudulent ad revenue stream, since Check Point wasn't able to find evidence that private data was compromised among infected Android devices. But the fact that Judy was able to hide itself under seemingly benign apps that went undetected for such a long time might stand as a warning that Android is a less secure operating system than, say, iOS. This is a popular assumption, in fact, one that's been going on for quite some time. If you have any thoughts about Judy, or if you think you've been infected by it, feel free to sound off in the comments section below! TAG Judy Malware, Android, Malware © 2017 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Advertisement Related Articles Chipotle Data Breach Affected Most Restaurants: Hackers Stole Customers' Credit Card Information New 'Cloak & Dagger' Android Exploit Discovered: Here's What The Attack Does And How To Protect Yourself No, Android Go Isn't A New Android Version: Google Clarifies It's Just A Configuration New Google Play Services Feature Will Allow You To Pause Updates: How Will This Benefit Android O Users? Hackers Behind WannaCry Ransomware Announce Monthly Data Dump That Could Include Intel On Nuclear Weapons Programs From Our Sponsor How To Shop Smart: 5 Characteristics Of A Smart Shopper You may love shopping, you may be a bargain hunter....but are you a smart shopper? SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Love Tech Times? Let's Keep in Touch! Sign up for our email newsletter today. Tech Times' biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. By clicking on 'Submit' button above, you confirm that you accept Tech Times Terms & Conditions Most Popular 1 Microsoft Microsoft Accidentally Releases Windows Update That Bricks Devices: Is There A Fix? 2 Apple Apple Taps Freelancers To Help Improve Accuracy Of Apple Maps: Can It Catch Up To Google Maps? 3 Space Ancient Lake On Gale Crater Had Varied Oxygen Levels Across Depths: What This Tells About Life On Mars 4 Earth/Environment Oceanfloor Craters Hint Of Potential Arctic Methane Explosions In The Future 5 Gadgets Alexa Is Getting Better As Amazon Brings New Timer And Reminder Features 6 Security Password Manager OneLogin Hacked: Attacker May Also Have Acquired A Way To Unlock Encrypted Data 7 Public Health Doctors Warn About Putting Wasp Nest In Vagina: Here's Why Some Women Do It 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Unlocked Versions Of The Samsung Galaxy S8, BlackBerry KeyOne Now Available 9 Space Bigelow Aerospace CEO Believes UFOs Visit Earth: Here's His Proof Aliens Exist 10 Public Health Hot And Cold Water Are Equally Effective In Removing Bacteria: Study EDITOR'S PICKS Watch Video Of Newborn Baby Who Tried To Walk Immediately After Birth Do Fathers Treat Daughters Better Than Sons? Study Shows Differences In How Dads Treat Children Judy Malware Infects Up To 36.5 Million Android Devices: Here Are Some Tips To Stay Safe Online Lack Of Sleep Can Cause Brain To Cannibalize Itself: Here Are Signs That You Are Sleep Deprived Oceanfloor Craters Hint Of Potential Arctic Methane Explosions In The Future ESO Begins Construction Of Telescope Big Enough To Find Alien Life Privately-Owned Moon Dust Could Fetch $4 Million At Auction Number 1 Enemy Of Bees: This Parasite Transmits Viruses That Kill Honeybee Colonies Ancient Lake On Gale Crater Had Varied Oxygen Levels Across Depths: What This Tells About Life On Mars TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideosArchives About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2017 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Google gets Personal search, here's how it works India Today Tech Last Updated: MAY 29, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Google search will now be more personal and customised. The Mountain View-giant has added a new Personal tab in search result section that will show results from your Gmail and Google photos. The new Personal tab can be accessed only when you are logged into your Google account. While some users may find the tab placed right below the search tab, many can spot the new Personal feature under the More tab. With the new Personal tab, Google basically goes through your personal sources like Gmail, Google Calendar and Google Photos library. The feature is available across both mobile and desktop platforms. Here's how you can use the Personal tab: 1. First log into your Google account. 2. Now say you enter Amazon orders in the search tab. 3. Now go to Personal tab. 4. You will see that Google results will show all your Amazon Orders and  delivery details in the past. 5. For photo searches, users can either immediately open an image result or click through to do a deeper search in Google Photos.Google in the past has also introduced several similar features for enhancing the search experience. The company last year introduced the  In Apps feature which allows you to search for information in the Apps installed in your phone. This search mode allows you to find content from your installed apps in less amount of time. You can find this feature useful while searching for contact and particular messages. "Similar to the Images, News and Maps tabs, the Personal tab narrows down search query and shows results from your Google accounts instead," Verge reported.   In March, Google introduced shortcuts on the Google Search app for Android, iOS and Google.com on the mobile web that gives users the ability to explore deeper within topics they care about. Also Read: For India, Android Go is Google's biggest announcement at I/O 2017 With shortcuts right on the home screen, users now have access to in-depth experiences across sports, eat and drink, entertainment and weather sections. Android users will find other useful shortcuts too like translate, nearby attractions, flights, hotels, internet speed test, currency converter and more. With IANS inputs For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Judy malware infects millions of Android phones: What is it and does it affect you? Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech Samsung Galaxy Note 8 rumour roundup: Dual camera, curved 4K display and no physical home button Recommended Reviews Nokia 3310 (2017) review: A phone for old times' sake Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Oppo F3 review: Buy it for its superb selfie camera Asus ZenFone Live (ZB501KL) review: Live and let live iPad 2017 review: Going back to the iPad's roots VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaDo not buy Nokia 3310 for nostalgia, buy it for peace of mind Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Google Play Music offers 120 days' free subscription Google Play Music offers 120 days' free subscription Source : Last Updated: Mon, May 29, 2017 11:40 hrs San Francisco, May 29 (IANS) Google is offering a four-month free subscription on its music streaming service Google Play Music for new subscribers, allowing users to scan up to 50,000 songs from their music library. Typically, Google offers a 90-day free trial when a user signs up, but the offer has been extended by one month, the Verge reported on Sunday. Users can listen to custom radio stations on their computer or mobile device using Google Play Music service. However, users who use the free service face ads on their app, unlike those subscribers who pay around $10. Such users can also listen to over 35 million songs, download music to listen offline, and get access to YouTube Red. Though Google has offered similar deals in the past, it was not clear how long the deal would remain active. --IANS qd/in/dg SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Modi-fying bilateral relations: PM's four-nation Europe tour 'Mor' about law! Safety belt for doctors Trump weakened European Union, says Germany All is not okay in Ayodhya! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Media Not averse to having series with Pakistan: BCCI Chinese space telescope to observe 'big eaters' Business Standard Google Play Music offers 120 days' free subscription IANS  |  San Francisco  May 29, 2017 Last Updated at 11:18 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVpYUp ALSO READ Google Launches Google Play Music Subscription in India 'Google Play Music' subscription now in India Google offers Play Music service in India for Rs 89/mth Watch movies, play games on Google Play via MobiKwik Trump suspends admission of all refugees for 120 days Google is offering a four-month free subscription on its music streaming service Google Play Music for new subscribers, allowing users to scan up to 50,000 songs from their music library. Typically, Google offers a 90-day free trial when a user signs up, but the offer has been extended by one month, the Verge reported on Sunday. Users can listen to custom radio stations on their computer or mobile device using Google Play Music service. However, users who use the free service face ads on their app, unlike those subscribers who pay around $10. Such users can also listen to over 35 million songs, download music to listen offline, and get access to YouTube Red. Though Google has offered similar deals in the past, it was not clear how long the deal would remain active. --IANS qd/in/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Google Play Music Offers 120 Days' Free Subscription | News-ians | Media PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Google Play Music offers 120 days' free subscription Google is offering a four-month free subscription on its music streaming service Google Play Music for new subscribers, allowing users to scan up to 50,000 songs from their music library. Google is offering a four-month free subscription on its music streaming service Google Play Music for new subscribers, allowing users to scan up to 50,000 songs from their music library. Typically, Google offers a 90-day free trial when a user signs up, but the offer has been extended by one month, the Verge reported on Sunday. Users can listen to custom radio stations on their computer or mobile device using Google Play Music service. However, users who use the free service face ads on their app, unlike those subscribers who pay around $10. Such users can also listen to over 35 million songs, download music to listen offline, and get access to YouTube Red. Though Google has offered similar deals in the past, it was not clear how long the deal would remain active. --IANS qd/in/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Google Play Music offers 120 days' free subscription Google is offering a four-month free subscription on its music streaming service Google Play Music for new subscribers, allowing users to scan up to 50,000 songs from their music library. Typically, Google offers a 90-day free trial when a user signs up, but the offer has been extended by one month, the Verge reported on Sunday. Users can listen to custom radio stations on their computer or mobile device using Google Play Music service. However, users who use the free service face ads on their app, unlike those subscribers who pay around $10. Such users can also listen to over 35 million songs, download music to listen offline, and get access to YouTube Red. Though Google has offered similar deals in the past, it was not clear how long the deal would remain active. --IANS qd/in/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice Parties agree to push for resolution on reunions of separated families The Korea Herald > Business > Technology After Go victory, Google’s AI to tackle humanity’s bigger challenges   Published : 2017-05-29 15:19 Updated : 2017-05-30 09:38 AlphaGo, an artificial intelligence program developed by Google-owned DeepMind, has led sweeping victories against the world’s top-ranked human Go players over the past two years, but it is retiring from competitive Go. Having beaten Ke Jie, the world champion in the traditional board game of Go, last week, Google’s AI will now set out to help solve some of humanity’s most difficult and complex challenges in fields such as health care and science, Google-owned DeepMind said in a blog post Saturday. Chinese Go champion Ke Jie (left) competes against Google’s artificial intelligence program AlphaGo in their third match at The Future of Go Summit in Wuzhen, China, last week. (Yonhap) “We have always believed in the potential for AI to help society discover new knowledge and benefit from it, and AlphaGo has given us an early glimpse that this may indeed be possible,” DeepMind wrote. “The research team behind AlphaGo will now throw their energy into the next set of grand challenges, developing advanced general algorithms that could one day help scientists as they tackle some of our most complex problems, such as finding new cures for diseases, dramatically reducing energy consumption, or inventing revolutionary new materials,” it said. Since its debut last year, AlphaGo’s outstanding performance against human Go masters has offered the public a taste of how AI, when applied to certain settings, can surpass human intelligence. During a series of matches held in Seoul last year, the gaming AI program’s victory against Korean Go grandmaster Lee Se-dol had proved to the public that AI’s implications are imminent and wide. Google is now slated to continue its efforts to apply the key technology behind AlphaGo -- a form of high-level machine learning called deep learning -- to perform difficult tasks in more critical human sectors. Based on the workings of the human brain, deep learning uses large artificial neural networks -- layers of interconnected nodes -- that rearrange themselves as new information comes in, allowing computers to self-learn without the need for human programming. The US tech giant is already engaged in efforts to apply deep learning to the field of medicine. It has been training machines to analyze medical images and automatically detect pathological cues, be it swollen blood vessels in an eye or cancerous tumors. So far, researchers at Google’s medical imaging team have made significant progress on building an algorithm to read retinal scan images to discern signs of diabetic retinopathy, the fastest growing cause of preventable blindness in the world, according to the company. The tech giant is also working to apply deep learning to cancer diagnostics, developing another deep learning algorithm that surveys biopsy images to locate metastatic breast cancer that has spread to the lymph nodes. However, it will take some time before devices running on Google’s deep learning algorithms are commercialized for use in the medical sector, as it must secure sufficient clinical data proving their efficacy and accuracy before seeking regulatory approval, said Lily Peng, product manager of the medical imaging team at Google Research. For those wondering what will happen to AlphaGo as it officially retreats from competitive play, Google’s DeepMind said it will publish a final academic paper detailing the algorithm’s efficiency and potential for general use later this year. The company said it will also work with Ke Jie to introduce a teaching tool that shows AlphaGo’s analysis of Go positions, providing insights into how the program thinks and giving the public an opportunity to see the game through the eyes of AlphaGo. It has also introduced a special set of AlphaGo vs. AlphaGo games -- the AI learned to play Go by playing millions of games against itself -- that contain “many new and interesting ideas and strategies,” according to DeepMind.   By Sohn Ji-young (jys@heraldcorp.com) Google to commercialize artificial intelligence to detect diseases 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. Parties agree to push for re... 2. New supplier of Korean nat'l... 3. Prime minister renews vow to... 4. S. Korea OKs four more NK co... 5. Korea has room for tax hike:... 6. Midfielder determined to sho... 7. Seoul shares lose ground on ... 8. Black Pink confirms June rel... 9. Over 2,000 Korean firms sell... 10. Moon takes action for income... 1. Terror attacks strike heart ... 2. Moon has more targets in mi... 3. Almost 10,000 Koreans suffer... 4. Son Ga-in claims boyfriend‘... 5. S. Korea rescues 4 N. Korean... 6. Minister: Moon's position on... 7. Park Myung-soo’s wife makes... 8. Brace for more 9. Ruling party, govt. agree on... 10. Big Bang’ T.O.P issues hand... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Kwon Chung Won | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation ABC Radio Australia Internationalchange International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Change site International International News, current affairs & topical conversations from Australia, Asia and the Pacific Tok Pisin Tok Pisin News and features from Australia in Tok Pisin and English Français French News and current affairs from Australia in French and English for the Pacific ျမန္မာ Burmese News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Burmese and English ខ្មែរ Khmer News, current affairs and English lessons from Australia in Khmer and English Primary Links News Latest stories Features Featured topics Asia Australia Business Pacific Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Featured Programs Pacific Beat Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Search ABC Radio Australia Keywords Advanced search Home \ News AlphaGo: Can an ancient Chinese board game give Google the keys to the Middle Kingdom? AlphaGo: Can an ancient Chinese board game give Google the keys to the Middle Kingdom? Print Share this story AlphaGo: Can an ancient Chinese board game give Google the keys to the Middle Kingdom? Updated 30 May 2017, 0:35 AEST By China correspondent Bill Birtles The robots have had another victory with Google's AlphaGo AI beating the world champion in an ancient Asian board game, in what's seen as a charm offensive to help the tech giant woo the Chinese market. Google spared no effort in using the Go tournament as a charm offensive. (Credit: ABC)  Video: AlphaGo: Can an ancient Chinese board game give Google the keys to the Middle Kingdom? Google is using the ancient Chinese board game known as 'Go' in a public relations exercise, pitting artificial intelligence against the world champion - a 19-year-old prodigy. Its robot player has come out on top but the main game is not over yet, as Chi (Credit: ABC)  If it was just about man versus machine in the ancient Chinese game of Go, then Google has come out on top. The reigning world champion, 19-year-old prodigy Ke Jie proved no match for the tech giant's artificial intelligence AlphaGo, losing the game of strategy in the picturesque water town of Wuzhen. The contest is seen as an attempt for the Californian company to make a soft entry back into the Chinese market, seven years after they withdrew amid censorship and hacking concerns. The best of three match-up against Ke drew comparisons to IBM DeepBlue's chess games against the Russian master Gary Kasparov in the 1990s. "I have a huge amount of respect for Ke Jie taking on AlphaGo, and as a human he has to take on not just the game itself but also the psychological pressure of being in this intense situation", AlphaGo lead developer David Silver said. Developers said the AI had significantly improved since a similar series of games with a South Korean champion in early 2016. "The game of Go is so complex that the number of configurations on the board is greater than the number of atoms in the universe", Mr Silver said. Photo: Ke Jie has played thousands of games of Go online. (ABC News: Bill Birtles) Mr Silver's British-based team developed 'neural networks' in the machine that feedback information and allow it to make precise calculations on the probability of winning each move. He said Ke represented the pinnacle of human skill when it came to playing Go. "He's very young, he grew up playing Go on the internet and played thousands and thousands of games online and developed strategies that are very different to how the game used to be played," he said. But it wasn't enough to beat AlphaGo, which Google said will now retire. "I feel like I can't beat it no matter how hard I try," Ke said after his second match. AlphaGo Google's ticket back to China Photo: Amateur players in Beijing ponder their next move in a game of Go. (ABC News: Bill Birtles) Google's suite of services, including its popular Gmail service, remain blocked in China — a situation other US tech giants like Facebook and Twitter also contend with. In their absence, Chinese domestic tech companies have flourished, leading analysts to believe Beijing's 'by hook or by crook' stifling of the US giants is as much to do with protectionism as censorship. Google spared no effort in using the Go tournament as a charm offensive. It hired a conference centre built only a few years ago by China's Government to host an annual internet summit. It also flew out the executive chairman of parent company Alphabet, Eric Schmidt, who used an address to urge Chinese tech companies to use Google's machine learning products. But on the surface at least, this gathering was all about the game of Go. In the final days before the first match, Chinese websites planning to livestream the matches to fans across the country were issued a directive from the Government not to. The heavy handed move potentially denied millions of fans the opportunity to watch this showcase event, signalling to Google that even taking incremental steps to return to China's vast market won't be straightforward. Topics: China Games Games Industry Professional Gaming Internet Culture Internet Technology Robots and Artificial Intelligence Share this story Do you need to give feedback or ask a question about this story? Listen Top stories London attacks: Malcolm Turnbull has 'very real concerns' for two Australians involved in terrorist attack London Bridge attack: Jeremy Corbyn says Britain needs to have 'difficult' talks with Saudi Arabia Vladimir Putin 'didn't even really talk to' Michael Flynn at a 2015 Russia Today gala dinner Hong Kong vigil: Tens of thousands pack Victoria Park for Tiananmen Square anniversary Champions League: 1,400 Juventus fans injured in stampede in Turin's San Carlo Square Donald Trump's Paris climate pull-out puts him on a collision course with market forces More top stories Explore ABC Radio Australia Your site: International Change site: Tiếng Việt Tok Pisin Français ျမန္မာ ខ្មែរ ABC Radio Australia on Facebook Connect on Facebook ABC Radio Australia on Twitter Connect on Twitter Radio Australia Follow @RadioAustralia Radio Australia News Follow @RANews News Latest stories Features Learn English Radio On air highlights Podcasts Schedule Programs A-Z Presenters Ways to listen Communities Facebook Twitter Community guidelines About Us Contact us Media releases Subscribe Podcasts RSS iTunes Help FAQ Podcasts and RSS Audio and video Using our site World partners: Swissinfo NHK World Radio Canada International Radio Netherlands Worldwide Radio Sweden This service includes material from AAP, Agence France-Presse, APTN, BBC, CNN, Getty, Pacnews, Reuters and other agencies which is copyright and cannot be reproduced, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written consent. Australia Plus Television Radio Australia ABC News ABC International Development ABC Home About the ABC Careers ABC Services Help ABC Contacts © 2015 ABC Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility
Digital Trends Home > Business > That animated GIF you’re sharing could be an… That animated GIF you’re sharing could be an ad in disguise By Julian Chokkattu — Updated May 30, 2017 7:43 am Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Animated GIFs (Graphics Interface Format) are now 30 years old, and they are everywhere — we constantly use them to express feelings or joke around with friends, family, or even coworkers. They’re so ubiquitous on the internet that you can now easily find and share GIFs in all the popular messaging apps, like WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, iMessage, keyboards like Google’s Gboard, and even on social networks like Facebook and Twitter. They’re so popular, in fact, that a new trend is brewing. More and more of the GIFs you see are actually ads in disguise. Before you get your pitchfork out in protest that advertising is invading your blessed animated memes, you should know this: you’ve probably already sent a GIF ad. We’re not talking about a banner ad-like GIFs of a flashing Starbucks logo, but something a little more subtle, fun, and relatable. Like the GIF below: See the faded Domino’s logo at the bottom? It’s not going to stop most pizza-lovers from sharing the GIF in a conversation, and GIF search engines are getting paid by companies like Domino’s for pushing their brands. It’s a revenue model the makers behind GIF Keyboard are pursuing. The secret search engine where GIFs are born Have you ever wondered where GIFs come from? Most of us access them by way of GIF search engines — one of which is a company called Tenor (formerly Riffsy). You may have heard of Tenor’s first app, GIF Keyboard, and you have more than likely used its search engine, which powers GIF searches in apps like Google’s Gboard, Duck Duck Go, Kika, and TouchPal. They’re also a main contributor to GIF searches in services like iMessage, Slack, Twitter, Facebook Messenger, and Facebook (soon). “Tenor … has become a search engine for people’s thoughts, feelings, and emotions.” People use Tenor’s GIF search engine about 200 million times per day, and Tenor is looking to monetize its business by tapping into search terms, which perhaps unsurprisingly, are completely different from the types of terms you would throw into a search engine like Google. “Ninety percent of our volume is people typing in emotions — things like “happy,” “sad,” “smile,” “smirk,” — versus Google, where it’s very intent driven; where I want to understand ‘how tall is this glass,’ or ‘how big is this iPad,'” David McIntosh, Tenor’s founder and CEO, told Digital Trends. “People are typing in things like “ugh,” or “smiling” — people don’t go to Google and type in “smiling.” Tenor, more than 200 million times per day, has become a search engine for people’s thoughts, feelings, and emotions.” The fact that Google, the world’s biggest search company, decided to use Tenor’s API (Application Program Interface) over Google’s own Image Search to power GIFs in its keyboard app Gboard makes it clear there’s value in looking at these search terms. About 60 percent of Tenor’s volume is raw emotion, McIntosh said. Another 30 percent are emotions plus a term, like Minions (from Despicable Me). The final 10 percent comes from people searching for a specific GIF. The goal is to map these terms — these emotions — with advertisers. For example, if you type in “good morning” into a Tenor-supported GIF search, you may or may not see Starbucks-branded content. Starbucks-related GIFs can come from terms such as happy holidays, coffee, good morning, cheers, and more. But if the coffee company wants to make sure Starbucks-branded GIFs are your first results, it can pay Tenor to map its content to “good morning,” putting those results at the beginning. The model is cost per share, so advertisers like Starbucks will only have to pay Tenor when someone shares one of these branded GIFs. Will this ruin GIFs? Will people get skittish about sharing ads? Probably not, Gfycat CEO Richard Rabbat told Digital Trends, because we’ve been doing it for quite some time. “Advertisers are putting budgets behind [GIFs] now, because they see not only the fact that people are excited they can share it on messaging or social, but they’re using it to be a part of the conversation,” Rabbat said. Tenor has been mapping branded content with GIFs since it launched GIF Keyboard. Last year, for example, the company worked with Domino’s to map branded pizza GIFs to terms like “party,” “celebrate,” and “love,” and it ended up driving more than 40 million views in less than six weeks. The same applies for new movies and TV series, as Tenor has partnerships with a variety of studios. The GIF company is starting to officially monetize the feature with select advertisers in its own app first, and it will then later expand it to wherever its API is used. “People love showing this content as long as it maps to a particular emotion,” McIntosh said. But for this model to work, the branded GIFs have to be high quality. Rabbat, who spent some time at Google long before launching GIF search engine Gfycat, said employees at Google never thought people would click on ads ahead of search results. “When we looked at Search, for example, people were like, ‘how are you going to put an ad ahead of what people are really looking for?’ But then over time, the ad relevance became so good that people actually found a lot of value out of the ad itself,” he said. “I think that’s the bar we have to cross so we don’t deliver random advertised content. It has to be relevant, it has to be engaging.” The folks at Giphy, Tenor’s main competitor, think people will share these types of GIFs no matter what because it’s usually representative of what they do in real life. “GIFs are cultural soundbites,” Jason Stein, director of Business Development at Giphy, told Digital Trends. “All the GIFs on Giphy make up an entire language of culture that we use to express ourselves digitally in the same way that the places we frequent and the brands we wear help express ourselves in real life. Sharing a Starbucks GIF is the same choice as when someone walks into a [Starbucks] to grab a coffee on their way to work.” Stein hit home the importance of creating high quality GIFs. Giphy, for example, launched Giphy Studios — a production studio made up of people who know how to “make GIFs look great.” “It’s all great content, and that’s all anyone wants,” he said. “So if a partner is creative, understands the space, and makes GIFs that users want, there’s no “weirdness” at all.”
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Software LATEST NEWS Vladimir Putin denies knowledge of Donald Trump son-in-law back channel proposal ISIS surrenders leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's hideout in Iraq Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Software 04:05 PM | 02 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,273135.70 NIFTY 50 9,65437.40 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,905253.0 USD/INR 64.44-0.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW How Indian IT can compete with Google and Facebook and show the world a better way By TOI Contributor | May 29, 2017, 10.24 AM IST Post a Comment Autocratic “digital sovereignty“ like China or Russia cannot be India's way: more than any other society , India stands to benefit economically from the open worldwide Net. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You By Mishi Choudhary and Eben Moglen The world's major societies are now wrestling with the enormous social power wielded by the internet's “platform companies“.In Europe they speak of “GAFA“: Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon.Twitter, Uber and other aspirant companies hover just out of the main ring. Billions of people provide data about their personal lives and business activities to these companies, which are using that data as leverage to change human behaviour to their economic advantage.Governments everywhere see them as rivals to their power and also invaluable allies. India and its government too face immense challenges, but also an extraordinary opportunity , if GoI can lead India in the right direction. Essentially , three basic approaches to deal with the power of these American data miners have emerged. First, the US government sees them as pillars of post-industrial American power, and as an immense national security intelligence resource. It is therefore their strategic ally. Second, proponents of “digital sovereignty“, mostly autocracies, have chosen to build national search engines and social media structures, favouring domestic private market entrants (as has happened in Russia and China), and by exercising control over national telecommunications networks to block the US companies. Third, the European Union has attempted to control the companies' behaviour by regulation and litigation. Europe's open and democratic societies have been as fully colonised by the platforms as the US: the plurality of their citizens' email is read by Google, most of their citizens' social and family lives are surveilled by Facebook, and so on. The European Commission and national governments mostly attempt to regulate the companies through competition and “data protection“ law, both of which assume that profiting by collecting information about customers and their behaviour is essentially legitimate, and that the states' functions should be to require a “level playing field“ for local companies, and the acquisition of uninformed “opt-in“ clocks from the citizens whose intimate lives are being commoditised. Even the pursuit of these very narrow neo-liberal goals, however, means undertaking vastly expensive and complex litigation against the platform companies, expending time and taxpayers' money on the largest scale, with uncertain results at best. India has a golden opportunity to find a fourth way . The market in internet services ­ that is, information technology for use by people in their daily lives ­ is now dominated by companies that provide “free“ services in return for massive privacy invasion. This model, in which the consumer is the product, is doing enormous harm to the human race and destroying our privacy environment completely , in order to provide people supposedly “free“ email and other forms of social communication, calendaring and similar services “in the cloud“. Autocratic “digital sovereignty“ like China or Russia cannot be India's way: more than any other society , India stands to benefit economically from the open worldwide Net. No Indian government can afford to use its law officers, its Competition Commission and its taxpayers' money to spend years litigating with Google, Microsoft, or Facebook over individual business practices, in the European style. But to take an American free-market position with respect to the US platform companies is to endorse an immense act of digital colonialism, in which the private lives of more than a billion Indian citizens are delivered “free“ to the data miners. India's greatest advantages in 21st century global economic competition are the intelligence and education of its people. Software and network-based service industries are core components of any Digital India economic strategy .European countries intuit that spending hundreds of millions of euros and years in litigation with Google over whether search results prioritise Google services contributes less to European welfare than building a European business that would compete with Google globally . But this isn't aerospace and they don't know how. India can. India can invent competition that challenges not just the platform companies but their basic, anti-environmental business model. Indian internet companies can provide global digital service platforms that protect, rather than destroy, privacy . Indian internet industries can provide reasonably priced, universally available, privacy respecting services that compete directly with services provided by the US data miners, priced reasonably in local terms in all the developed and developing societies. Indian industries, providing state-of the-art cloud services ­ social networking, email, travel, calendaring, on-line retailing everywhere, etc ­ could very profitably , given Indian cost structures, compete to provide those services to everyone in the world who has seen the error of “free“ services based on privacy invasion, and wants an alternative she can pay for, with confidence in the privacy technology that is all open source, and works in their interest rather than someone else's. This is “for-profit, pro-privacy IT for humanity .“ And because of the economies of scale in this business, industry will be able to provide Indians with deeply subsidised or no-cost services, based not on invading or selling their privacy to multinationals, but as a consequence of the redistributive effect of selling first world consumers their data privacy as an export industry . As a method of restoring competitive health to an industry , nothing succeeds like competition. India can not only secure its strategic economic role in the 21st century global order, not only provide its own people with a chance to raise themselves by serving their own needs and the world's, but also help restore the privacy environment for all humanity by controlling the platform companies directly , positively, profitably, by making a better mousetrap. The world will beat a path to India's door. (Mishi Choudhary is a technology lawyer. Eben Moglen is Professor of Law and Legal History at Columbia Law School) Comments(0)Add Comments How Indian IT can compete with Google and Facebook and show the world a better way To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Chandra's the name when it comes to Indian IT! Indian IT: Action shifting from traditional services to digital technology Hope US visa rehaul considers Indian IT's positive role: IT secretary Aruna Sundararajan For Indian IT, president Trump may not be as bad as candidate Trump How India can turn pending American legislation against immigration, which targets Indian IT, into an opportunity READ MORE ONindian ITGoogleFacebook Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Improve Your Chinese Takeout Order With These 5 Tips The Crave by Grubhub Work On The Toughest Part Of Your Job Microsoft Check Out Unbelievable List of Safest 2017 Minivans Minivans - Sponsored AdsMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump backs H-1B reforms bill: US lawmaker Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times See Why Aruba Is The Happiest Island In The World? Aruba Tourism The Latest Wood Design Trends and Tools are Here APA Designers Circle Germantown :  Take $20 Off Your Broken Windshield Replace.. Safelite Watch: Why We Love Emma Stone Fandor Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength Vodafone, BSNL ink pan-India 2G intra-circle roaming pact Gems and jewellery trade ready with GST software A nation of immigrants, but ambivalent about immigration Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented TCS' H-1B visa applications now a third of 2015 levels Google will now pay upto $2,00,000 for finding bug in Android Infosys co-founder NR Narayana Murthy suggests ways to stop job losses IT Employees Unions pitch for 'compassionate unionism' Telecom industry's cash deficit at Rs 1.2 lakh crore: Reliance Communications More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 130k 87k 212k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Video Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact The showstopper Sony Xperia XZ Premium review - - - Deal: Google Play movie rental for as low as $0.99 Post your comment Comments (4) Himanshu 29 May 2017 Google Android Deals Google is currently running a promo where-in users can get a movie rental of their choice for as low as $0.99. You have around 100 movie options to choose from. The offer is limited to one movie rental per user, and most importantly, it's open to only specific Google Play users based on their purchase history. Reports say the deal might be different for different users - like for some, the rental is $1.50. Head to the Google Play Movies page, and if you see the deal advertisement, then you're in luck. Click the ad, and redeem the offer using the prompt that opens up. "Discount will be added to 'Account => Rewards' and applied at checkout," the T&C say. "Redeem your offer by July 7 2017 on Google Play from compatible Internet connected devices using a Google account." Source | Via Related articles New Google Play Music subscribers are getting 4 months of service for free More than 82 billion apps were installed from Google Play in 2016 First Super Mario Run update brings along Google Play achievements, other changes Google Play Music comes with special features on the Galaxy S8 and S8+ Reader comments Bailey p%4F 31 May 2017 What has that got to do with the price of fish? Everyone knows no matter what platform you are on there are movies you get it other ways. But in the main if you are not paying for a new movie that has been released in some way its illegal ther... Reply ;-) UD{0 30 May 2017 There are websites where you can choose thousands and even download free movies...hahahah I love google but I'd rather go there than pay for this... Reply TechLover1 LfNd 29 May 2017 Well, as for the price itself, yeah it is really worth it (mostly for all those eligible), so well done to Google. But on the other hand, I assume that realistically speaking, almost (the majority) everyone knows that you don't even need this (no mat... Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 4 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 72,970 2. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 60,792 3. Xiaomi Redmi 4 (4X) 56,421 4. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 56,280 5. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 44,469 6. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 42,596 7. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 40,114 8. Nokia 6 38,936 9. Apple iPhone 6 36,488 10. Xiaomi Mi 6 34,896 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,208 2. OnePlus 3 1,695 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,684 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,655 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,541 6. HTC 10 1,475 7. LG G5 1,231 8. Samsung Galaxy S8 1,181 9. OnePlus 3T 922 10. Xiaomi Mi Mix 880 Home News Reviews Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 176 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares292 Deals Google News The movie-related deals continue! Google must be paying attention to the forecasts for this weekend in anticipation of ruined family outings. There is a list up on Google Play of 100 different movies, and renting any one of them is just $1 right now with the new promo. If you haven't seen Logan, Arrival, or Get Out, now you can give it a watch on the cheap. And if the kids are starting to go crazy being trapped indoors at grandma's, you can quickly toss up Moana, Finding Dory, or The Incredibles and save yourself for an hour or two. The offer ends on July 7th, and you may have to follow specific steps to redeem it. There are a few caveats. For one, you only get one rental at this price, and two, the deal might not appear for everyone. Your deal might also be be different, some are seeing $1.50. Redeeming the offer might also be a bit awkward, as it seems to be tied to a user-specific coupon code. To use it you need to go to the Google Play Movies page and see if you have the ad visible below. Clicking the ad opens a prompt to redeem the offer. Google says that this offer is only open to specific users based on their purchase history, so YMMV. If everything goes smoothly, you'll have your $1 rental in no time. The full terms and conditions for the deal are available below. $0.99 for any movie rental Get any one movie rental of your choice for $0.99. Choose any title from the newest releases to classics including the selection below! Discount will be added to "Account => Rewards" and applied at checkout. Watch anywhere including offline on your mobile laptop tablet and supported Android devices. Redeem your offer by July 7 2017 on Google Play from compatible Internet connected devices using a Google account. Limit 1 per user. Nontransferable. No cash value. Cannot be used in conjunction with other offers or discounts except Google Play Gift Cards. This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history. Age restrictions apply. See Content Promotion Terms and Google Play Terms & Conditions. Source: Google Play Tags deal alert Google Movie rental one dollar subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ryan Cavitt For me it is $1.49 movie rental. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/775f0f71aed9f34ac07ff6ad601181ea5b3f6032e83ebbb77a61864b8a5699a6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/935239b72cb3597bcaca6892f03e0617be1222001a269d0294c90fb5bd16804c.png bekifft Same for me. Not sure what they're welcoming me back from. It wasn't all that long ago I rented Arrival from them. Ryne Hager I was curious what the differences by account might be. I'll update the post to include that. Hurricane Andrew Same here, I got the $1.49 deal yesterday. nagi Does not seem to be active in Hungary. Probably US-only. Arnaldo Rodriguez For me its $0.99 but when I get to the checkout, its $4.99 again s_bomb Same for me, no discount being applied Mathew Michel I'm guessing we aren't eligible since we use the discounts regularly: "This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history." s_bomb I had to click the banner advertising the deal and "accept" the deal, after that it is being applied. Gilberto Just as @s_bomb:disqus said, I had to click the banner first, and the price is $1.49 -_- Christopher Phillips I work from ease of my house, via doing very simple activities that solely require from you a Laptop or desktop pc together with internet connection and I am more happy than ever before... After six months time in this job opportunity and also i acquired professionally paid in sum Thirty six Thousand bucks... Generally I get roughly 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours time day by day.And stunning factor with this work is the fact that you can easily organize time when you do the job and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check weekly.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,.... me me I see the $0.99, I pick a film, I see rent/buy SD/HD, click on SD rent and it shows $4.99, right upto the point of debitting my credit card. That appears to me to be actually $4.99, not $0.99 ? Ryne Hager Yup, you have to actually redeem their coupon code via an advertisement you'll see on the main page for Google Play Movies, as noted in the article. me me Well that appears not true / applicable. I see $0.99, and then I click on it and it gets right up to the point of about to debit card and its $4.99. So its clickbait to fool me into paying $4.99. Nope. Ryne Hager Unfortunately, if you don't redeem the code via the advertisement on the Play landing page, you won't get the discount. me me Ahh. So YOUR LINK is bad. What i did: Ignore your link. Go to play.google.com Movies then the $0.99 is shown, click on that, then the film, then at checkout its $0.99 shown. Thanks for bringing to our attention, figured out valid method eventually. Ryne Hager Fortunately exactly those instructions were included in the article. Glad you were able to get it to work! iboalali It's a shame that I will never rent or buy any movie or TV show from the play store, because I can't get anything in English (I live in Germany). Except if I want to watch something in German. I rather buy/rent from the Microsoft store, they offer everything in German and English for me. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Wait, where is me me so they can complain that it's still too expensive? Keith Taylor Since I have 5 different accounts I just used on of my secondary ones. blazingwolf I'm getting an offer for 2 episodes of a TV show for $.99. I would rather have the movie but I guess this is better than nothing. ROB Same here... can't imagine a show I would want to pay to see lomsha Shows on 1 account but not the other lol. dullknives same. primary accnt - nothing. secondary accnt - offer is there. pfmiller It says an offer to welcome you back, so it's probably for accounts that haven't used Google Movies recently. roebling "La La Land", the big winner of the last Academy Awards, is on the $0.99 list OtisFeelgood Offer showed up as $1.49 for me. Marty Damn! I was really hyped about this. Sadly the only movies I would have been interested in suck. Logan, The Great Wall and Split all suck. 30014 Logan and Split were awesome, not interested in The Great Wall. Justin Osborne Ah, I reported this about a month ago, it's been going on for some time now. 😛 Marty Tried to rent Passengers and was charged $5.99. Got a refund. iKon Guys, just download Shoebox. Any movie for free. Y'all don't need these offers Good_Ole_Pinocchio Yeaa... Not everybody wants to pirate AC I don't really care about not being eligible for the discount, but it's REALLY tacky of Google to splash the offer screen up for everyone and then sweep the rug under unsuspecting users that didn't receive the promo. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.533s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming May 24, 2017 Alex Wagner 108 Comments Yesterday T-Mobile CEO John Legere teased that T-Mo had multiple announcements coming up, and today a couple of them have been made. Starting May 31st, T-Mobile will kick off its #GetOutoftheRed promotion to help Verizon customers switch to T-Mo. Verizon customers in good standing with their carrier can get their iPhone or Google Pixel paid off by T-Mobile when they switch to T-Mobile and sign up for T-Mobile One, and they can keep their existing device. The phones that qualify for this promotion include the iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Google Pixel, and Google Pixel XL. T-Mobile says that these devices were selected because “phones need certain software to be globally compatible, and some phones don’t yet have that software.” Magenta does say that it’s working with unspecified device makers to make more phones compatible with this promotion. Additionally, Verizon customers switching to T-Mobile must add T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan to their device to qualify. This insurance plan costs $15 per month and includes protection against loss, theft, and accidental damage, McAfee ID Protection, McAfee Content Protection, and other features. T-Mobile says that it’ll pay Verizon customers that take advantage of this promotion with a digital prepaid MasterCard card that typically arrives within 15 days. While this #GetOutoftheRed promotion is focused on Verizon customers (because VZW phones are unlocked), T-Mobile is doing something for AT&T and Sprint subscribers, too. Starting on May 31st, AT&T and Sprint customers can switch to T-Mobile and get their existing device paid off when they buy a new phone from T-Mobile on EIP. And unlike Carrier Freedom, those customers won’t be forced to trade in their existing device. Finally, T-Mobile says that starting tomorrow, May 25th, T-Mobile One customers with at least two voice lines can get two additional lines of service for the price of one. The cost of the second line will be offset by a bill credit. Our friends over at Wirefly have a great tool to compare T-Mobile plans against each other and against other plans on the market. Source: T-Mobile Tags: AT&T, Get Out of the Red, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone SE, John Legere, Sprint, Verizon About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Arsenal, beer, video games. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← T-Mobile Galaxy S6 edge+ update includes security patches, intermittent call failure fix T-Mobile increases deprioritization threshold to 32GB → resource Bill credits, run for your life! (J²) Right… I’d found that the system doesn’t consistently apply these. TylerCameron Yeah their billng process it’s horrible Steve_NYC So true. I actually considered moving to the T-Mobile One Plan even though it would have cost me more money, just to get away from the insanity of their bill credit process. I finally got things straightened out, but I am sure it will be a problem in the future. It’s gotten to the point that I think it’s deliberate. Mike I had a free line from November that I had to call in every month. to get credit. They finally fixed it to be automatic this month. best part I got extra bill credits for months since last November and my bill is now negative so I didn’t have to make a payment this month. Al William So in order to get the free line, you need to have at least a total of 4 voice lines? Corey Jalette You need to have 2 voice lines to get this promo, which you get 2 lines for the price of 1. So in total you end up woth 4 lines, 1st 2 have to be voice, the 2 you’re adding could be whatever you want. So if you’re on the 2/100 plan right now if you add 2 tablets it would be 120 a month (20 per tablet but 1 is free) or if you add 2 voice lines it would be 140 (40 for adding a 3rd line then 4th is free) Al William Thanks for the clarification! So minimum 2 voice lines and the other 2 could be voice or data. I just wish they get rid of these bill credits. Sometimes it’s such a nightmare. Corey Jalette It can be yes but that’s how pretty much everything is done. Just like they had a free line deal in march it’s listed on my account as a free line on us but I still get the charge on my bill, but it’s auto credited. The only time it wasn’t was the first month because I added it before the end of the billing cycle. Cost $49 but they also credited my account manually that one time. Haven’t had an issue since. AWasserberg7 This article mentions Magenta. What *is* Magenta? Is that some cute term of affection for T-Mobile? kev2684 Are you serious? It’s their brand color. VZW = Red AT&T = Blue T-Mobile = Magenta Sprint = Yellow Nobody Special Cricket (umm, green) lol Genecio MetroPCS= Purple Black&Orange= Boost The Waz Just confirmed by T-Force that if you have a 2 for 100 plus a “this ones on us promo” giving you total 3 lines, you will lose your free line if you take advantage of the promotion of 2 for 1 tomorrow. They stated that they have to move you to a different Tmobile One plan….makes no sense since there is only 1 plan…… Corey Jalette This is ONLY if you’re adding a voice line people. If you’re adding tablet/smartwatch/mobile Internet plans that doesn’t affect your phone plan promo of 2/100. Corey Jalette Add 2 tablets with unlimited data on your plan for $20/month. They frequently have a free tablet promo with qualifying data plan. Snatch those up and you’re golden. The Waz Yes this will affect both. IF you have the 2 for 100 and the “this one is on us” free line….you will lose both promotions…confirmed with t force and John directly. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. Yea this is very strange Corey Jalette Not the case, I was able to add 1 more tablet line to my plan for half off yesterday. 2/100 all in promo with 1 free tablet line from March. Now 1 more tablet at half off. 4/$110 not including any kickbacks which both phone lines usually stay under 2gb so 4/$90 now. Had to pay the sim/activation charge of $25 +tax, and my first month will cost about $40 for adding midway through billing cycle. Then $10 or less(if kickback is on). Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. So yea im wondering is anyone can find a loophole or something Andrew Singleton the reason is that you’re on a 2-line promotional plan paying $20 less than everyone else, and you’ve added a line. since you’re unable to add another line on that plan, you are forced to switch to a 3+ line plan, and that will cause activation-related discounts to drop. Corey below is correct, because internet lines (tablet, watch, syncup drive) are their own rate plan and don’t affect your voice configuration. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. J Gerard Yeah! Let’s switch to T-MOBILE because we want to not be able to make phone calls half the time, and not have a signal to look something up when we actually need it. Oh yeah, and to not be able to upload pictures of something fun that we’re doing until we’re at home connected to WiFi later that night or the next day. Before any of you “magenta” fans TRIES to defend them… I’ve been a Verizon customer for about 12 years except for 6 months last year, when I switched because of crappy TMobile’s cheap prices and convincing (misleading) advertising. It was HORRIBLE. I used to get pissed and call them to ask why I could never get a signal. After 6 months, I finally admitted to myself that it was a ridiculous mistake and switched back to The Red! NEVER any issues with Verizon’s service. Never. “Magenta” is only good at talking a big game. If anyone’s thinking about switching to T-Mobile, DON’T DO IT. They are the worst. Go to any other carrier. Doesn’t have to be Verizon. kev2684 It’s all about location, location, location. Just because your area is bad, doesn’t mean everybody will have the same problem as you. J Gerard … EXCEPT that I live in a city. Oh, and Verizon’s coverage is flawless here. I happen to also know (through friends) that AT&T and Sprint are good here, too. Oh, but it’s all about location, location, location. Weak argument. T-Mobile just sucks! There’s a reason it’s so CHEAP! Austin8480 … OK JGerard. Next time, PLEASE use all capital letters to truly get YOUR point across. What I find PATHETIC is that you are a die hard Verizon turd in a TMobile blog. Oh wait, I meant Verizon TURD. Forgot to emphasize that. NOBODY in this room gives a flying —- about your opinion because you slummed it for 6 months and went to Magenta and it was as big of a mistake as…well, I will let you figure it out. J Gerard You were so busy typing a 3rd grade level post that you forgot to make a point. Here’s one for you: T-Mobile is inferior to almost all other carriers. Austin8480 If T-Mobile is so inferior, why are you even giving this blog the time of day. Are you upset that no kids want to hop in your van and eat your chocolate, so you are going to take out your frustrations on the inferior wireless network? thepanttherlady *Tip* Starbursts don’t melt :D theseanteam The hate is strong in this one. Those six months must have really scarred you or something. When you say almost all other carriers, which ones are you referring to? There are only four major carriers after all. And actually, that argument about location is a pretty strong one. T-Mobile’s network is the fastest in many locations, but can be really poor (or even non-existent) in others. The same can be said about everyone–including Verizon. Every carrier has their strong and weak areas. For someone to deny such would have to either be 1) ignorant 2) biased beyond belief or 3) troll. yankeesusa Yea, it still amazes me that people complain about coverage and then lump everyone else in america as having the same coverage, like we all live in the same area. Oh well. People never learn. I’m just happy tmobile works for me and that my data speeds are the highest iv’e ever had. At my house i’m getting close to 100megs almost every time. But hey i guess that’s not good enough for some. thepanttherlady I moved to Crestline a couple of weeks ago. No service. :'( kev2684 I had to google where that is lol :D Yeah it’s rural Ohio but I suppose Band 12 is coming? I’ve seen sightings on Band 12 in Jacksonville, FL lately as well as other parts of the country it’s currently not available. They’re probably working on it at the moment. thepanttherlady Sorry, I should have been more specific. It’s Crestline, CA. I made the same mistake when I called a county office but only Googled Crestline. Guy was really confused as they don’t have my address there. Took me a minute to figure out he was in Ohio. LOL kev2684 You’re literally live in a mountain! Views must be spectacular! thepanttherlady Some of them really are. :) Zacamandapio Verizon here we gooooooo. By the way, we went to Lake Gregory. :) thepanttherlady I’m literally 7 minutes from there. Went there 2 weekends ago to check it out. Water level is a little on the low side. Met a couple that same night that said they’d drained it for some reason and cited “water politics” because I guess the locals aren’t happy about it. Drove up from the Hesperia side this past Saturday and got to see Lake Silverwood. Will have to check it out this summer. Nice drive but hated seeing so many dead trees. :( ETA: I had to get Frontier (Verizon) internet so I could actually use my cell phone. What really sucks is: 1. I literally just got a hotspot through T-Mobile a month ago when they were offering another free line. It’s unusable. 2. I now HAVE to buy phones that have WiFi calling. Blah! thepanttherlady From the day we moved in 5/7: http://imgur.com/UQHsBZF http://imgur.com/t9Z64Q3 http://imgur.com/tm7ReiU And the lake :) http://imgur.com/1YUxwV9 http://imgur.com/tnGMcoq http://imgur.com/zhY16YK http://imgur.com/eaXr58H http://imgur.com/JO9BHJW Sharti24 Who will you be switching to? thepanttherlady I’m not switching. Yet anyway. I lose service 1/2 way up (or down) the mountain so I’ll probably have to get a very cheap pre-paid service/phone for emergencies in case I break down. Not all turnouts have a call box. I still work in Orange County and T-Mobile works fine most places I go. If it starts to be a problem then I’ll have to consider my options. Sharti24 Have tmobile send you a range extender. Not the one you plug into the internet but the one that has two boxes that boosts signal Berzerker Yeah, if you live in Bumblefuck, Montana, don’t switch. Greg Piller Shoot, I just signed up in Montana for TMO. Guess I’m “bumblefucked” lol. I have traveled to every state and been in EVERY U.S. major city multiple times living in every timezone and 11 states. My goodness you have a warped idea of “crap state”. Montana is paradise partner. You have to be from either NYC or California with that f’ed up mentality. He is right & not just in “crap” places but a lot of places like Chicago, IL where I was born and raised. Verizon & AT&T ARE better, Considerably better now in most places but TMO is gaining on them quickly & may reach parity in a few years. When THAT happens if TMO is still competitive, one would have to be a lunatic to stay with AT&T or Verizon. Berzerker …lol. I never said Montana was a “crap state.” It’s the easiest thing to think of when you think of wilderness where you won’t have service for miles. I could have picked a bunch of states, but Montana has, IIRC, the smallest habitation of humans to state ratio, behind Alaska of course. Easy target. Greg Piller To me 4 lines for $120 with TMO is enough of a savings to ditch AT&T. Verizon & AT&T and some of their customers can be arrogant & I think John Legere is one helluva CEO. I can pick up a burner sim with AT&T’s Cricket when I travel a bit and use it until TMO improves in Montana & then it’s sianara to ATT. Happy to be back with TMO. I was formerly a customer since the Voicestream days but when I moved west couldn’t keep them. Their coverage improvement in Montana & the nation as a whole with him at the helm has been nothing short of INCREDIBLE. I hope if the Sprint deal happens Legere is retained as CEO. mreveryphone Hummm… I travel the country for my job and I rarely have issues with T-Mobile… Is it perfect?? No… But no carrier is.. Verizon worked out for you, that’s great. T-Mobile works for millions, that’s also great. But this butt hurt rant is ridiculous and pure comedy! J Gerard “butt hurt rant” is kind of a dumb way to describe what I’m saying. But, I’ll consider the source, eh? Do you know ANYONE who thinks that T is better than V? Nope. So, the difference between us is that I choose to have a better service and I’m willing to pay a little more for it. You are cheap, and you’re willing to have an inferior service because it’s cheaper. That’s it. You know Verizon is better than T-Mobile Francisco Peña Anyone switching carriers should NEVER just switch without taking advantage of the initial return period. I was with VZW for yrs myself. Loved it, with my UDP that was grandfathered. Even went through one wave of price hikes to stay. Then the wife wanted a non-feature phone, and the price hike for her would have boosted out then $108 monthly payment, to $160 once we got a basic data plan, her line access fee (joke) and a new phone. So I looked into TMo. I purposely bought a phone the yr before that worked with Tmo and VZW (moto X DE) and signed up for one line of TMo, switched my Moto to Tmo and reactivated an older LTE phone I had back on VZW. Then I went around for a week doing speed tests everywhere I went. Stuck in traffic? speed test. Both side by side on the seat. Mall? yup, side by side in my hands. Work? yup. Home? yup. I hated VZW at work because my Moto could never get a signal inside the building, which caused my battery to die quickly each day. TMo? got a strong signal. Home, both were weak, but about the same. Driveway? same. So after 10 days, I went in to TMo and switched. Got 2 new phones (had a deal on G4s then) and was spending $140 for 2 lines/10GB each (was the $100/2L/10GB deal) with those phones. Has it been perfect? no. Has it been enough to switch back? no. After some finagling, got a $70 plan with 6GB each for 2 lines. Then have gotten a free line on top of that.. so now I pay $130 for 3 lines, with 6GB each (two don’t come close, mine has Stash so I’m good) and 2 new G6 phones. So for the price, its awesome. Can I deal with some poor service on the outskirts of town? sure. Oh, that Moto X? got it on the 3rd line… theseanteam I don’t think anyone has ever claimed that T-Mobile has better coverage than Verizon, but the point is it has the same quality of coverage in many places. Where I live, T-Mobile has equal coverage and faster speeds. It might not be like that for you, as everyone’s experience will vary. I’m sure if others suffered with bad service, they would switch carriers as well. But your superiority complex is just silly. mreveryphone I know plenty of people that think T-Mobile is better than VW… And I know people that think the opposite, it depends where you live. The service was inferior for you but not for me by any means… I appreciate the cheap name calling, I’ll be cheap all day if it means saving money but getting better service FOR ME… I’ve had service in buildings where others on VW had 0, I’ve smoked people on VW in data speeds tests so I’ll be cheap all day long!! Lol Vazaha There’s an unwritten agreement when you join T-Mobile that you will refrain from living in or going to crappy places. If you live in a decent place T-Mobile is fine. If T-Mobile sucks in your area, you know why :). Vazaha But seriously, I’m always envious of ATT and V when I go to crap places. tranceformer978 Why are you going to crap places? Melissa Cardenas Well what the hell are you doing on this website then? This is a T-Mobile forum obviously most people on here have T-Mobile and they Happy with it so they ain’t gonna listen to you . T-Mobile did not work in my old house so i had Verizon. Now in my new house Verizon don’t work at all and i had to get T-Mobile again because T-Mobile works here fine , So no carrier is perfect. It all depends on location!! J Gerard I get tech news alerts on my phone and things like this come up sometimes and I click on them. I believe that’s allowed! Apparently, what’s not allowed here is proper grammar and punctuation. I almost had to have your post translated in order to read it, but I figured it out eventually. Where did you go to school? Melissa Cardenas What ever im in a hurry and didn’t have time to spell check .But seriously don’t change the subject i don’t get why people like you come talk trash on a T-Mobile forum. ?? Makes no sense haha . And what ever im PRETTY sure you understood fine what i wrote in my first comment. Bull that you almost had to get it translated. Omar Boyer Melisa hes just being an idiot haha i understood perfectly well your first post. And i see they gave u some thumbs up on that first post so others also understood you no need to translate it . Ignore this lowlife with nothing to do. If he wants to stop making an Azz out of himself he should just block the notifications he gets from here. Melissa Cardenas i have better things to worry about ;) omar. And like you said he should just turn off notifications from here then. Eric Harlow Don’t give J Gerard the satisfaction in getting a reaction out of you and allow him to control the situation don’t dumb down to his level Eric Harlow Get off Melissa Cardenas butt about grammar here. This is a forum! Not a college message board or an college English Composition course. T-mobile has improved drastically within the last 3 years. T-mobile works for me out here in San Diego and in my future home in Missoula, Montana. I have mental disabilities that I got serving in The US Navy for twenty years and I dislike your comments towards Melissa Cardenas. This is a T-mobile fan website to discuss peacefully about T-mobile, so get your BIG RED DUMB AND DUMBER ASS OUT OF HERE. Andrew Addison You just made my night with that bomb diggity comment towards that boozo the snow clown filled with stuffy nose, trying to come off as English weirdo professor correcting people on their grammar fool there Bro. Is this guy here serious right now? He had no reason to talk down to someone like that and also talk down on the finest company/carrier, advising everyone to stay away from the best carrier/company which that one being T-Mobile-MetroPCS. We will forever be way Better in USA than any other carrier would have been. Eric Harlow OOH REALLY!!! HOW AWESOME!! Glad I made your night! RLB63 I actually feel sorry for you. How miserable your life must be for you to spend so much time on a site of a company you seem to hate so much. Cellphone companies aren’t making political statements. Seem way to smart for that. Don’t attack social issues. Attacking T-Mobile worth while to you and to spend so much time. You must not have anything better to do with your life. Eric Harlow I think you were supposed to reply back to J Gerard not me. I have been a T-mobile customer for over ten years and I am happy to be a T-mobile customer. Haze1nut English is a 3rd language for me, behind French and Portuguese. Correct my grammar for me, will you. It obviously makes you feel superior. Ascertion You think everyone that switches to T-Mobile can’t “Make calls half of the time”? You’re out of your mind! Tony Chen agreed, t mobile has gained millions of customers each quarter. if the drop calls were so bad why would t mobile gain 100% of new customers agaIN? another blockbuster quarter by t mobile. moonoverparma Funny, I’ve never had a problem. Nobody Special Several years ago i had a verizon phone (when the iphone’s came out they were the only one that were selling them with unlimited data at that time) and i had T-Mobile flip phone that i was using to make international calls. I have to admit, Verizon was more reliable than T-Mobile during my cell phone usage. I chose T-mobile over Verizon because of many reasons…. but it was never due to their coverage, because their coverage was horrible… but since then their coverage has improved. But i switched primarily due to the inexpensive international calls. That was a deal breaker for me, i was content with the terrible coverage with anticipation that they would improve their service. and with Verizon i was paying around $89 dollars for unlimited data and text and 450 minutes of voice calls. my tmobile line (from what i can remember) was around $78 dollars for unlimited talk and text and data. But fastforward to today, I have 5 Unlimited Everything (data/text/voice) lines with unlimited international calling (mobile+landlines) and international text for a low cost of $110 plus taxes and fees. Believe me i checked, Verizon or AT&T have nothing in comparison to what i have with T-Mobile. And i am not bashing you or Verizon at all, Verizon does have a more reliable coverage area but in the end i sided with T-Mobile over Verizon. If Verizon ever came up with incredible deals like T-Mobile has been doing almost every month i wouldnt turn down a great opportunity. RECAP: Verizon “Better Coverage” T-Mobile “Better Prices” It all boils down to what are you comfortable with. Im comfortable with crappy coverage. And My T-Mobile calls do drop often, but what i do is (i press redial) GOTCHA :) Gust OK so here’s the deal. In the morning when you wake up if you have T-Mobile you have to get up take a shower have breakfast shave go outside of your house in other to make a phone call. If you have AT&T or Verizon in the morning when you wake up you can reach for your cell phone and make a phone call. It is that simple. But you know what I have T-Mobile because over one year it saves me about $200 as compared to AT&T or Verizon. So I put up with the crap! Timothy Poplaski T-Mobile supports WiFi calling. You don’t have home WiFi? DM725 How do you not have wifi calling enabled? Maybe you need to buy a phone from the last 2 years… (My Motorola Nexus 6 Supported Wifi Calling….) RLB63 They have equipment they they will ship out for free with a deposit that will boost their signal on your house if you don’t have Wi-Fi calling. My phone automatically switches on Wi-Fi when I get home. Not for signal or to save data. It’s because with all the talk that cell signals MIGHT cause cancer why risk it? It is able to enable Wi-Fi, and it disables it when I leave the house. So that might be an option if you have Wi-Fi…. Phone Guy All lies. So funny, yet sad. yankeesusa LOL, not everyone lives where you live and have bad coverage with tmobile. 4 years ago i would have never used tmobile, now i no longer have sprint and got rid of my verizon line because tmobile is great for me where i live and work. I just recently drove across florida,georgia,nc and tennesse and had no issues. I was able to test it side by side with an att phone and the whole time both phones had coverage except up in the smokies near newfound gap where no one has signal. Don’t lump everyone in the same pile just because it doesn’t work for you. DM725 LoL, where the hell do you live? eanfoso The only one after verizon is at&t because we know that sprint and us cellular sucks more than t mobile Andrew Singleton T-Mobile has the lowest churn rate (people trying it and leaving) of all carriers. Could you please explain why? J Gerard Ha! Oh, I promise you I don’t feel like an idiot surrounded by people who work themselves up into a breathless rant trying to defend a crappy service. gmo8492 Crappy for who exactly, churn has gone down to record lows and T-Mobile has over 73 million subs, so if it doesn’t work out you can switch. Brad C It’s not for everyone, but has worked damn well for me for 12yrs.. I *actually* tried Verizon a few months ago, and came back after two weeks after awful LTE performance JG You’re cracking me up reading your comments! I have TMo and put up with their spotty coverage because I’m paying less per month staying with them. I can admit that. There is alot I enjoy about TMo, but dropped calls and dead zones IS a reality. I have a band 12 phone in metro PHX. Not sure why others feel the need to berail someone who doesn’t agree with them just for argument’s sake. Timothy Poplaski Because you aren’t saying, “Bad coverage in PHX”, you’re saying “Bad coverage”. I can drive for at least an hour in any direction and have solid coverage. It all depends on where you live, and you’re phone. Even phones with band 12 won’t all have the same results because some phones get better reception than others. So, I won’t even argue about coverage in PHX. Never been there, likely never will, so it just doesn’t matter to me. My excellent coverage probably doesn’t matter to you. It’s all about where you use your phone. navi harriram Dude you could of tested the network out on a $10 weekly plan or $3 daily. You don’t buy cell phone service every day so do the work. The sales rep just wants a commission check so they’ll say anything to get you to switch. That’s why I don’t work for wireless companies anymore. Too much bull to deal with yankeesusa Not everyone is defending a company that may or may not work depending on where you live. But many people actually do research and pick a company that specifically works for your needs depending on your area. I had verizon and sprint before tmobile and i have never ever gotten the speeds i get now not to mention i have great coverage ‘WHERE I LIVE”, YOU SEE, that’s the important thing, i researched and made sure it worked for me. I don’t just blindly select a company just because their commercial says so. Screamin That’s strange because T-Mobile has been #1 in customer service AND satisfaction for well over 2 years now… and yes, that includes coverage. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) I am thinking about switching to Verizon due to poor coverage. In San Diego area I get one to bars. I moved from Minnesota and T-mobile coverage in MN is excellent there with all bars. In San Diego it’s very poor in some areas. When iPhone 8 is release I am switching to Verizon. I love T-mobile plans but coverage in my area is poor. Sharti24 Agreed. On base (32nd street) forget about tmobile coverage. sprint excels on 32nd. go over to corando island its even worse! just throw your phone over board. no tmobile coverage on the air base at all. im using an iphone 6s Band 12 which is deployed in SD yankeesusa I agree, if in your area tmobile is not good and is affecting productivity or just not letting you use your phone to its fullest your’e better off changing. I have great coverage where I live and work and when i travel over 99% of the time i have no issues. But i got my wife on cricket which is att so for the times where tmobile may not get signal i have the att towers just in case. I’m on an old grandfathered single line plan that allows work discount so i’m keeping as long as i can. Screamin Sometimes it’s not always the cell coverage causing the issue, but the phone itself, especially if it’s an older device that supports fewer cell bands. With T-Mobile’s latest acquirement of spectrum you can expect a huge improvement in cell signal, both in range and structure penetration, within the year. Of course you can switch if you want, but they’re only going to get better. They’ve more than doubled the coverage in the past 2 years and have just as much coverage as Verizon with a network that’s actually futureproof unlike the other guys. DM725 Agreed, I know people that don’t realize they are using a phone without band 12, that doesn’t have wifi calling or Volte support, and has an extremely weak antenna. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My phone is iPhone 7 and not an old device: Andrew Singleton if you hold an iphone 7 next to a galaxy s8, the s8 will have more bars every time. that’s due to a more powerful signal on galaxies and the fact that bars don’t mean anything with low-frequency spectrum. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My roommate is on T-mobile and his current phone is galaxy s8. We experience the same issue. RLB63 Have you talked to T-Mobile C.S.? If they get people complaining about certain areas they tend to look into those areas. Is it outside or inside or both where you have problems? Inside out could be the building. They can seems you a device to boost the signal for your phone. Patel Nisha You couldn’t pay me to use a iPhone . And why would I switch Verizon to T-unmobile. So I can have a sub par data connection with hardly any coverage…. Andrew Why are you on TmoNews, then? Andrew Addison Lol I was just thinking the exact same thing. Lol DM725 I’m sorry you live in a place that T-Mobile doesn’t prioritize. Here in NY, we have no such issues. Andrew Singleton the offer is also good for pixels, and you don’t know anything about the network. in 1 year, verizon will wish it had t-mobile’s network. browne81 I cavy take this anymore. There is always someone in these forums going miss information. I have to speak up. As awhole some networks are better than others. I’m not going to get into my opinion on which is better nation wide. What I will say is this. The best carrier is the one that works where you frequent the most. No matter what carrier a person loves there is another person out there that thinks it terrible. So all these people saying bad things about T-Mobile should get the facts straight. Lastly I due example I don’t like sprint but I know there are people that have a great time with them. You don’t see me on a sprint site saying how bad they are. Is my spelling perfect no. Is my grammar perfect no. It’s this a college paper? No. So I really don’t care. AJ2 still waiting for them to do a $50 deal for single customers. browne81 They have a prepaid plan for 45 Sharti24 4 for $100 sounds better Line 1 $50 Line 2 $75 Line 3 $90 Line 4 $100 John De Leon I have Verizon and would switch IF T-Mo had better in-building coverage. Several of my fellow employee friends have T-Mo and they have horrible coverage in our work locations. They have to step outside to recieve/make calls. Chris Siegell I don’t see the Galaxy S8+ mentioned? You would think that this phone would be “globally compatible” for the switch? Ming Chang Chuang did they say how long to keep the T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan? Can i remove this coverage after 2 months? Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog Samsung debuts Pirates of the Caribbean Galaxy S8 Google Photos can suggest photos for you to archive AT&T offering $10 DirecTV Now to Unlimited Choice customers LG Pay officially launches Verizon launching new prepaid plans on June 6th T-Mobile launching two iPhone deals today ZTE Nubia Z17 debuts with Snapdragon 835, up to 8GB of RAM Android And Me SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache Google Photos gains ability to suggest Verizon will update its prepaid plans Google plans to block ads in Chrome TodaysiPhone Today is the last day to purchase Apple’s Australian banks officially denied right iPhone 7 will now be officially available iFixit teardown finds that new low-cost Apple Pay now launching in Taiwan with App Store approval now rejecting applications Apple released a number of security About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Science & Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones 'Judy' malware infects several Google Play store apps; over 36.5 million Android phones affected Taking cognizance of the threat, Google has removed all the 'Judy' malware-infested apps from Play store. Rohit KVN   May 29, 2017 09:58 IST [Representational Image] ‘Judy’ malware found in 41 apps on Google Play store. In Picture: Android One phones put on displayReutes / Elijah Nouvelage Despite the several measures taken by Google to combat malicious apps on its Play store, a new malware dubbed as 'Judy' has been detected in over 40 applications, leaving close to 36.5 million Android devices vulnerable to illegal access. Internet security company Check Point Technology, which detected the malware first, has already informed Google and the search engine wasted no time and pulled off all the 41 malevolent apps from the store. Also read: WannaCry kill switch under nonstop botnet attack by hackers attempting to reignite ransomware "The malware uses infected devices to generate large amounts of fraudulent clicks on advertisements, generating revenues for the perpetrators behind it," Check Point Mobile research team said in a statement. Who is behind 'Judy' malware and what does it do? The 'Judy' malware was reportedly created by Korean company Kiniwini, which is officially registered as the ENISTUDIO corp on Google Play store. It makes apps for Android and Apple's iOS platforms. On the Play store, ENISTUDIO corp sells several types of games and value-added apps, and is found to have been installed in around 37 million devices. The company, in a bid to generate revenue, has incorporated the bug 'Judy', which works at the backend of the app, without any permission from the users. "The malware opens the URLs using the user agent that imitates a PC browser in a hidden webpage and receives a redirection to another website. Once the targeted website is launched, the malware uses the JavaScript code to locate and click on banners from the Google ads infrastructure," Check Point Technologies said. "Upon clicking the ads, the malware author receives payment from the website developer, which pays for the illegitimate clicks and traffic," it added. 'Judy' also displays big banner advertisements on the smart device's screen and forces the user to click on the ad. Most of the infected apps have received positive reviews on Google Play store, but some tech savvy users did find the constant ads popping up on the screen to be suspiciously odd and complained about the issue on the review comment section. Google has now removed the bug-infested apps from the Play store. It has also started an internal investigation to bring more stringent measures to control malwares and check if there are apps with similar malwares on Play store. Related Microsoft withheld update that could have slowed WannaCry ransomware infection Zomato hacked! Here's how to reset Zomato password WannaCry ransomware hits Kerala's Wayanad Panchayat office Post Comment IBT TV Close Macron-Trump handshake under scrutiny as pair meet for first time Why advertise with us? Latest News Samsung, Disney launch special 'Pirates of the Caribbean' Galaxy S8 edition in China 56 minutes ago By Rohit KVN Here's how to watch Apple WWDC 2017 live 9 hours ago By Rohit KVN Why advertise with us? most popular Moto X Play finally gets Android 7.1.1 Nougat update Motorola has announced the roll out of Android 7.1.1 Nougat update to its Moto X Play but there is no word on Moto G Play. Do you want to earn $200,000? Find bug in Google's Android OS Google has announced a bounty of $200,000 for researchers and engineers who find a bug in Google's Android OS. Apple iPhone 8 is still months away, but Samsung and LG are already scared of it Launches of new Galaxy S8 and LG G6 variants suggest that Apple's Korean rivals are already scared of the upcoming iPhone 8, which is still months away. Foxconn insider leaks design details of Apple iPhone 8, Siri speaker, AR glasses and redesigned iMacs Foxconn insider has shared some interesting tidbits about forthcoming Apple products via dedicated Apple thread on Reddit. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 gets Android 7.1.2 Nougat via Lineage OS 14.1 ROM [How to Install] Guide to install Android 7.1.2 update on Redmi Note 3 via LineageOS 14.1 ROM. Samsung, Disney launch special 'Pirates of the Caribbean' Galaxy S8 edition in China Samsung and Disney have jointly launched the limited edition 'Pirates of the Caribbean' Galaxy S8 with movie-inspired package in China. Fireball malware affects more than quarter of billion global PCs; India worst affected Fireball manipulates the victims' browsers and turns their default search engines and home-pages into fake search engines and spy and even add more malware into PCs. Should you buy OnePlus 3T or wait for OnePlus 5 launch? OnePlus is expected to launch its flagship OnePlus 5 in the next few weeks and it is going to take on its predecessor OnePlus 3T. Photo Gallery Priyanka Chopra's day out with Nicole Kidman, Kendall Jenner Priyanka Chopra, who has made her Hollywood debut with "Baywatch", was glad to spend a "perfect afternoon" in company of actress Nicole Kidman and supermodel Kendall Jenner. Rana Daggubati's first look from Nene Raju Nene Mantri movie The makers of the film have roped in big star cast for the film to ensure a grand appeal, Rana Daggubati, Kajal Aggarwal, Catherine Tresa, Navadeep and Ashutosh Rana play big stellar roles in the film. Directed by Teja, “Nene Raju Nene Mantri” is produced by Suresh Daggubati, CH Bharath Chowdhary and V Kiran Reddy under Suresh Productions and Blue Planet Entertainments. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google for Jobs going live for some people Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/27 4:31pm PDTMay 27, 2017 19 Plus 1 on G+ 74 Share on Facebook 81 Share on Twitter Total Shares174 Google News Back at Google I/O, a new initiative was announced called 'Google for Jobs.' As you might be able to guess from the name, it is designed to make finding job openings easier and more effective - for both applicants and employers. The feature appears to be going live on Google Search, at least for some users. Currently, searching something like "barista jobs" just returns a list of results from job listing sites. With Google for Jobs, you get a much cleaner interface with more details, plus modifiers like 'Full-time' and 'Starbucks.'    Left: Current layout; Center, Right: New layout This doesn't seem to be live yet for everyone, including myself, but let us know in the comments if you see it. Thanks: Jose Tags Google google for jobs jobs work subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get a 3-pack Arlo Pro security system for $450 ($130 off), if you have Amazon Prime ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Paul_Werner Yeah this went live for me the same day they announced it. I'm still waiting on the new YouTube UI & the YouTube Go Live features though matteventu Are you from the US? Mattwmaster58 I'm from canada and it works for me Paul_Werner Yup Mattwmaster58 Youtube UI you gotta opt in @ https://www.youtube.com/new Izzie I didn't opt in and got the new interface yesterday? Mattwmaster58 I guess they are rolling this out :P Vratislav Jindra How about doing something about that ugly grey status bar, Google? I get it at the search results page which is also grey (a bit lighter), but not when there is a blue action bar right underneath it. Also the shadow under the status bar from KitKat era in the main screen of Google App seems weird. Sometimes I wonder what they pay their designers for, when they can't get this basic sh*t straight. Kristinatskaggs Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dq75c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dq75c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs365DirectRockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dq75c:....,........ Vratislav Jindra Oh for f*ck's sake, stop it. Powsniffer0110 Your problem is youre on KitKat buddy. Try upgrading Vratislav Jindra I'm on Nougat, buddy. Don't tell me that your Google App's main screen doesn't have this ridiculous status bar. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fa83a4890e2557e740128d564e6f804416ed73f61787acbc9deac5bd323268f3.png BehemothPL It's nice to see Chicago metro in the article :) Alejandro Steve? ddevito JOBS JOBS JOBS let's vote for JOBS! Yeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaa you've got karma! alwaysonthemove ITM Grunty I got coffee at that starbucks yesterday. Logan Snyder Weird, the old layout had squiggly looking black rectangles. instinct I listened to a Steve Jobs audio clip right before reading this headline, and it threw me off. makapav Vote up if you immediately went and searched for barista jobs after reading this post. Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,...... Evan Hart I get the job done from ease and comfort of my home, through doing easy jobs that only usually takes from you a Desk top together with on-line connection and Now I am more satisfied than ever before... After half a year on this work and therefore i obtained paid for totally Thirty six Thousand usd... Basically I generate close to 80 bucks/hr and work for 3 to 4 hrs day-after-day.And marvelous factor concerning this task is usually that you can easily supervise your time when you do the job and for how much time as you wish for and you achieve a check week by week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Christopher Phillips I do the job from comfort and ease of my property or home, via easy projects that only takes from you a Desktop and connection to the internet and I am just more successful than ever before... After half a year in this project and i obtained compensated for overall Thirty six Thousand bucks... Basically I generate near 80 bucks/hour and also work for three to four hours time on a regular basis.And spectacular factor regarding this work is the fact you can arrange your time while you get the job done and for just how long as you prefer and you attain a check week by week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Rob The problem is finding actual jobs associated with postings in any platform. A lot of the time, these aren't serious openings. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 117 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 117 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.278s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us New Google Play Music subscribers can get 4 free months +18,484 Andrew Myrick May 28th, 2017 Google Play Music is arguably the most popular music streaming service, competing against the likes of Spotify and even Apple Music. However, every once in awhile, Google will throw new subscribers a bone and will offer some free content for signing up. The latest offer being thrown in is 4 months of GPM for free, when signing up for a brand-new subscription. This means that if you’ve already activated the premium subscription on your current GPM account, then you won’t be eligible. After your four month trial period has expired, you’ll be charged $9.99 per month until you decide to cancel. You can, however, cancel the subscription beforehand and you won’t be charged once the free trial has been completed. As a reminder, with your subscription to Google Play Music, you’ll also receive YouTube Red which offers ad-free videos, the ability to watch videos offline, as well as access to YouTube’s original shows lineup. For $10 per month, it’s a pretty great deal, and it’s made even better considering the fact that you can try it out for four months. Hit the button below if you want to check out and give us a heads up if you decide to do so. Sign up for Google Play Music[Android Police] local_offer    Google   Google Play Music   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (8) stars Further Reading Google shares the best Android highlights from I/O 2017 Google launches Pixel photo art exhibit Be careful buying a Pixel after it was purchased through Project Fi Google will be an affiliate for purchases made through Assistant Google and Samsung in Forbes top 10 stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertPeel’s paper thin cases perfectly compl closePeel’s paper thin cases perfectly complement your Google Pixel [VIDEO] It’s tough finding paper thin cases for the Google Pixel. When you do, they’re usually in black or smoke, but Peel is offering clear and blue colors that perfectly matches your Pixel. We even have a promo code for 20% off. 2 more_vertSamsung releases its Always On Display app closeSamsung releases its Always On Display app onto the Play Store, but you can’t download it Samsung has released its Always On Display for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus onto the Play Store. This will give Samsung more control over updates regarding this specific feature of the devices. 3 more_vertBest Apps of the Month close30+ Best Android Apps [June 2017] A lot of apps are released in the span of one month. It can be near impossible to keep track of them all. In order to help you find only the best apps that have been released in the last month, we have assembled this list. 4 more_vertHow to claim Samsung's BOGO deal for the Galaxy S8 closeHow to redeem Samsung’s BOGO deal for the Galaxy S8 Samsung recently had a BOGO deal on the Galaxy S8 and S8+. If you were one of the lucky few who took part, redeeming that offer is easier said than done. Here are the steps you’ll have to take to make sure you get your rebate. 5 more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (June 2, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 6 more_vertSamsung releases SoundAssistant app for Galaxy S8 closeSoundAssistant aims to improve your audio experience on the Galaxy S8 Samsung has released a new app onto the Play Store called SoundAssistant. This app is designed for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus and gives users more fine-tuned controls over their audio. 7 more_vertZTE Nubia Z17 announced closeThe ZTE Nubia Z17 packs 8GB of RAM and Quick Charge 4+ This new phone from ZTE has just about every high-end feature you could want and more. It might be the most powerful phone on the planet right now. 8 more_vertQuick Charge 4+ announced closeQualcomm announces Quick Charge 4+ with 3 new features Last year, Qualcomm introduced the Snapdragon 835 processor along with Quick Charge 4.0. A few devices have the 835, but none have QC 4.0 yet. That didn’t stop Qualcomm from announcing the next version, Quick Charge 4+. 9 more_vertThe OnePlus 5 camera gets teased on Twitter closeOnePlus continues to hype up the OnePlus 5, this time with a camera sample The OnePlus Twitter account has shared a comparison of two images, posing the question of “Can you tell which photo was taken with the OnePlus 5?” 10 more_vertNew LG G6 variants may launch later this month closeLG has plans to launch the LG G6 Pro and G6 Plus later this month A new report claims that LG is planning to launch the LG G6 Pro and LG G6 Plus in the company’s home country of South Korea. These devices will offer slightly specs than the standard LG G6. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
The Times of Israel Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs Start-Up Israel Partners Atlanta:Atlanta Jewish Times New Jersey:The Jewish Standard New York:The Jewish Week United Kingdom:The Jewish News For Publishers:Become a Times of Israel partner Daily Edition Spotlight s   English العربية Français 中文 فارسی Monday, June 5, 2017 Sivan 11, 5777 8:15 am IDT About Us About the site Contact us Advertise with us Advertise with us Partner Links: Learn Hebrew Judaica Web Store Thrifty Car Rental Make Aliyah Israel Car Rental Help Fight BDS! Start-Up Israel All the news and views from Silicon Wadi Read the Start-Up Daily Follow @timesofisrael Home  > Israel Inside A Wikipedia editor describes one of the worst edit wars in its history Wikipedia vs. Banc De Binary: A 3-year battle against binary options ‘fake news’ Binary options fraudsters employ experts to outwit Google, create laudatory news sites, engage on social media — anything to encourage new victims and keep the truth from coming out. One key battlefield: The online encyclopedia By Simona Weinglass May 29, 2017, 6:20 am Tweet Email Print Share Writers Simona Weinglass Simona Weinglass is an investigative reporter at The Times of Israel. Follow or contact: RSS Newsroom Email the Newsroom Facebook Twitter Related Topics binary options binary options fraud Banc de Binary Related Stories NASA spacecraft will aim straight for the sun next year Yachimovich petitions court to annul labor union election result Israeli plane diverts to Slovakia over oxygen problem Two workers injured in Golan Heights oil drilling explosion Fruit-pinching out as new app tests for freshness New 3-lane section to open on Tel Aviv-Jerusalem highway Israeli solar panel ‘tree’ is planted in central France Minister: PM’s handling of the communications portfolio ‘unfriendly’ Knesset okays Israel’s i24News to broadcast locally If you’re the strategist behind a multibillion dollar scam that rips off hundreds of thousands of people worldwide, one of the key challenges you face is managing your online reputation. How do you prevent defrauded clients from warning others about their appalling experiences? This is the quandary faced by fraudsters in the binary options industry, which operates on the assumption that at some point potential clients will do a search for “Is binary options a good investment?” or “Is XYZ Binary Options Brand a reputable company?” To prevent the truth from getting out, the fraudulent firms need to comprehensively control what potential investor-victims see online. The Times of Israel, in a series of articles, has exposed the largely fraudulent Israel-based industry that has been stealing billions of dollars from hundreds of thousands of victims worldwide for the past decade. Duplicitous binary options companies ostensibly offer customers a potentially profitable short-term investment, but in reality — through rigged trading platforms, refusal to pay out and other ruses — these companies fleece the vast majority of customers of most or all of their money. (The industry has been denounced by Israel’s securities regulator and by the Prime Minister’s Office, and a government-drafted, opposition-backed bill to ban it was sent in February to the Knesset, where it currently languishes.) A screenshot of the February 2017 Signpost article detailing Wikipedia editors’ battle with Banc de Binary. For a normal business or industry it would be difficult to keep secret a track record of vast global theft. But the binary options industry is unrelenting in its ambition to control the flow of information about itself. Several months ago, an article appeared on Signpost, the internal publication of Wikipedia editors, showing the extreme lengths the boosters of just one binary options firm went to in order to bury information about the company’s troubles with regulators. Entitled “Wolves nip at Wikipedia’s heels: A perspective on the cost of paid editing,” the article describes the exhausting battle waged by volunteer Wikipedia editors against apparent flacks for Banc De Binary, an Israeli binary options firm which, until it closed its doors several months ago, was considered a flagship of this industry. An encyclopedia that assumes goodwill In its aims and founding philosophy, Wikipedia is the antithesis of the fraudulent binary options industry mindset. Founded in 2001 by Jimmy Wales, the online encyclopedia grew out of the American open-source software movement, which rests on the assumption that people will collaborate on a project without being paid to do so, out of an altruistic desire to produce something of value that benefits all. Anyone can edit Wikipedia, and much of its success relies on strangers around the world upholding the community’s trust. Due in large part to this optimistic view of human nature holding true, Wikipedia has been a success to the point where it is now the fifth-most visited website in the world. But this success has attracted many actors who seek not to enhance human understanding but to promote themselves, sometimes for illegitimate ends. Wikipedia logo For instance, in a much-publicized 2013 incident, accounts allegedly belonging to employees of a company called Wiki-PR, which wrote Wikipedia articles and edited pages on behalf of large corporate clients, were blocked and removed from the site. “It looks like a number of user accounts — perhaps as many as several hundred — may have been paid to write articles on Wikipedia promoting organizations or products, and have been violating numerous site policies and guidelines, including prohibitions against sockpuppetry and undisclosed conflicts of interest,” Wikimedia Foundation director Sue Gardner said in a statement on October 21, 2013. But as the recent Signpost article makes clear, the problem of paid editing has not gone away. And some of the worst violators are retail forex and binary options companies, Smallbones, the author of the Signpost article and an editor at Wikipedia for the past 11 years, told The Times of Israel in a telephone interview. (The Times of Israel knows the identity of Smallbones, a retired professor of finance living in the United States, but he requested that his real name not be used here in an effort to minimize the harassment, both online and off, that he has experienced as a result of writing about the issue of paid editing.) “We very commonly get people trying to insert advertisements into articles,” the Wikipedia editor said. “But this Banc De Binary article is by far the worst case I have ever seen.” A screenshot from a 2013 promotional video for Banc de Binary, since removed from the internet (Youtube) Banc de Binary’s website first appeared online in about 2010. In the same year, a man by the name of Oren Shabat registered the Israeli firm E.T. Binary Options Ltd., an Israeli company that operated a call center and managed Banc de Binary. The company, which later changed its name to E.T.B.O. Services, is owned by Oren, his father Hezi and his brother Lior Shabat, according to Israel’s corporate registry. A smaller portion of the company’s shares are held in trust for Yossi Almaliach, Ronen Tubul, Ohad Tzori and Yoram Menachem. Banc De Binary’s Wikipedia article was posted in 2012. At the time, the company billed itself as a group of “private options bankers” and claimed to be located at 40 Wall Street in New York City. (The company reportedly had a “virtual office” there. This address, known as the Trump Building, has been used by other binary options-associated firms like the SEC-sanctioned EZTrader and the e-wallet service Neteller). By 2013, the article had been deleted twice by Wikipedia administrators “for being purely promotional and thus violating Wikipedia’s policy against advertisements,” Smallbones said, but the article kept reappearing and would become a focus of frenzied editing. Wikipedia editors also conducted an investigation that led to the banning of the article’s original creators as “sockpuppets,” an internet term for users who assume multiple identities for purposes of deception. Initially, Banc De Binary claimed to have an office at 40 Wall Street (Youtube screenshot) In addition, a biography of Banc de Binary’s founder Oren Shabat (who has adopted the name of Oren Laurent) was deleted by other editors three times in 2013 due to perceived promotional content or because the article’s subject was considered “not notable.” Smallbones explained that it is common practice for editors to propose deleting Wikipedia articles that seem to have been created for purposes of self-promotion or advertising and that lack objective information from a reliable news source. “The terms of use for Wikipedia and for almost all the websites run by Wikipedia’s parent, the nonprofit Wikimedia Foundation, contain a simple provision regarding paid editing,” he said. “All paid editors must declare that they are paid and who is paying them, thus allowing volunteers to monitor and change any paid edits. Undeclared paid editors are not allowed to contribute to any of these sites. Advertising, marketing, and public relations text is prohibited by Wikipedia policy.” In addition, editors with a conflict of interest (for instance, individuals editing their own Wikipedia pages) are strongly discouraged from working on those articles where they cannot be objective. However, they are permitted to make suggestions on the talk page. The Banc de Binary Tower in Ramat Gan in 2014 (CC BY-SA BDBJack, Wikipedia) According to Smallbones, the flurry of activity surrounding the Banc De Binary article began when the US government filed civil charges against the company in June 2013, accusing it of illegally offering US investors binary options without being registered. John Berry, a senior lawyer for the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, said in a May 2016 interview with BBC radio that not only had Banc De Binary sold ostensible financial products to investors without being licensed to do so, but it had deceived those investors as well: “We presented evidence to the court that Banc De Binary was telling US-based investors that Banc De Binary was actually based on Wall Street, and we had evidence of online chat discussions where a Banc De Binary broker would tell a US investor, ‘Hey, I live, you know, right down the street from Wall Street, I’ve got a Wall Street address, I work there,’ and so they had repeatedly lied to US-based customers about being in the United States and being based in the United States with a US address on Wall Street and a New York-based phone number.” In March 2016, the company was ordered by a US court to pay over $11 million in restitution and penalties for illegally soliciting US customers. Regulators in Australia, New Zealand and Canada have issued warnings against Banc De Binary for illegal activity. Another brand that appears to be associated with Banc De Binary, Option.fm, has been blacklisted by financial regulators in Ontario, Hong Kong, Australia and New Zealand. Banc De Binary was also fined €350,000 ($370,500) by CySEC (the Cyprus Securities and Exchange Commission) in January 2016. Two days after the US claim against Banc De Binary in 2013, the information about it went up on Banc De Binary’s Wikipedia page. Over the next 11 months, over 500 edits would be made to the article, an unusually high number. According to the Signpost article, over 20 separate sockpuppets were banned from Wikipedia after editing this article. Smallbones said that the “edit wars” surrounding the Banc De Binary article mainly involved certain editors removing information about the CFTC claim or moving it to the bottom of the article, while other editors would move the information back to the top. The first two sentences of any Wikipedia article are of paramount importance because they appear prominently in what is known as a “knowledge box” on the right-hand side of a Google search results page. A screenshot of the Banc De Binary Wikipedia page as it appeared on May 23, 2017 As of this writing, the box reads “Banc De Binary was an Israeli financial firm with a history of regulatory issues on three continents. On January 9, 2017, the company announced that it would be closing because of negative press coverage and its tarnished reputation.” But Smallbones says a long and exhausting battle was waged over several years to get the page to its present state. “If you’re getting sued by the SEC and CFTC you can’t leave that out, and that’s the only thing the suspected sockpuppets wanted to do once those lawsuits came in. The main thing they were trying to do was take the information out or put it down at the bottom of the article where no one would read it. Our editors on Wikipedia said ‘no, this is very important.’ Smallbones recalled an argument with a suspected sockpuppet who made the claim that the information should be removed because the CFTC is not a reliable source whereas Finance Magnates — a trade publication for the binary options and forex industries — is. “An IP editor (traceable to Israel), claiming to be BDB CEO Oren Shabat Laurent, made five identical edits in the same day, all of which were reverted, to include highlights of Laurent’s biography, and lists of products and countries served. He also reduced the coverage of the regulators’ lawsuits and buried it at the bottom of the article,” Smallbones detailed in the Signpost article. Oren Shabat Laurent (center) and his wife Sivan Laurent sponsor Israel’s 2020 Olympic hopefuls (Courtesy Olympic Committee of Israel) Smallbones recalled that the back-and-forth disputes around the article were exhausting. “There were discussions on the Wikipedia discussion pages with 30 different people writing all at once, all on the same topic. It was totally impossible to figure out what everybody wanted. There were some people who would identify themselves as Banc De Binary and others who didn’t identify themselves but were obviously very biased in favor of Banc De Binary.” Smallbones said it is hard for volunteer editors to compete with paid promoters. “It’s extremely frustrating when people who are obviously paid are trying to distort information and we’re almost all volunteers. When someone can put five people on an article it’s very difficult for us to stop them — at least in the short term.” A five-figure fee for Wikipedia ‘crisis management’ In June 2014, a Wikipedia editor mentioned on a talk page that he had witnessed a new record in how much money someone had been offered to do “crisis management” for a Wikipedia page. The editor described “a recent contract to edit a single Wikipedia article, where the winning editor won the contract after charging something in the five digit range.” The Wikipedia page in question was the Banc De Binary page and the five-figure sum was offered on a freelancer site to anyone who could rewrite the article in a way that removed the negative coverage, Smallbones told The Times of Israel. “Banc De Binary is hilarious,” another editor wrote in response to the first editor’s revelation. The Banc De Binary Wikipedia page “was written by a paid editor (since banned) as a whitewash, and then Wikipedia editors got hold of it and converted it to a truthful article about what is clearly a very dodgy company. At that point, socks en masse descended to try to ‘fix’ it for the company, and when that didn’t work, more adverts to delete or revert the content appeared.” Banc De Binary logo But Smallbones said the reality wasn’t funny at all. First of all, he estimated that about 300 people visited the article’s different language versions per day, and he wonders how many of those, seeing positive statements, went on to trade with the company and lost money. Second, he wonders how many hours of unpaid labor Wikipedia editors spent on “cleaning up” the article. “Their paid editors probably put in well over 100 hours on the article. And we had to put in as much time as they did, even more, because if we want to correct something, often we correct it two or three different times because there are a few editors with different points of view.” “I’ll see something I don’t like and I will correct it and someone will correct me and someone will say that’s not quite right and correct them and then Banc De Binary will come along and put in something else. It’s very labor intensive.” On May 17, The Times of Israel reached out to Banc De Binary’s founder Oren Shabat Laurent for a response to the allegations in this article but did not hear back from him. Binary options, forex and paid editing Banc De Binary is not alone. Smallbones said that paid editing on Wikipedia is rampant in the binary options and retail forex industries. Many Wikipedia articles for such websites get deleted soon after they are put up, he said, because Wikipedia administrators strongly suspect they are created by paid editors for advertising purposes. In a post from September 2016, a Wikipedia editor recommended several binary options and forex company pages for deletion (only an administrator, a Wikipedia editor with special privileges, can perform the actual deletion), because the editor believed the entries had been created by sockpuppets or suspected paid editors. These included entries for binary and forex firms Spotware Systems Ltd., XM.com, AnyOption, IQ Option, and JustForex. “All the articles named above have been badly polluted by promotional editors and need a checkup,” the editor wrote. “One thing I noticed across the multiple articles is a heavy tendency to cite how well regulated the various companies and exchanges are.” All the entries mentioned above were subsequently deleted. Polluted content that can hurt your pocketbook Wikipedia is just one of many forums where some binary options and forex companies go to great lengths to create “fake news.” Fraudulent binary options firms also employ an army of SEO (search engine optimization) specialists, who ensure that the warnings of government regulators or negative press are buried far down in Google search results. (Last year, after The Times of Israel published several articles describing the widespread fraudulent in the binary options industry, one employee wrote to us complaining that “you are ruining the keyword ‘binary options.’”) But beyond that, some in the industry create fake news sites with an ostensibly large readership, featuring ostensible news reports that appear in Google News about the purported advantages of binary options trading. Slide from a lecture by Google to the binary options and forex industry at the IFX Expo, May 2016 (Hunter Stuart/Times of Israel) The industry also spends a fortune advertising on Google, Twitter and Facebook. Some firms pay for sponsored content on mainstream news sites, hire expensive lobbyists and PR firms, cozy up to politicians and donate money to charities. Some companies have managed to get their own executives to appear as talking heads on mainstream television financial programs. Some binary options companies have been known to make threats combined with offers (known as throffers) to individuals who post negative information about them, offering to refund part of their investment money if they take down their negative review, or if not, suggesting menacingly that “we know where you live.” Still other companies simply disappear from the internet as soon as the number of complaints mounts, only to pop up again under a different name and website. A Russian connection? If some of these efforts sound reminiscent of the recent outbreak of fraudulent and polluted content stemming from Russia, among other actors, this may be because the binary options industry has a significant Russian component. Beyond the Israeli call centers and marketers who commit binary options fraud, many of the investors or ultimate beneficiary owners of binary options companies are Russian. Several of the banks where investors’ money goes after their credit cards are processed are Russian-owned, including but not limited to the Russian Commercial Bank in Cyprus, Sberbank, and VTB Bank in Georgia. Several Russian-owned forex companies, like Forex Club and Master Forex, have partnered with the Israeli platform provider SpotOption to create their own binary options brands, such as option4trade and mfxoptions. We are kicking off the @iFXEXPO now. We have plenty of cool stuff on our stand. Come by pic.twitter.com/vN8hwur3h1 — Webzilla (@webzilla_com) May 27, 2015 A number of Russian-linked binary options firms, like option4trade and IQ Option, are hosted by the Russian-owned web hosting company Webzilla. Webzilla, whose owner Alexey Gubarev recently sued Buzzfeed for publishing his name in the unverified Trump dossier, has made no secret that forex companies are among its major clients. A number of these clients have been placed on government regulator warning lists. IQ Option has been placed on an investor warning blacklist by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Forex Club was the subject of a regulator warning from Belgium’s Financial Services and Markets Authority (FSMA) in 2015. ‘In the end, we will prevail’ As for Smallbones himself, he is a retired professor of finance and a former foreign currencies trader on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange who lived and taught in Russia and Hungary during the 1990s and 2000s.The retail forex industry, as well as its many fraudulent players, first came to his attention then. ““I remember being in a little town in the Urals where all the factories had been closed. Posters were advertising forex trading with a $5 minimum deposit. The poor people who answered those ads had no chance of making any money,” Smallbones said, “but were likely going to be suckered into losing hundreds that they couldn’t afford. “There were similar scams in Moscow in the 1990s, only with more money involved.” As for how the binary options scam started, Smallbones waxed philosophical. “Securities scams go back forever. The original Ponzi scheme was in the 1920s and it involved international postal coupons. Then in the 1960s people were scamming with warehouse receipts for salad oil. Anything that can be changed into money, there is a scam associated with it. People just look at forex and see all the tools needed are there to create a scam.” Smallbones is drawn to edit Wikipedia articles about financial fraud because the topic interests him. But he regrets that it took at least three years to get the Banc De Binary article to a place where he feels it is accurate and fair. If that’s how much work was required to correct one small instance of fake news, Smallbones was asked, how can companies like Google or Facebook, which rely heavily on algorithms as opposed to humans, keep the fraudsters at bay? Smallbones replied, “Yes, well, most Wikipedia editors would probably agree that they can’t.” He was more optimistic about the ability of Wikipedia to root out lies and paid spin. The scammers “can make trouble and make us work a long time,” he said, “but in the long run, and this was a very long run, we’re going to prevail.” Like us on Facebook Get our newsletter Follow us on Twitter Banc De Binary CEO Oren Laurent in an interview posted on YouTube in August 2016 (YouTube screenshot) The Times of Israel Current top stories Arab states cut ties to Qatar as rift over media hack deepens   ‘Bloodshed will end,’ Trump vows after London attack   Amid chaos of London bloodbath, some emerged as lifesaving heroes   Israel and Senegal mend fences after UN resolution spat   Putin: Kushner back channel, Trump-Kremlin ties reports ‘nonsense’   Tweet Read more on:  binary options,  binary options fraud,  Banc de Binary,  Wikipedia,  fake news,  binary options victims,  forex fraud,  Russia,  Search Engine Optimization,  paid editing,  Oren Laurent,  Editor's picks More in Israel Inside Supreme Court rules Haifa ammonia tank must close Comments on this article Report inappropriate comments Back to Top The Times of Israel Home Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs The Jewish Planet Start-Up Israel Daily Edition Spotlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2017 The Times of Israel, All rights reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 29 May 2017 | MYT 10:00 AM Google not giving up on virtual reality, despite disappointing sales Google has announced it is investing even more in VR, despite disappointing sales for a technology that was tipped to be as revolutionary as the smartphone. — dpa There's been a lot of hype about virtual reality (VR) headsets for years, but now that they’ve actually hit the shops, it's become apparent that besides hardcore gamers, most people aren’t interested in investing upwards of a thousand dollars on these new virtual worlds.  The Facebook-owned Oculus Rift, the HTC Vive, the Sony Playstation VR, the Samsung Gear VR and the Google Daydream have hit the market – but sales have been disappointing for a technology that was tipped to be as revolutionary as the smartphone.  An Oculus Rift bundle costs close to US$600 (RM2,560) and a HTC Vive with controllers around €900 (RM4,290), while for top-end systems there's the prerequisite of a powerful PC, which is likely to cost significantly more than €1,000 (RM4,767).  Some VR headsets can do without a high-end PC and just need a smartphone to be connected to the device, for example the Samsung Gear VR or Google's Daydream.  While these are cheaper and more mobile, they lack the image quality and precision of the more expensive VR systems with room sensors.  But Google has announced it is investing even more in VR. At its latest developers conference, the tech giant revealed a standalone VR device that doesn't require a computer or a smartphone to function and that will cost around the same as an Oculus Rift or HTC Vive.  In terms of resolution and tracking accuracy the Google device, which will be manufactured by HTC and Lenovo, won’t reach the level of the larger VR headsets but it’ll be quicker to set up as the movement sensors that track the user will be built into the device.  Clay Bavor, vice president of VR at Google, conceded that VR has so far failed to meet sales expectations. "This is the case with many new technologies. But it's going up again," he says.  Meanwhile Google is also focussing augmented reality, in which visuals from the real world is combined with virtual content.  Google demonstrated is plans with an application allowing users to look inside an ancient Egyptian sarcophagus from the Detroit Museum of Arts. Visitors can not only see the coffin's mummy on their tablet but also that the pharaoh is missing a toe.  Google hopes that in future all schools will have access to such technology. "It will take some time for this concept to become a reality, but it's no longer science fiction," Bavor said. — dpa Related Stories You May Be Interested Why parents’ tech obsession may mean kids misbehave The need to educate investors on ponzi and pyramid scheme Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read Barred from boarding Fed Cup squabble overshadows home fans' joy U.S. Secretary of State Tillerson says China needs to step on North Korea advertisement Latest News Apple to software developers: We have new hardware for your apps European telecoms firms pin hopes on Esports video game gladiators China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology Most Viewed in Tech Bentley on Demand is like Uber for the uber rich Here’s how to know if someone’s blocked you on WhatsApp Toyota-supported flying car hopes to light the Tokyo 2020 Olympic flame Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish Google’s Chrome browser to start blocking annoying ads next year China agrees to delay electric car quota by a year Microsoft’s weapon in high-stakes cloud-computing battle with Amazon? Freebies Bansen Labs adapter allows gamers with disabilities to connect with technology European telecoms firms pin hopes on Esports video game gladiators Injustice 2: Doing justice to DC Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Phones » Google says Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 are not available for Android 7.1.2 Nougat update Google says Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 are not available for Android 7.1.2 Nougat update By Christopher McCandles / May 28, 2017 / Phones, Software and Apps No Comments on Google says Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 are not available for Android 7.1.2 Nougat update 181 For various PC problems, we recommend to use this tool. This tool will repair most computer errors, protect you from file loss, malware, hardware failure and optimize your PC for maximum performance. Quickly fix PC issues and prevent others from happening with this software: Download ReimagePlus (100% safe download and endorsed by us). Click “Start Scan” to find Windows issues that could be causing PC problems. Click “Repair All” to fix all issues. Google has announced the compatible devices available for the new Android 7.1.2 Nougat update and it seems like the Motorola’s Nexus 6 and HTC’s Nexus 9 tablet are not on the list. Android 7.1.4 Android Update is soon to be released in the upcoming months. The eligible devices which rolled in the Android Beta Program are : Pixel and Pixel XL, Nexus 5X, Nexus Player and Pixel C. Google stated that they are also preparing an upgrade for Nexus 6P and is expected to be launched soon enough. For all of you Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 fans out there, the news of Android 7.1.2 Nougat upgrade being unavailable for your devices, will come as an unexpected surprise. We just hope that Google reconsiders its decision. Well, Google has not specifically stated that Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 won’t be updated, we simply come to a conclusion based on the list of the devices eligible for the Android 7.1.2 Nougat, where these two have not been mentioned. Unfortunately, a Google employee has confirmed our conclusion. The only good thing is that Google might continue to bring in essential security patches for Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 for one single year. This will come as a consolation for most users who use one of this products. Available Devices For Android 7.1.2 Nougat Update If you device does find itself among the ones eligible for this update, you should be patient because it will be delivered in a couple of days. Google has recently announced that the Beta program will also include the Nexus 6P model. This program is supposed to be released soon. If you are not enrolled in the Beta program you need to register as soon as possible before it is too late, because only then you will receive the beta update over-the-air. Related Tagged as: Android Nougat 7.1.2, Google Nexus 6, Google Nexus 9 Recommended stories you may like: The Disappointing Release Of MacBook Pro PlayStation 4 4.70 Software Update Available with New Changes Android O and What is it Going to Feature New Nokia 9 with QWERTY Keypad Differences between the OnePlus5 and Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8 software update fixes Bluetooth complications Google Nexus 6P: Amazing phone but difficult to find Software update for Google Nexus 6P Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom Arrives in North America for Only $329 Android 8.0 Beta to Arrive Sooner than Expected According to Google Google Nexus 6P – Why Does it Stand out from the Rest? Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Revival is Inevitable Nexus 6P Problems and Fixes with its Latest Android Update Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 Phones Denied Security Fixes Nexus 5X and Nexus 6 Critical Security risks patched by Google Nexus 5 Still a Reliable Device Option Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. The Disappointing Release Of MacBook ProMay 31, 2017 PlayStation 4 4.70 Software Update Available with New ChangesMay 31, 2017 15inch MacBook Pro Shipping DateMay 30, 2017 Discovered Bug Damaging Google Chrome Without Your AcknowledgementMay 30, 2017 Meet The Apple’s Mac Pro From The FutureMay 30, 2017 Android O and What is it Going to FeatureMay 30, 2017 iPad Pro vs. iPad Air 2 – Storage Capacity and Improvements BattleMay 30, 2017 New Nokia 9 with QWERTY KeypadMay 29, 2017 Choosing Between MacBook Pro and Surface Pro 5May 29, 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 Comes With An Incredible KeyboardMay 28, 2017 Differences between the OnePlus5 and Samsung Galaxy S8May 27, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 software update fixes Bluetooth complicationsMay 27, 2017 Google Nexus 6P: Amazing phone but difficult to findMay 26, 2017 Software update for Google Nexus 6PMay 26, 2017 Google’s Nexus 6 Review And Update ReleaseMay 25, 2017 © GigJets 2016
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google's AlphaGo retires after beating Chinese Go champion AlphaGo's developers are moving on to solve pressing societal issues through the technology it used to build the robo-champion. By Tas Bindi | May 29, 2017 -- 01:06 GMT (18:06 PDT) | Topic: Innovation After winning a three-game match against Chinese grandmaster Ke Jie in what is revered as the world's most demanding strategy game, Google's gaming AI AlphaGo is retiring. With nothing left to prove, AlphaGo's developers from Google-owned artificial intelligence lab DeepMind will now focus on creating advanced general algorithms that could help scientists uncover cures for diseases, reduce energy consumption, and invent new materials. Latest news on Asia Singapore to collaborate with Australia on cybersecurity ​Turnbull gives Singaporeans separate visa to boost business ​LG Pay launches in South Korea Motorola unveils Moto Z2 Play, new Moto Mods Japan launches rocket for homegrown GPS "We plan to bring that same excitement and insight to a range of new fields, and try to address some of the most important and urgent scientific challenges of our time. We hope that the story of AlphaGo is just the beginning," wrote Demis Hassabis, co-founder and CEO of DeepMind, and David Silver, research scientist at DeepMind, in a blog post. The developers behind AlphaGo still plan on publishing an academic paper later this year detailing what building the AI has taught them, and is also working on tool to teach humans to become better Go players. Last March in Seoul, AlphaGo became the first machine to beat a top player at the 3,000-year-old game of Go when it defeated Korean grandmaster Lee Sedol. AlphaGo has since learned to master the game by being "its own teacher", playing millions of high level training games against itself to continually improve, according to DeepMind. The progression of AlphaGo has shown how AI can not only replace human skills, but also advance them, DeepMind has said. Professional Go players including Shi Yue and Zhou Ruiyang admitted they changed the way they play after watching AlphaGo. Jie, who lost to the AI, opened the first game last week in China with an unusual strategy called the "3-3 point invasion" that AlphaGo used multiple times during the 60 matches it won in January under the moniker Magister. "Thanks to AlphaGo's creative and intriguing revelations, players of all levels have been inspired to test out new moves and strategies of their own, often re-evaluating centuries of inherited knowledge in the process," DeepMind software engineer Lucas Baker, and professional Go player Fan Hui wrote in a blog post. DeepMind has made 10 games that AlphaGo played against itself while it was training available to watch online, with a further 40 to be uploaded soon. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Artificial Intelligence ​Apple's WWDC to-do list needs to include a dose of AI Internet of Things Internet of summer things for geeks Apple WWDC 2017: Siri will make or break Apple Innovation Qlik plots course to big data, cloud and 'AI' innovation × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 176 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares292 Deals Google News The movie-related deals continue! Google must be paying attention to the forecasts for this weekend in anticipation of ruined family outings. There is a list up on Google Play of 100 different movies, and renting any one of them is just $1 right now with the new promo. If you haven't seen Logan, Arrival, or Get Out, now you can give it a watch on the cheap. And if the kids are starting to go crazy being trapped indoors at grandma's, you can quickly toss up Moana, Finding Dory, or The Incredibles and save yourself for an hour or two. The offer ends on July 7th, and you may have to follow specific steps to redeem it. There are a few caveats. For one, you only get one rental at this price, and two, the deal might not appear for everyone. Your deal might also be be different, some are seeing $1.50. Redeeming the offer might also be a bit awkward, as it seems to be tied to a user-specific coupon code. To use it you need to go to the Google Play Movies page and see if you have the ad visible below. Clicking the ad opens a prompt to redeem the offer. Google says that this offer is only open to specific users based on their purchase history, so YMMV. If everything goes smoothly, you'll have your $1 rental in no time. The full terms and conditions for the deal are available below. $0.99 for any movie rental Get any one movie rental of your choice for $0.99. Choose any title from the newest releases to classics including the selection below! Discount will be added to "Account => Rewards" and applied at checkout. Watch anywhere including offline on your mobile laptop tablet and supported Android devices. Redeem your offer by July 7 2017 on Google Play from compatible Internet connected devices using a Google account. Limit 1 per user. Nontransferable. No cash value. Cannot be used in conjunction with other offers or discounts except Google Play Gift Cards. This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history. Age restrictions apply. See Content Promotion Terms and Google Play Terms & Conditions. Source: Google Play Tags deal alert Google Movie rental one dollar subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ryan Cavitt For me it is $1.49 movie rental. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/775f0f71aed9f34ac07ff6ad601181ea5b3f6032e83ebbb77a61864b8a5699a6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/935239b72cb3597bcaca6892f03e0617be1222001a269d0294c90fb5bd16804c.png bekifft Same for me. Not sure what they're welcoming me back from. It wasn't all that long ago I rented Arrival from them. Ryne Hager I was curious what the differences by account might be. I'll update the post to include that. Hurricane Andrew Same here, I got the $1.49 deal yesterday. nagi Does not seem to be active in Hungary. Probably US-only. Arnaldo Rodriguez For me its $0.99 but when I get to the checkout, its $4.99 again s_bomb Same for me, no discount being applied Mathew Michel I'm guessing we aren't eligible since we use the discounts regularly: "This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history." s_bomb I had to click the banner advertising the deal and "accept" the deal, after that it is being applied. Gilberto Just as @s_bomb:disqus said, I had to click the banner first, and the price is $1.49 -_- Christopher Phillips I work from ease of my house, via doing very simple activities that solely require from you a Laptop or desktop pc together with internet connection and I am more happy than ever before... After six months time in this job opportunity and also i acquired professionally paid in sum Thirty six Thousand bucks... Generally I get roughly 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours time day by day.And stunning factor with this work is the fact that you can easily organize time when you do the job and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check weekly.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,.... me me I see the $0.99, I pick a film, I see rent/buy SD/HD, click on SD rent and it shows $4.99, right upto the point of debitting my credit card. That appears to me to be actually $4.99, not $0.99 ? Ryne Hager Yup, you have to actually redeem their coupon code via an advertisement you'll see on the main page for Google Play Movies, as noted in the article. me me Well that appears not true / applicable. I see $0.99, and then I click on it and it gets right up to the point of about to debit card and its $4.99. So its clickbait to fool me into paying $4.99. Nope. Ryne Hager Unfortunately, if you don't redeem the code via the advertisement on the Play landing page, you won't get the discount. me me Ahh. So YOUR LINK is bad. What i did: Ignore your link. Go to play.google.com Movies then the $0.99 is shown, click on that, then the film, then at checkout its $0.99 shown. Thanks for bringing to our attention, figured out valid method eventually. Ryne Hager Fortunately exactly those instructions were included in the article. Glad you were able to get it to work! iboalali It's a shame that I will never rent or buy any movie or TV show from the play store, because I can't get anything in English (I live in Germany). Except if I want to watch something in German. I rather buy/rent from the Microsoft store, they offer everything in German and English for me. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Wait, where is me me so they can complain that it's still too expensive? Keith Taylor Since I have 5 different accounts I just used on of my secondary ones. blazingwolf I'm getting an offer for 2 episodes of a TV show for $.99. I would rather have the movie but I guess this is better than nothing. ROB Same here... can't imagine a show I would want to pay to see lomsha Shows on 1 account but not the other lol. dullknives same. primary accnt - nothing. secondary accnt - offer is there. pfmiller It says an offer to welcome you back, so it's probably for accounts that haven't used Google Movies recently. roebling "La La Land", the big winner of the last Academy Awards, is on the $0.99 list OtisFeelgood Offer showed up as $1.49 for me. Marty Damn! I was really hyped about this. Sadly the only movies I would have been interested in suck. Logan, The Great Wall and Split all suck. 30014 Logan and Split were awesome, not interested in The Great Wall. Justin Osborne Ah, I reported this about a month ago, it's been going on for some time now. 😛 Marty Tried to rent Passengers and was charged $5.99. Got a refund. iKon Guys, just download Shoebox. Any movie for free. Y'all don't need these offers Good_Ole_Pinocchio Yeaa... Not everybody wants to pirate AC I don't really care about not being eligible for the discount, but it's REALLY tacky of Google to splash the offer screen up for everyone and then sweep the rug under unsuspecting users that didn't receive the promo. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.533s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 239 Plus 1 on G+ 1179 Share on Facebook 437 Share on Twitter Total Shares1418 Applications News Earlier today, Netflix started showing up as 'incompatible' on the Play Store for rooted and unlocked Android devices. However, the app itself continued to work fine, leading some (including myself) to think it could have been an accident. However, Netflix has now confirmed to us that blocking modified devices from downloading the app was intentional. This is the full statement: With our latest 5.0 release, we now fully rely on the Widevine DRM provided by Google; therefore, many devices that are not Google-certified or have been altered will no longer work with our latest app and those users will no longer see the Netflix app in the Play Store. If you're not familiar with it, Widevine is a Google-made DRM technology that works across various desktop and mobile platforms. Widevine categorizes devices into three security levels, ranging from all processes running in the Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) to not running anything in TEE at all. However, the Play Store listing seems tied to a device's SafetyNet status (which is used by Android Pay), rather than the Widevine TEE. For example, Artem's bootloader-unlocked stock Pixel is still on Widevine Level 1, the most secure level, but fails SafetyNet because it is unlocked. The update's changelog also confirms that: "Version 5.0 only works with devices that are certified by Google and meet all Android requirements." What isn't exactly clear is why only the Play Store listing is blocked, but the app itself continued to function normally. I tried both Netflix 4.16 and 5.0.4 (the latest version, from today), and both worked without problems on my unlocked and rooted Galaxy Tab S (which is labeled as Widevine Security Level 3). Maybe at some point the app will stop working, but that does not appear to be the case right now. If you have a blocked device, I recommend following the Pushbullet channel for Netflix on APKMirror (click the Pushbullet button on that page) so you can continue to receive updates outside the Play Store. Tags block DRM netflix widevine subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Benson-approved 9ft USB-C AmazonBasics cables are $7.99 (20% off), 6ft 15% off ... Next Story LG has pulled the T-Mobile G6 'Buy one, get one' promotion Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Sergio Carmona But why???? First the vpn's now this... why oh why??? Jimk4003 Surely because licensing is regionally specific, and because rooting has the potential to defeat DRM. I get that it might be annoying for some people, but aren't the reasons obvious? David Juarez But root?? Lol Semianonymous Probably an effort to reduce Region spoofing? Idk how easy that is to do on a stock device. Jimk4003 Because rooting has the potential to defeat DRM. mjh49783ab DRM doesn't work. All DRM does is inconvenience the end user. Jimk4003 Possibly. But Netflix have to negotiate licencing deals with the movie studios, and having DRM helps reassure the studios that the movies they have spent millions of dollars making aren't going to get stolen off Netflix without any attempt to stop it. mjh49783ab One could make the argument that rooting the phone may compromise the DRM. But blocking users from unlocking their phones to switch carriers? That is total bullshit, and is just the sort of thing that encourages users to pirate the content. Jimk4003 Netflix are blocking you from switching carriers? lomsha Sim unlocked phones are fine, unlocked bootloaders are blocked. mjh49783ab They didn't exactly make that clear in the article when I last read it. h4rr4r The studios need to reconsider blu rays then. Way easier to rip. Nothing they do will stop piracy. This kind of thing actually encourages it. Jimk4003 Maybe studios do need to consider Blu-ray's. That isn't Netflix's problem though. h4rr4r No Netflix problem is making sure they don't let the studios reduce the value of their product. If Amazon video works on my devices and Netflix does not that is a big deal to me. In that case I might as well sign up for more addon channels on Amazon with the mkney that currently goes to Netflix. Jimk4003 Agreed. But the studios are responsible for making the product they redistribute. It's certainly a balancing act, and I can see both sides of the argument, but Netflix isn't an inalienable right, and those who don't meet the T&C's are going to miss out. h4rr4r Sure, but the studios and Netflix are going to create pirates with these kind of actions. People aren't going to miss out. They will just pirate what they can't get legally. Jimk4003 Sure, but again, it's a tiny fraction of users. If Netflix can negotiate better terms with studios by blocking rooted devices, and thus improve their business overall at the expense of a few fringe users, it stands to reason that is what Netflix will do. Doby Gillis whaa fucking whaa. Sergio Carmona The only obvious thing here is your sarcasm detector not working properly. Go have it fixed please. Jimk4003 Nah, I'm good. h4rr4r So the reason are to make the product worse for the consumer. Great idea, now piracy looks better and better. Jimk4003 What percentage of phones are rooted though? Most people won't care, or even notice the change. h4rr4r It does not matter, if it drives even one person to piracy that is a loss. Jimk4003 But if they can ensure better licensing deals via these new terms, which will attract more customers at the expense of a few rooted users who make up a tiny fraction of overall users; will Netflix care about that loss? h4rr4r But if it encourages piracy the other side of the contract should want to avoid it. Gaining customers in the short term like this hurts the whole market in the long term. Cyber_Akuma Because yeah, people are going to rip movies from Netflix and not off a Blu-Ray.... and even IF they were to attempt to rip them off Netflix, they would use a PHONE and not a PC.... Jimk4003 Ripping Blu-rays isn't Netflix's problem, and Netflix don't need to try and guess what device someone would try and commit piracy with, when the technology exists to restrict them all. Cyber_Akuma You are missing the point, people aren't going to be ripping from Netflix over ripping from a Blu-Ray, and on top of that, they sure as hell aren't going to be ripping off a phone. And actually, you are wrong, the technology to "resist them all" does NOT actually exist. There is no one technology that "restricts them all" but several different technologies for different platforms with various levels of viability and success. Jimk4003 I said 'the technology exists'. When did I say it was a single piece of technology? Let's not be those guys who get in a pedantic argument about semantics on the internet. Regarding the issue under discussion; Netflix's job is to make their platform as robust as possible against piracy, using whatever technology is available to them. Blu-Ray simply isn't their problem. Cyber_Akuma Because just arguing "technology exists" is worthless, plenty of technology exists, and plenty of it is misused. Technically the technology to remotely brick your phone exists too, doesn't mean it's fine to use just because it "exists". And no, their platform already is robust, you are trying to ignore the fact that people ripping movies off a phone is a complete and total non-issue just to try to argue for Netflix's sake, this is ESPECIALLY considering the fact that it harms far more legitimate people than it helps. Sorry, but no, just a plain and completely undesputable NO. You can't argue that it's ok to use something that will hurt a large majority of people just to potentially possibly stop an extreme minority of people who would not even use this method anyway. That's like arguing it's ok to burn down a house to kill a spider. Jimk4003 "You can't argue that it's ok to use something that will hurt a large majority of people". We're talking about Netflix blocking rooted users; in what reality do they constitute the 'large majority' of Android users? Cyber_Akuma I meant the majority of the rooted users. Last time I checked, over 25% of people with an Android device had root access, which is several million users. And OF those several million rooted users, how many do you think actually use their rooted phone and Netflix app to pirate content? Less than 1% Hell, less than 0.1%? They are hurting over 99% of rooted Android users, which while not the majority of Android users is still a lot, to attempt to stop (and not even that effectively as there have been work-around for SafetyNet checks for nearly a year now) an extreme minority OF a minority from doing something they are unlikely to do due to other methods anyway. Richard Markert >I meant the majority of the rooted users. Even the majority of rooted users is a drop in the ocean when it comes to Android users worldwide. Cyber_Akuma Again, over 25%. You also completely missed the point of the argument in that this hurts nearly all rooted users that would not use this maliciously. Lord Argyris Looks like I'll have to start updating manually then. Or just not bother with the app at all since I rarely use Netflix on my phone as it is. SpasilliumNexus Thank goodness the 3T's Open Beta of OxygenOS is good enough for me to not unlock my device and stick with complete stock. Now I wonder why I haven't received any Netflix app updates beyond 4.16.1 build 15145 on the Play Store, when APKMirror has 4 newer versions. ast00 They asked for it. Now pirate their content knowing that you tried doing it the legal way, but THEY declined. Φώτης Because unlocking your Android powered device is such a "bad" thing to do. Whatever Netflix. Ailín Ó’S Ναι, ακριβώς... 😑 C64 How about some English Rob Google translate says that "Ναι, ακριβώς" translates to "Yes, exactly". pcriz How about some Google translate :-/ C64 This is an English website, so you have to talk English. I'm Dutch, so i talk (or try to talk) English too. It hasn't to be perfect, but it would be bs if I talked Dutch over here. 'Want 90 procent van de mensen hier spreken geen Nederlands' Or do you like to use translate with everything freaking post Φώτης Chill. It was literally just two words. Not that big of a deal, don't you think? AnubArack Is it that hard to write 2 words in another language then? Kevin Strident Yo no se. You try it. Φώτης Of course not. Actually this is exactly what happened :p AnubArack You and @kevinstrident:disqus are sooooo funny. Less contextually aware than a virtual assistant. d0x360 Yes exactly lol Patrick Ahles *spreekt ;) DavidEssex Yes. I have for years. Twatberry XwaitXwhatX This is an English website Which caters to android users all across the globe pcriz Show me what rule he is breaking. Please quote it for me. Otherwise have as much right to ignore him as he does to speak whatever language he wants. Geezz what a buncha cry babies xyz He is breaking the most important rule of the internet which is faasusu polo asini. pcriz I could try and translate that and feed a troll. Or I can go on living my life. I may choose the latter. C'est la vie, damn how easy (adult) was that ? d0x360 You can talk in whatever language you want. You won't get many people paying any attention to anything you say but who cares? Also...use Google to translate it. It's that button at the very bottom. Yes, exactly xyz Du-te dracului Rebel without a Clue Want 90 procent van de mensen hier spreekt ;) C64 Sorry i was stoned 🤣 Rebel without a Clue Hahaha ok dan mag het Keletor Thank you much! You are awesome, and I totally respect you for that statement and the use of the Commodore insignia. AntiCoyote Not really fair, every single Dutch person I know speaks English as well as an American :o) C64 I'm sorry that we Dutch learn English at school :p davidus The real reason behind this is that there arent many ppl to talk to in first place, if u only speak dutch. Trust me, i m from a neighbour country ;) Me Or some Bixby xyz I don't think Google can translate dipshit. Seems to be a rarely spoken language. pcriz Um okay, whatever that means. DavidEssex How about not being ignorant. xyz Ignorant? No one speaks every language in the world, dipshit. Өөрийгөө Зөндөө Go ArclightX flüggåәnkб€čhiœßølįên There! Now put that in your pipe and smoke it! C64 Don't quit your day job Narg While I prefer English, I have to say that web browsers today make it dirt simple to translate anything, why get all worked up about this? Not using the tools at hand just show ignorance and lethargy. nasznjoka umetisha mzazi asianrage Is it being Unlocked that is not allowed, or Unlocked and Rooted as well? Corbin Davenport Both. Artem can't install it on his unlocked Google Pixel XL. h4rr4r Huh? He can install it, just not from the play store. Apk mirror, soon back answer. Corbin Davenport Yes, that's what I meant. It doesn't appear on the Play Store for him. asianrage That's so shitty. lomsha Idiotic. Andreaeritzman Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sf93c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sf93c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs383TopNovaGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sf93c:....,..... _jack_ I will send them feedback about this. Andy Roid https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a9bc6f4e2413533bdd6ebb2b10ebd06b24f002e6bfab3d18b3274418de511270.jpg Elsiedamado Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sg85c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sg85c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs385DirectResourcesGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sg85c:....,...... EowynCarter Yeah me too. And unless they change this, bye netflix account. No point in something I can't use anymore. Demoncat The funny part about video DRM is it's easily defeated. It's more convenient to steal the videos than to deal with the DRM restrictions. Fedup Exactly. Between VPN'ed torrents and nzbs, my Sonarr downloads all TV shows (netflix, HBO, ABC/CBS/NBC/FOX) automatically within minutes of them being ripped and posted by others. It is 100% automated, and with my Plex server running, I can watch shows anywhere - cost = $0.00. I don't do this to save money. I do it for the convenience, lack of ads, and freedom of time/place shifting. Heck, some shows actually download BEFORE they air on network TV (i.e. Designated Survivor). Yan Minari You better tell us more about how you set up this. stan dex 97 new dark web premium links . also included are netfix lifetime membership links as well as graphic Live chat links (use anonymously) https://satoshibox.com/axbr7vnm6ifzk8hwtcreoe28/buy d0x360 I cancelled​ my account, sent them feedback and then just asked a friend who I let use HBO go and a Chromecast ultra if I could use their Netflix. David Gabel That seems rather dumb. Why cancel your service to them yet still use it via someone else? You're not teaching them anything. For an example, let's say you have a MacBook, and Apple does something to piss you off. You sell your MacBook, but then borrow a friend's MacBook. Nothing was actually accomplished. d0x360 Nothing was accomplished? I cancelled my account and let them know why. Now they aren't making money off me but I still to use their service. Your analogy is deeply flawed...deeply. So deeply I don't think you understand exactly what an analogy is. David Gabel So, you're "not giving them money" yet you still support them by using their product. It still seems like your logic is flawed. If you're really that pissed at Netflix, don't use it. Period. Use a different service instead of supporting them by borrowing it off a friend, as they are also giving them money (and support) , too via their subscription. revbones How is using their service for free "supporting" them? They aren't getting any revenue off you if you're not paying them. Saying you're supporting them by not paying them is a little stupid don't you think? xyz lol. So by your "logic" a person who pirates House of Cards is also supporting Netflix ? BobButtons You're doing the opposite of supporting. You're getting the benefits of their service while stopping payment and adding to server load which they pay for. David Gabel So far, your stance is the only one that makes sense. The rest so far are noise Sir Doogie Houser M.D.Esq. 200 You seen like an incredulous douch who I'd suplex onto a park bench for being a lap dog bitch.How is canceling or stealing not doing something.Also,its not a fucking macbook jerkoff its a paid service for TV on a phone they expect to be paid for.BTFO David Gabel And you are a loud mouth keyboard warrior that loves to talk a big game, but in reality have little to no control over anything and use web forums to spout obscenities and violent threats to make yourself feel better. nagi Just another step that makes pirating the same content more convenient... we should really be going the other way if they ever want piracy to be reduced. lomsha Funny thing is their content is available to stream all over the internet. Don't see how this move fights piracy as long as computers have access. This just alienates legit users who are doing nothing nefarious on unlocked/rooted devices. Richard Branches By one everybody pays... Pathum Addarapathirana Dude I root my phone to just get iPhone emojis and to tether without my carrier knowing. Like I'm not stealing anything this will just make me stop paying for Netflix. Latheryin Just a heads up. Those treating hiding mods are fake. There is no way to hide if from the carrier. Heck if they wanted to they could see every web page you load from a ton of different places and ways. Yan Minari That’s why god invented VPN Latheryin Yes but even then it doesn't block everything. qqqqqq My provider absolutely blocks tethering - I've been using various methods, including VPNs, to block it for literally YEARS... Hasn't been difficult. Dylan Harris That's not true. All you have to due to bypass tethering limits on t-mobile is to change the TTL on the tethered device. Latheryin That just gets by the automated checks. Get a live person to randomly pick your account (not really likely but happens) and it is not had to tell if someone is tethering. Dmitri Smirnov All that person will be able to tell is whether customer is using a lot of data or not. And this is the root of the problem: be honest that you are limited traffic, instead of trying to play this game of "we'll pretent we are giving you unlimited data and in return you'll only use small-format mobile device, so that we'll hope that you won't be able to use as much of it". Kind of "all you can eat, but you have to only use a tea cup and one chopstick". Latheryin No the issue is people being entitled and taking advantage of things. You have people running their gaming systems and using hundreds of gb a month. Not only is that kinda dumb but it violate the fair use act in most cell TOS. If people didn't abuse the system then it wouldn't be an issue. Also just some food for thought. If they can't tell anything more then a lot of data just how do they route the traffic properly? Make no mistake. If the carrier wanted to they could tell. I know for a fact that there is a team for both att and Verizon that is tasked with just that. Dmitri Smirnov >No the issue is people being entitled and taking advantage of things. You have people running their gaming systems and using hundreds of gb a month. "taking advantage" I thought that people were in their right by using what they paid for. Allright, tell me this - is it allright for me to watch 4K video on my phone (since the screens allow it now)? What's the difference between this and me watching the same stream on my laptop over my phone's connection? What if I just redirect the video stream to my TV using WiDi or any other technology? How is browsing a site from a laptop different from browsing it from a phone network-congestion-wise? And then it boils down to the same argument - carriers are just hoping you'll use the network less from you phone device, as it's less convenient. The more convenient smartphones become for consuming large volumes of traffic, the sooner carriers will have to more away from this scan and expose the actual numbers. > If people didn't abuse the system then it wouldn't be an issue. If carriers would be honest and upfront about "hidden" caps, then people would not be able to game the system. > Also just some food for thought. If they can't tell anything more then a lot of data just how do they route the traffic properly? Make no mistake. If the carrier wanted to they could tell. Latheryin Tethering was never even an extra charge until people started taking advantage of the mobile networks. Watching 4k videos is not a big deal, using 200gb of mobile data in a cycle is flat out stupid. Mobile networks were not designed for that type of traffic from a single device. Nor was it made to handle running your ps4 while you are gaming. Why do you think that pages are made to be mobile friendly? Not only is it a usability issue but a data usage issue as well. It's not hidden. All people have to do is read the TOS. It's all right there. Yet most people just don't want to take the time to do it and then get made about it. Can't blame the carriers for that. Dmitri Smirnov > Watching 4k videos is not a big deal, using 200gb of mobile data in a cycle is flat out stupid. a) I'm glad we're finally on the same page that the real problem for networks is data usage and not tethering or no tethering. b) You are aware that you're contradicting yourself in the same sensense? 4K 60Fps video bitrate is ~20-40 MiB/s which gives an average movie the size of about 72GiB. so by your definition watching a movie in good quality is OK as long as you don't watch more than 3 of them in a month. c) how is using mobile data that you paid for - stupid? If there are caps - announce them and make it impossible to go over them instead of shaming people who actually decide to take you up on your offer. d) tethering has not been an extra charge until telcos understood that they could charge extra for it (just like them toying with idea of charging extra for Instant Messenger traffic, because it undercuts their SMS plans). > It's not hidden. All people have to do is read the TOS. It's all right there. Yet most people just don't want to take the time to do it and then get made about it. Can't blame the carriers for that. Well, carriers are the ones calling their plans "unlimited" and hiding the actual caps either buried deep in the ToS or behind the vague "reasonable usage". So don't blame people for not wanting to wade through pages of legalspeak just to learn that you lied and "unlmited" is just "50Gb and then throttled". Fedup Agreed. The problem is the AMOUNT of data consumed by a given user account - no how it is consumed. If carriers are concerned about individuals abusing their network, then they need to flag those accounts that use an excessive amount of bandwidth - whether it's through tethering or directly on the device itself. I could easily burn through 150GB/mo on my TMO Note 4 w/o tethering simply by leaving my Blue Iris app connected and streaming 24/7. So it's actually very easy to abuse the system without ever turning on the tethering. Ravonus Damitri this guy is a nut ha... I agree with you 100% bro. Ravonus um yes you can fake it... Sure you can't block the traffic... but you sure can make it seem like the traffic is coming from your phone and not being used to tether.. Which is what these apps do.. SMH lol Latheryin If that is what you wish to believe. OK. Android Developer Is the tether solution needed even if you do it using USB ? Fulbring What a stupid move. I pay for the premium for Netflix and I never thought that I might have to cancel my service just because they did this. The only reason why I have root is because of AdAway and TitaniumBackup. I still use the stock OnePlus 3T ROM. Wasn't expecting this at all.... Kinda suck. Will be interesting to see how many customers they lose. Julian Berger Not enough to change it back... 4Ui812 DRM has no place in our lives. I suspect Netflix will have a change of heart within 6 months. Branko Xiaomi phones say bye bye to Netflix. Google go fuck yourselves. Steve_Jobroni Go fucking buy a windows phone. 天地人 Seriously though Windows phones are great. The only problem with them is the lack of applications. Otherwise, it runs great on low-end hardware, has a great UI, the homescreen is innovative, synchronisation with Windows PCs is cool, etc. dukaki Don't forget that you can use the Netflix website on Edge instead of their shitty app, and it streams at full 1080p, even on my L650 with a 720p screen. 天地人 Wait the Netflix application hasn't an option to stream at FHD? dukaki Nope, just 480p like on android. The device has to be "certified" and there are no certified windows phones afaik. The WP app doesn't even have downloads yet, I think. Edit: Just checked, no option to download here but you can on the desktop app. EowynCarter Might end with a visit at the apple store in my case. Windows phone is kind of not supported anymore. Jimk4003 This is Netflix, not Google. Cyber_Akuma Google invented this SafetyNet crap, let anyone use it for any reason (Hell, Pokemon GO of all things started using it), and over the last year have been making it even more and more strict and unforgiving. So no, a HUGE part of the blame does lie on Google for being openly hostile towards rooted users and not giving a damn about them. Jimk4003 There are legitimate reasons to use Safetynet to check the integrity of a device: Android Pay (or banking apps in general) is one example. It isn't necessarily hostility to root users; it's just a reality that Google need to be able to demonstrate to banks or other third parties that their OS is secure, and that people can't bypass built in security safeguards. Netflix need to do the same with the studios they redistribute content for; and they've chosen to use Safetynet to do it. Netflix isn't a human right; you have no inalienable right to root your phone and to use Netflix. Cyber_Akuma Except that not even my own banking app uses SafetyNet, it still has root checking and certain sensitive features are disabled if I am rooted, but not the entire app. Furthermore, it IS hostility to rooted users, because anyone can toss SafetyNet into their app for any reason whatsoever (such as games using it "just because" in case of cheaters... which doesn't even help at all to stop them). Google has been completely unwilling to work out ANY sort of compromise or method that can keep a phone secure without basically tossing rooted users under the bus. Jimk4003 What sort of compromise do you envision? Cyber_Akuma I am saying that they didn't even try. PCs by default obviously allow admin accounts all the time, even as the main user account (as much as that is not recommended) yet can maintain security. Google when they were confronted with people who were hurt by SafetyNet, legitimate users mind you, basically just shrugged them off and didn't even bother considering what could be done to allow the device to remain secure while also having such safeties in place. I mean, all these apps that you can use on your phone, can also be used on a PC, many of them available in either a browser or native app format, yet it remains secure. There is no reason this could not be done with Android, especially considering it used Linux as a base, they are just refusing to even consider it. Jimk4003 Don't you already have that choice? Your phone is sold without root access (i.e. no admin rights), and you can then choose whether or not to root your device and gain elevated privileges. If you do choose to root your device, you will lose access to some Safetynet enabled applications. You can, of course, unroot if necessary. Cyber_Akuma First of all, not all phones are. Especially in non-US countries. Second, it shouldn't have to be a choice. How many PC apps refuse to run under an admin account? Practically none. I shouldn't have to choose between having root access or being able to use a apps that more and more are starting to add this nonsense to them. Third, it's not even just root, even having an unlocked BOOTLOADER now, even if your rom is 100% stock and unrooted, can trip SafetyNet, it didn't used to be that strict. It's ridiculous to claim one should be able to have one or the other, even SafetyNet could have been designed to not be this brokenly strict, but Google had no interest in doing so, and they are rapidly making having root more and more useless while we still have to deal with all the junk they force on your phone from the manufacturer... that you can only remove with root. Jimk4003 Well, it is what it is. You believe you shouldn't have to make a choice, whereas I believe life is all about making choices and living with the outcomes. We seldom get everything we want, and neither Netflix, nor rooting, are inalienable rights. Whether or not you think it should be a choice, it is one; choose what you feel is best for you. Cyber_Akuma That's not even an argument, that's just trying to claim that the status quo should remain for no reason other than it is the status quo. It shouldn't have to be a choice, and arguing that people have to choose between root and having an increasingly less amount of apps just because "it is what it is" is insanity. In fact, it wasn't even the status quo before until Google started pulling this nonsense with SafetyNet a short while ago. That doesn't mean people should just accept it. Jimk4003 It's not an argument, because there is no argument to be had. The reality of the situation is self-evident; you can't have a rooted device and install Netflix via Google Play. Accepting the status quo has nothing to do with it; it's simply acknowledging reality. You have to choose what's more important to you; Netflix or rooting your phone. Finding the reality frustrating, as you clearly do, won't make it any less real. If this was a serious discussion on human rights; censorship, migration, justice, gender equality etc., then it's important in a democracy to be aware of your rights and responsibilities, and challenge the status quo where necessary. But this isn't anything like that. This is two for-profit corporations, Google and Netflix, who provide services to which you have no fundamental right to access, nor any obligation to use. You can choose to pay for their services and accept their terms and conditions, or you can choose not to. You don't get to pick the terms and conditions of the service someone else is providing you; however you are free to not use the service if you don't like the terms and conditions under which they are provided. That's it; it's no simpler or more complicated than that. Ranting on the internet about how unfair you perceive it to be is irrelevant. Again, it is what it is. Cyber_Akuma Again, there is no "it is what it is" argument. There should be no choice, PERIOD. You are basically saying that people should not complain about this just because "it is what it is". No, it is NOT what it is, it should NOT BE what it is, and people can and WILL complain that it SHOULD NOT be what it is. You aren't even making any rational arguments anymore, just re-stating what the current situation is and then basically claiming that people should not want or expect better. Jimk4003 You can want or expect better if you like. Netflix, like every other for-profit enterprise in a capitalist system, will either succeed or fail based on its ability to turn a profit. Right now, Netflix is turning a profit, and clearly thinks it can be more profitable by excluding rooted users whose theoretical ability to circumvent DRM restrictions may impact its ability to secure rights to new content. Clearly you disagree with their stance, and the only way to see for sure if your disagreement is warranted is to watch their financial performance from here on out. None of the above changes the fact that you aren't entitled to Netflix. You've chosen to root your phone, and Netflix have recently chosen to exclude rooted users. That leaves you with a choice to make. Even if you think that choice is unfair, even if you think you should be able to have both. The reality is you can't have both, and you will have to choose. Again, Netflix isn't a right. Go elsewhere if you disagree with their business practices; that's how capitalism works. Beyond that, you're just having a spat with reality; and that's a tough fight to win ;) Cyber_Akuma Actually, what do you think would lose them more profits, the theoretical minority OF a minority that MIGHT rip movies on their phones (which still requires a Netflix account in the first place) or blocking that 25% minority? Also, drop this "right" nonsense. No, seriously, drop it right now. People are paying for a Netflix account, they DO have a right to get the service they paid for. Netflix made zero warning or mention of this impending block, they pulled it out of nowhere for paying customers. So sorry, but they DO have a right to the service, since they are paying for it. Sony was found to be legally in the wrong when they removed the OtherOS feature from the PS3, because why? Because people PAID for the console when it had that feature, they DID have a right to what they paid for. You're just having a spat with arguing for argument's sake when you don't even have an argument. Jimk4003 There is no argument; it's the reality of the situation. Netflix have implemented DRM controls that block access to the Netflix app via the Play Store on rooted devices. I do understand why Netflix want to tighten their DRM procedures, and I do understand why some people have been left frustrated by this change. The reality is, however, if you want to download the Netflix app via Google Play, you will need an un-rooted phone; such as the phones used by the majority of Android users. That's all that's happening. I get that you don't like it. But stamping your foot and shouting 'no fair, no fair' achieves nothing. Netflix are entitled to run their business how they see fit within the law; and consumers get to choose whether they want to give Netflix their business or not. That's all there is to it. Don't like the way Netflix do business; don't give Netflix your money. Cyber_Akuma All you are doing with the "it is what it is" argument is just repeating what the article is saying. That is not conductive to anything. Anyone who has read the article knows what is happening right now. And sorry, but you are doing the same stamping your foot with the "well, it is what it is" argument. Not to mention that you are also wrong, because over the last 5 or so years ALONE there have been dozens of examples of consumers speaking out against policies or DRM and the companies begin forced to reverse it from the backlash. So you are doing nothing but hurting legitimate users by trying to argue "it is what it is". And again, no, they are not entitled to run their business in a way that without warning locks customers out of what they paid for, Sony tried this... and got in legal trouble and lost. So sorry, but you are wrong, and you have been nothing but wrong this entire argument. Netflix isn't' "entitled" to do this, people DO have a reason to complain, there IS a reason to complain, complaining HAS changed such practices before, and all you are doing is further hurting legitimate users by attempting to insist the "it is what it is" non-argument. Your entire argument has been fundamentally wrong from the start. Jimk4003 It's not my argument; it's simply Netflix's position. I get you don't agree with it, but it's totally valid for Netflix to wish to strengthen their DRM procedures. You do know I'm not responsible for Netflix's decision making, right? It is what it is; I wouldn't get too upset about it. Cyber_Akuma Again, "it is what it is" is not a valid argument. Jimk4003 No it's not an argument. Again, there is no argument necessary; the reality of the situation is self-evident, and no amount of arguing here will change it. The fact is this; YOU rooted your phone. You weren't forced. You should have known that by rooting your phone you are modifying the device beyond its factory specification. You should have known that this essentially makes you responsible for the proper operation of the device; you no longer have the device manufacturer or Google to turn to when software that you have modified doesn't work as expected. You should also have known that rooting prevents a device from complying with the compatibility test suite, and that this can affect your devices ability to function correctly. You should have been aware of the SafetyNet API, and anticipated the fact that this API would be adopted more and more broadly as Google promoted its usage. You can't blame Google for this; as before, once you modify your device beyond its factory spec, you're responsible for supporting yourself. Rooting a device is at the owners risk. You've now found yourself in a situation where a modification you have made to your device prevents you from accessing a service you want to use. That's on you; no-one made you modify your device, no-one said they would take responsibility for the changes you have made to your device, and rooted users are expected to assume liability for any ramifications and complications they face as a result of their decision to modifying their device. Netflix are well within their rights to enforce DRM on their product by using the SafetyNet API provided by Google, and the Google documentation clearly states rooted devices will fail the CTS check. This documentation is publicly available. You went ahead and rooted your device anyway. That's on you. It's no-one elses job to make sense of the decisions you have taken. You're free to carry on using Netflix if you return your device to a state where the integrity of the device can be verified. Or you're free to carry on using a rooted device and living with the compromises that entails. Your choice. Cyber_Akuma I don't think you get it. All you are doing is parroting what the article is saying. Furthermore, despite there being plenty of examples of complaining doing EXACTLY what you claim it cannot do, that is to change such decisions, you keep repeating that "complaining will do nothing". You are a broken record, arguing the same "it is what it is" argument over and over so you can avoid actually thinking. An argument (and yes, no matter how much YOU stomp your feet that it is not, it IS an argument) that has already been disproven over and over and over. You also ignored that there are many countries where phones are already sold rooted, or how such things don't effect using such services on a PC with admin rights which are the same thing, or the dozens of other holes in your logic large enough to sail a ship through. There is no "you should have been aware" because this is a total lapse in common sense and my device is in no way incompatible from a hardware or software level, but rather, the app is purposely rejecting it. Furthermore, they made no prior warning whatsoever. This is like arguing "you should have known modern cars could be remotely disabled" if a dealership decides to just disable all cars with an aftermarket radio installed. I don't know where to even begin with all the broken wrong logic in that last post. Why are you even here if you couldn't care less? You are free to carry on being a living example of "First they came", but don't come crying about how nobody else is listening to you because you could not possibly be any more wrong. I DO have a right to use Netflix on my device, rooted or no, if I am paying for it. If you argue against this, you are wrong. People DO have a right to root their devices, if you argue against this, you are wrong. People DO have a right (and have many many MANY times in the past) to challenge the "it is what it is" status quo, if you argue against this, you are wrong. And I know you WILL argue against this, which will mean that, see above, you are wrong. I have been more than patient with your insane thick-headnedness. At this point I can't tell if you are being willfully ignorant or really are just that ignorant. Or just trolling, that is an option as well. There is no way anyone rational at this point can continue to argue the insanity that you have argued. Jimk4003 I interpret personal insults as an indicator that the individual making them no longer has any faith in their actual arguments, and so I think it's time to call time on this particular discussion. As you've pointed out, neither of us is getting anywhere. It's been fun, but once it starts getting abusive, the fun has to stop. It's a shame, because DRM Vs individual user rights has the potential to be a really interesting discussion topic. I hope you get what you're after; and that the reality of the situation will change to be more in line with what you think it should be. Unfortunately I imagine the situation regarding DRM and rooted devices will only get more restrictive going forward. Take care. Cyber_Akuma You purposely instigate people into losing their patience with you, and then claim "I win because you got angry", especially when the anger is because you were refusing to understand the entire argument throughout this entire mess. My1 even if you dont have any right to access netflix, the whole point of netflix and others is making it easier to use those than to do piracy but when netflix goes around branding the rooted users as pirates and blocking them, they sure arent helping their purpose. especially if netflix is (I dont have it so I didnt try) runs on VGA and DVI Screens (no HDCP) where you can just capture the stuff. I mean it's say same withz Bluray Playback on PC, in addition to needing a Bluray Drive, you need an HDCP Compliant Graphics card, bus encryption, and HDCP compliant Monitor, and not to forget You Piece of PowerDVD which you have to upgrade (aka buy again) every few years because the older versions dont get Key Updates. and then we have stuff like unskippable trailers and all the other bluntly said Bullshit when dealing with that. of course Piracy is easier, just download the file and play it on any device you want, no internet and nothing required and no problems. My1 and even if one piece of software wont run in an Admin account, with LUA even on Admin they arent having and privileges unless you kick in the UAC, and to top it, even if the app wont be running if I force it as admin, and only runs with active LUA concept, I can still run anything else as admin and screw the other software running as normal user over (cheatengine is the perfect example for this) Richard Markert Root is, by definition, unsecure. Any time you have userland processes that have access to ring0 you are inherently unsecure, as there are no restrictions placed upon running code at that point. Cyber_Akuma And yet, there are ways to run it securely on PCs. Netflix and online banking would not be available on PCs if it wasn't. My1 well but from another side, root can also be used to just patch any holes that were there. actually happened a few times before. My1 banking apps dont have a reason for a root check if they are done properly, i.e. TANs are generated with an air-gapped extra device. TANs on the phone are in general not safe and if the TAN is able to be generated offline, someone could use an exploit to root, steal the secret for TAN generation and boom, it's over. and dont even start thinking about sms-TAN, it's even worse. also when I just want to look into what my account is doing, I am not happy when I cant do so. My Bank (Hypovereinsbank) more or less recently blocked root and well I just RootCloaked that thing into oblivion and can do my stuff. but I'll probably change anyway since they sadly have no good way of TANs (just paper-based list-TANs, SMS and app) TedPhillips mostly agree. by providing a turn-key 'lockdown' check, and further by ret-conning it into playstore access (let's see how far they take that) -google is now openly hostile to anyone who bought into android for it's ability to customize and truly 'own' your own device. the open source roots of android was a big differentiator vs something like iOS, but now that they have dominate market position - they are walking away from that without concern. (only worrying about how slow they need to boil the frog to get away with it) meanwhile, what middle manager is going to say 'no' to adding safetyNet checks in their app or play store listing? it is an easy way for them to write down on potential risks, unjustified (which it pretty much always is) or not. blindexecutioner So the solution is to install from outside the play store. That's great for security. Way to go. Richard Markert No they don't. Since Windows 7, new and default users are not Admin accounts. koiulpoi Sorry, this is absolutely wrong. The first user created on a Windows PC has full administrative access, limited by UAC. You can still delete System32, it's just mildly harder than it used to be. If "new and default users" were not Admin accounts, they couldn't install software, so... Richard Markert Default user accounts are higher than Limited accounts, but not as high as Admin accounts. That's why they can install software. Linux users are not admins but can still install software, right? It started on Windows 7, expanded in 8/8.1 and now in Windows 10 a user account behaves just like a user account in Linux. It has no access to %systemdir% unless you manually go in the folder properties and give your user account Admin permissions to it. You can still run things AS admin by giving the permission at runtime, but since all that requires is pressing a button (if your built-in admin account isn't passworded, which it isn't by default, one step forward two back, sigh) and most users are too "stupid" to simply not press that button. koiulpoi It's really funny when people speak authoritatively about something they're so wrong about. The first account created by the Windows OOBE is automatically added to the Administrators group. This means they're an Administrator. They have Administrative privileges. The fact that certain actions are blocked until you click "yes" on a simple UAC prompt doesn't stop this; they're in "Admin Approval Mode", which can be disabled via GPO if you care to. If you buy a computer from Dell (example), set it up, then go to System32 and start deleting .dll files, it'll ask for administrative privileges, but you can click yes and away it goes! Some files are protected at "SYSTEM" level, which is higher than administrator, but DEFAULT USERS ARE ADMINISTRATORS. This has ABSOLUTELY nothing to do with the "password" on the built-in "Administrator" account. That account is disabled out-of-the-box. Please, you're digging a bigger hole trying to look "right". How to prove this: Set up a new computer. Set up user default for MS. Start -> Run -> netplwiz -> Be amazed that your user is part of the group "Administrators". TechGuy22 Haha kodi Doesn't matter to me I Stopped paying for Netflix long time ago. C64 Haha Teranium TV 😎 TechGuy22 I like that too. You can even get the mod one and remove the ads. Lol C64 I know, i always use those. I want to pay for the dev, but there's no option to do that. Koko time is coming with a big update to tim242 Thief. Renato Santos This is stupid. Congratulations, Netflix. Jan-Lk Else It is also getting more and more necessary to unlock / root devices due to missing updates etc. But I'm not a Netflix customer and won't become one. C64 Whahaha, this has to be the most retarded move of the year in any category (even Trump can't top this). I'm glad i don't use Old Crap Flix. A Person Hillary, then Netflix. C64 Nope sorry. Since Trump is your president i can't take America serious anymore A Person Timeout, you're not even a US citizen? No interest in your opinion. James F Wow. Just wow. I can't take you seriously either if that's how you treat people. Not cool, man. A Person "Wow, just wow"? When he can vote in our elections I'll take his opinions of our elections seriously. It is highly ill-informed anyhow. Paul Sterling A person wins! Marcelove Timeout, you are a Trump supporter? No interest in your opinion (neither anyone smart in the world). Roy Riddex Just so I'm clear on this, by unlocked are we talking about SIM unlocked? lomsha No no, unlocked bootloader. Roy Riddex Thanks Corbin Davenport Unlocked bootloader. pbergonzi I wonder how long they'll stick with that premise seeing as how much public opinion expressed here is against them. Screw them. Get the APK somewhere else or install magisk and hide your root. Too many people root their devices and have a good reason for doing so and Netflix should not penalize them. Doby Gillis Dude, normal people don't give a fuck about rooted phones. It's just the elitist twats who do it anymore. twiz0r Dude, you're an elitist twat. Richard Markert Most people who root seem to be. The sentiment among rooters is "if you don't root your phone, you're not as good as me and don't deserve to have a phone. Root you stupid noob!" twiz0r thanks for confirming your twatness. good day. C64 One word ..... Bullshit Corey Kinard I've yet to see that... Maybe you just feel like that because they do in fact know more than you? Richard Markert My first version of Android was 1.5. I've seen it for many years. How long have you been in the scene? My1 well at least a rooted phone is objectively better than a non rooted one, but relatively and subjectively speaking, if a non-rooted phone is good enough for someone then let it be so. EowynCarter My phone isn't rooted. And not compatible anymore ! Franco Fassio Unlocked bootloader maybe? EowynCarter Yes. But seam I can't lock it without wipe. So screw you Netflix. Marcelove Let me guess, your profile pic is that right? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0f0c4f3e3ce40074aebfe58d80511d4a0b7d4a94896ce54d82e448a1cd2e3ceb.jpg bruce lancaster Dude. It isn't just rooted phones - Also unlocked. Elitists get their iphones and galaxy s8s from att and verizon. Normal people get their devices from amazon, ebay, newegg, gearbest etc. Jimk4003 I'm sure Netflix are terrified that the tiny fraction of Android users who come to this site, and the similarly tiny fraction who root their phones, are bothered. The rest of the world won't care. bruce lancaster An article in Wireless Week (cellphone industry rag) a couple of months back says it's now a majority of phones in Asia that are unlocked and Europe is getting pretty close to 50/50. US passed 30% unlocked around Christmas. People aren't getting their phones from ATT, Verizon, etc any more now that they have to pay full retail and don't get a free or heavily discounted flagship device with contract renewal. They are getting them from Amazon, Gearbest, Newegg, etc and moving their sim. If I owned stock in Netflix right now, I'd sell it quick on this news. Everything that isn't already mobile is going mobile. Alienating half the European market and 30% of the US market is asinine. Fedup Yup. Ditched my flagship Samsung phone for a 'budget' Moto G5 Plus that is 100% compatible with all four US carriers (and their dozens of MNVOs). Swapping providers is as easy as changing the sim. And despite the slower spec'ed hardware, the carrier bloat-free Nougat is WAY faster than my TW Galaxy phone - and the battery life is INSANE. C64 Probably 90 % of the people don't know what root is. Almost every person I know owns an Android device, but i'm the only geek who flashes and roots his devices bruce lancaster It isn't just rooted phones but also unlocked phones. Got your phone on amazon? Got it on ebay? Got it from gearbest? Got it from newegg? Yup. No netflix for you without jumping through enough hoops that you'll actually know about rooting by the time you get it done. Fedup Are we conflating a carrier-unlocked vs. bootloader unlocked phone? They are two distinctly different things, and I doubt that having a carrier-unlocked phone (i.e. using a TMO phone on ATT, or VZ on Sprint) has any impact on SafetyNet or Widevine. pbergonzi Judging from the posts here it looks like nobody who roots their phone uses Netflix anyway so I guess it's moot. But the outcry sure did get them a bunch of free publicity. T4rd This is what Magisk is for. Pretty sure if I can still use Android Pay with my rooted 6P, I can still use/update Netflix through the Play Store. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Magisk still requires that you unlock your bootloader, which is enough to trigger safety net these days, so that won't work. TechGuy22 You don't know how magisk works do you Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ I understand that Magisk is a great tool for modifying my system without actually modifying it. I understand that there are many modules that allow you to do things like hide root, bypass security modules, skin your system, and plenty of other things. What I don't understand is how you can install magisk without unlocking your bootloader. Back when I originally tried it out with pokemon go, it worked well for a while, but eventually even just having my bootloader unlocked was all it took to throw SafetyNet. If that's not an issue anymore, then great! But maybe say that instead of being snarky. Thomas Gladdines Bootloader can be simply locked after rooting and installing a custom recovery. Edwin O. Lol no You could, but then you can't flash anything with said recovery... So no point Thomas Gladdines LOL the recovery doesn't stop working after a bootloader is locked, only fastboot won't flash images but the recovery can do whatever it wants to, update the rom, edit system files etc. Thomas Gladdines That's nonsense, the recovery works fine with or without a locked bootloader. Only fastboot won't work but that's only needed when you don't have a custom recovery to flash images. Muzzy996 Well as an example for the Google Pixel: https://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=71901761&postcount=454 In this case all it takes is a kernel that supports Magisk and hides the fact that the bootloader is unlocked, at which point with Magisk Hide enabled all root and SafetyNet checks pass. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Excellent. I'll have to look back into this then, last time I used magisk it wasn't as capable, glad to see it's come this far. sbeaulieu Magical Hide is there for that Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Can Magical Hide hide that my bootloader is unlocked? Serious question, not being sarcastic or snarky as I was below. sbeaulieu It does make the SafetyNet check pass iJeggu Magisk itself doesn't hide an unlocked bootloader it only hides root but must custom roms simply delete the verifiedbootstate -flag which in turn makes safetynet pass even with an unlocked bootloader. Some older devices don't have this flag in their kernels in the first place so safetynet will accept that the flag is missing. Link to the patch that most custom roms (kernels to be specific) have to pass safetynet: https://github.com/sultanxda/android_kernel_oneplus_msm8996/commit/abc05b16bbd33521c2fffaf491c5657a94bfcfc5 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5b1ff3f47e32d5f57ddadcd650a5b94725bd4e6242cea92e269f51e988d0d426.png T4rd Except it's working for me right now... jonzey231 This has been happening for a week now. I tweeted it to Ruddock a few days ago. Just didn't put together that it was because I was unlocked. https://twitter.com/jonzey231/status/862122438125072384 steelew Google really needs to start stealing from the root community the way apple takes from the jailbreak community. It feels like rooting is way down except for a few (legal) use cases. If it weren't for visual tweaks & usability tweaks, I would have no need to root (personally). This kind of stuff starts to make rooting unpleasant. I already can't use fingerprint auth in my banking app any more because root. Jesús Cuenca They do. I used rooms for like 8 years maybe? And a lot of the "new features" always come of the rom or root comunity. Right now i use roms, but not root. Marcelove I'm trying to stay indoors, but is complicate... Greenify for example, works at no root devices nowadays... But is way better with root and Xposed... Doze can't compare against Greenify... Maybe at version number 20 root wouldn't be necessary... Sandeep Raghuraman What about the version downloaded from Amazon app store though? Does that work fine? TwoBit Gary It worked, but it is old version without show downloads. Go to apkmirror oculairmedia Interesting move. I flashed a custom ROM on my Nexus 6 because stock was so slow that it was getting unusable, but screw me right ? Atoqir In my country lots of stuff doesn't work on unrooted devices. My bank app, payment app and local cable TV and digicorder app all stopped working. Also s-health doesn't work anymore and soon Netflix. Time to unroot Marcelove "Time to unroot" Sheep. Richard Markert Rooting is insecure. You don't need to access the system partition except to break things. Benjamin Walburn If that were the case then this wouldn't be an issue. Nobody is looking to break their phone. Richard Markert Few people I've talked to online know what they're doing when it comes to root. Most of those end up breaking things. Rooting is far too easy and probably shouldn't exist at all. Benjamin Walburn You could say the same about anything, not just modification of phones. Maybe you shouldn't own a car if you can't fix it yourself, or have kids if you aren't a doctor. Rooting isn't easy, it's made easy by the hard work of other people. It's not up to you what other people do with their property, you have no right to say that they shouldn't. And if someone breaks their phone, what does it have to do with you? It's their hobby and their phone. You're not their daddy. senoredusty Or use Magisk DJMix No need. You could use magisk su hide for the moment. it still passes the safetynet. I too use a banking app that cannot be used on normal root proocess faceless128 "please stop giving us money and use Kodi instead" Sounds like a great business plan! JD For the sake of Kodi's developers don't say Kodi in that context. ericshmerick Hrmm, every time I hear Kodi, I think of pirated content. Guess when people are like "I use Kodi for my 30TB media collection" I stop and wonder how... Yes, ripping a lifetime of DVDs, but nah. Probably piracy. C64 I know a few how really use it legally Powsniffer0110 Yea I use it legally 95% of the time. ErectBipedal nah man, I use Kodi to browse my 30TB of linux isos. Totally legit I swear. Chazz Matthews Torrents are legal too. Just depends on the content. Mike Honestly though, if pirate add-ons wern't available on kodi, 98% of the people using it now would not have even heard of it before. Even bad publicity is good publicity. They are not going to publicly come out and say it, but the add-on's are the only reason they're well known. Andy Roid But kodi makes piracy so easy! Blian Oh god, please stop. Nobody is using Kodi for their DVD rips. Railwayman I rather say Fusion and Exodus et al instead since Kodi is... Kodi and you have to install what you want. The Netflix business plan is for her more people on Exodus, Phoenix and SALTS - not to mention Terrarium TV and MovieBox as well. Kevin Strident Kodi is open source. If Kodi stops wanting to be as useful as it is now, someone will fork it and keep it doing what its users enjoy. cbstryker Kodi is just an open source media player. To watch any pirated content you either need to download it or install an unaffiliated plugin that streams from pirated sources. C64 Next kodi wil have drm build in. So people have to use forks. I stopped using kodi since i found Teranium TV. cbstryker That makes zero sense. Kodi's reason for existing would stop. C64 That's BS my friend, Kodi (xbmc) has started on the original xbox and was made and used as a media player My1 actually it depends on how the build the DRM, if it's made to be only active when you are for example streaming netflix and does nothing for local content, which for sure can be legal (e.g. ripping DVDs in finland is no problem because CSS is not considered an "effective" protection method ever since 2007) although if the DRM would be everywhere it wouldnt be funny. Justin D Same...but with Plex and something else >.> Dany Lol I know right? I was using Kodi more than Netflix anyway so... Dmitry Stepanushkin Xposed + RootCloak or something similar will do it for most of apps for those who need root. So I think not a big problem. Abhishek Saral Not a big problem but a big annoyance. tehboogieman Hmm, rootcloak isn't working for me with netflix m477 No, it won't work. Safetynet always fails if you have closed activated, or if you just have an unlocked bootloader. Sometimes even by just having adb debugging turned on. My1 debugging is a joke right? If it's not WHAT ARE THEY DOING? I mean debugging is a core part of developing and any developer probably has it active m477 I've only seen it working like that once, so it might be an isolated case. Kan☆n MagiskSU and its manager app comes with a very good hider built-in. No Xposed needed. h4rr4r Beyond pointless. Netflix won by being easier than piracy, this threatens to turn back the clock on that. Lexster These companies don't seem to get that most people pirate because it's easier/cheaper than buying what they want. Yes, it's wrong, whatever, the point is streaming services made it easier for people, which outweighed the hassle of pirating it. You're right, this kind of thing is what will get people to start doing it again more. BobButtons If I can't use Netflix on my rooted phone, it's Netflix that'll go, not the root. They're encouraging piracy. Actually l like bezels Why? What do you get with root? BobButtons Primarily for system level ad-blocking. None of the non-root options can even compare. I refuse to allow ads when they have the ability to fill the entire screen and vibrate the phone. Even with being able to block ads, I still purchase the ad-free option of apps I support. Matthew Wilson Updates. Security updates. YaKillaCJ Exactly. Screw it, I only have Netflix for convenience. This will also have negative impact on many devices and average consumers even if they never unlock or root. A lot don't have Google certification, such as upcoming OEMs. Then theirs beta roms like Xiaomi and OnePlus that run awesome. Marcelove Funny thing: I was about to become a subscriber of Netflix after seeing House of Cards by PirateBay but now through the official channel because I thought that Netflix deserved my money... Look : deservED... But this movie will keep me at PirateBay... Funny thing 2: I have a Moto G5 that I could unlock and root and I didn't it just because I wanna see how things are nowadays without root... And I use a lot of apps that would work better with root (Greenify for example)... So I would be able to use Netflix... And I won't and will stay that way only because this douchebag move... Congratulations Netflix... Funny thing 3: So happy that I waited till House of Cards release to become a subscriber... Netflix should learn something from Frank Underwood... And from Blockbuster... tim242 Yeah, sure you were. Once a thief, always a thief. koiulpoi This is the most untrue statement I've read on this website. Thomas Elephants can fly 天地人 http://gadling.com/2012/06/10/airline-transports-herd-of-african-elephants-photos/ koiulpoi Nice! You matched it. 天地人 Yes, because illegally pirating from huge corperations which constantly attempt to and successfully brainwash people into agenda using various tricks, is somehow bad? You're not supporting the creators of the show, sure. But you're also not supporting the 6 Jewish companies that control 90% of American media. Anyways, with your little money you wouldn't be benefitting anybody. Do you honestly think those Jewish companies are dying to get a hold of your $120 you payed for Netflix this year? Probably not. The creators of the show, are well off anyways. Don't companies pay them to have their content on their platform and pay for their production cost and wages? Then; they've already been payed. I'm not endorsing piracy. It isn't the best thing to do, but I think calling people a "thief" and grouping them with people who have actually stolen things off individuals which mean a lot to the individual and murdered some individuals in the process, is just stupid. It's not the same as 'stealing' bits of 1s and 0s. Again, I'm not endorsing piracy, however there are a lot of good reasons to pirate movies and TV shows. Paul Sterling You're a thief. People leave their families for months to give you works of art. Games, movies, music. You can't throw them a few bucks? I'm legit, always will be. Also, tax helps everyone. Your wall of text is just trying to convince yourself, thief. 天地人 Nope. A thief is different from a pirate, besides, they've already been payed. And I was talking about TV shows and movies, but you're too dense to realise it. jj14x Not the same. If I spend time writing code for software, and decide to sell a monthly license instead of a perpetual license, that is my choice. Your choice should be to either subscribe to the monthly license, or to find a competitor software to use instead. Choosing to bypass the licensing checks makes you a thief (taking something without the owner's permission makes you a thief). And same logic applies to TV shows/movies. If you want to own the movie and watch it whenever you want it, BUY it. "illegally pirating from huge corperations which constantly attempt to and successfully brainwash people into agenda using various tricks, is somehow bad?"<-- YES - it is still illegal. Just because somebody stole your car doesn't mean you can go and steal that person's car in retaliation. There are laws and procedures on how to handle that. STDog Illegal != bad, legal != good. Thousands of unjust laws have been passed. They made actions illegal that were not bad. My1 well yeah if you actually bypass the thing you are a pirate (not a thief because stealing != illegal copy) but branding people pirates and making the software refuse if something that MIGHT be used for piracy is on the device isnt not better. 天地人 Theft is when I take your bike and it's gone and you do not have a bike anymore. When I pirate, are you losing your software or your right to sell your software? Plus, if you actually developed software, I'd probably pay for it since you aren't some big corporation. Richard Markert It's trickle-down, man. Think about if everybody thought like you. Netflix has 100 million subs and each pay at the minimum $107/yr and that's 10.7 billion. Now if that 10.7 billion were wiped out in an instant, how is Netflix going to make new shows or seasons of existing shows? It's the same with the rest of the content creation business. You and me, we're just a drop in the bucket when it comes to their revenue, but instead of scooping it out a spoonful at a time while adding water by the cup, somebody dumped the bucket over, there would be no money left to pay the content creators before content is even made. 天地人 Of course it depends on what you're watching. The same ideology cannot be applied to everything. Railwayman I guess you like DRM and proprietary vendor lock in? The only moral of the story is: Pay for legit services then and watch posted content - the creators get paid and you get proper content without restrictions. The day the industry realize that DRM, geo blocking and so forth are counter productive will be historic. My1 well I would and I do give my money for legal media consumption when possible but when some things have region locks, meaning I cant import them or other stupid Ideas like Netflix not doing rooted devices, I certainly wouldnt like giving money for something I cant use. My1 not really. I have streamed and/or downloaded stuff in the past (coz not available here) just to buy their blurays years after when it finally came to germany Fedup Love my Moto G5 Plus. Best phone I've had so far - and that's coming from a number of Samsung flagship phones. It's so much snappier and the battery life is insane. I waited a full 48 hours before caving and unlocking/rooting. Haven't looked back. I hate ads, and w/o root, you can't miracast to anything other than chromecast. Trysta Noticed this a little while ago. The crazy thing is I'm not even rooted or interested in any mods. I needed to sideload the latest version 7.1.2 because my RMA Nexus 6p refused to update on its own. I'm keeping the bootloader unlocked so I can recover if my phone boot loops. I rarely use Netflix on my phone but this is kind of annoying. I suspect this has something to do with offline movie watching (which is amazing). jj14x You don't need to unlock bootloader to sideload the full OTA images that Google publishes on their website. Tim Harman But you do need it to recover in your phone bootloops, as he said. jj14x True, but by that logic, everyone should keep their phone's bootloader unlocked all the time (because a bootloop, in theory, could happen to anyone/anytime) - not just when flashing a factory image. My1 but doesnt the actual unlock wipe everything? EowynCarter You don't ? Had to when installing a developper preview. Then I left it that way, so I won't be locked out in case of boot loop. TedPhillips or when you have some random block on disk get corrupted, ala nexus 9. ilovetesla Dumbest blocking I've ever heard Bruce Wayne I stopped rooting ages ago. Android has gotten so good that I don't need it anymore. Muzzy996 Good for you! Not everyone feels the same though, I know I sure don't. Tasker, Adaway, Greenify, Titanium, Substratum and GMD Gesture Controls are all more important to me than Netflix. The day Netflix stops working on my rooted devices (which are what I watch it on, not my TV) is the day I'll cancel my service. No big loss compared to losing root. Richard Markert Tasker is interesting but never felt the need for it. Adaway, titanium are both irrelevant on my S7, I despise gestures beyond simple swiping in the Cardinal directions, and if stock Android is so perfect why do you need to theme it? C64 I have a s7 edge and the stockrom is full of bloatware from Microsoft, Sansung and Google. More than 20 useless apps are included. So yes the s7 needed root. tim242 Wrong. Package Disabler, no root required. Richard Markert No, it doesn't. Everything not necessary for function is disableable. C64 You can't disable everything Muzzy996 Never said android is perfect, if it was there wouldn't be any competition in the market or users such as myself who feel the need to customize Android. Root is not something I push onto others, its just something that I want on my devices and I make choices about what services I use or devices I purchase based upon my ability to do it. Railwayman I take that you like ads, then? Using a non-rooted Samsung without Taller would be like using a feature phone again but with ads. Having an automated device without ads and bloat is certainly a basic requirement to me. Richard Markert Adhell and Disconnect pro. What's an ad? Railwayman I don't see any ads on my Ericsson GF388 either. Don't have to install a single piece of software in order to get there. Ericsson win, Samsung loose.:) Your Samsung still has Google ad services and so forth running even if you are blocking them on the "non root level". My devices are completely ad free with Google ads disabled system wide and in all apps. Samsung loose every time even if their followers are trying to find different "non root methods" to "solve" things that other devices do without any issues due to... root. kostas110 maybe if you use some 500+ euro smartphone from 2016-2017 something that not everyone can do C64 I disagree, Android is one big advertising if you don't use root. Apps have ads (not every app has a pro version), internet browsing sucks without Adaway (build in ad blockers in browsers aren't great), YouTube really sucks if it isn't modded (watch a 30 second ad for a 3 minute movie). And devices are full of bloatware that can't be removed without root. Even the Google stuff are bloatware (kiosk, movies,music,books etc). I also like to remove alot of system apps and replace them with my own apps that i prefer (file manager, agenda, email, music/ video player) and i really hate duplicate apps on my devices. Also Titanium Backup is important to me. So Android​ without root isn't Android for me. jetscreamer01 I use adguard to block stupid ads in my apps. Now using any commercial apps is enjoyable. Richard Markert Samsung's Internet has the Adblock extension and it literally blocks everything. I also use Disconnect Pro and Adhell for system-wide ad blocking. Titanium Backup I never really used even back when I was rooting phones - it has been replaced 100% by Smart Switch. But then, I haven't needed to restore a backup (except for switching devices) in years, probably because I don't run janky community junkroms. Muzzy996 The only reason you feel that Smart Switch completely replaces Titanium is because you never used other features of Titanium that go beyond what Smart Switch is intended for. Things like shortcuts to freeze/defrost apps, multiple version backups or market management are useful to some even if they're on rooted stock OEM ROMs. They're not must haves for the masses though but some of us do appreciate their usefulness. Cyber_Akuma I hate this response. If anything, I have found far more reasons to root than ever before. Being able to create a backup image and install security/tracking software tat can't just be wiped/uninstalled easily is a big one for example. Captain_Invisible But you don't even need to root to get blocked. Just using a custom ROM or having an unlocked bootloader triggers it.. DJMix I really couldn't understand these kind of stupid moves. I mean I kinda get for an Android Pay or some banking apps to implement these limitations. But seriously, a frickin' streaming app? Afraid they're gonna get pirated? For someone who's going to pirate, they probably could just probably reverse engineer the apk and remove the limitations or basically use older apps. Do they really have some idle engineers that they're forced to implement useless feature? ddevito Guess I'll just pirate it all soon. Their loss. JD Fuck Android If OEMs would fucking provide updates for 5 years I wouldn't need to unlock my bootloader. I'm out. I'll come back when Google fixes this shit. Also fuck Netflix. Back to pirating it is. Christopher Bement My app stopped working on my N7 when I sideloaded 5.0. Got an error when trying to play anything. I went and dropped it back to stock on the latest patch and relocked the bootloader. All working fine now. Too fucking bad, Nougat is fantastic on that device, leaps and bounds better than Marshmallow. tehboogieman Which ROM and which N7 do you have? I still have the stock ROM on my 2013 N7 LTE and have been procrastinating loading an N ROM on it Christopher Bement 2013 LTE version and I was using Nitrogen OS (fantastic and stable ROM). I am now on the latest Marshmallow just so that Netflix will work. tehboogieman As long as I can side load it and sign in I'm still ok. It's a pain, but I'd live with that. But if NF blocks root users from signing in, I'm definitely cancelling and just use one of the very easy pirate apps. Fedup As long as you can side load... Sure. But going from "hidden app in the Play store" to "sideloaded app won't run" is probably on the menu. Wayne Randall I just signed up for Netflix so I could cancel it. I'm part of the group. tim242 You paid them... Richard Markert Hahahahahaha I don't even use Netflix on my phone (screen is too small) so I don't care. But man, the tears and butthurt from the root community is hilarious. Benjamin Walburn You're a very petty child. Richard Markert When something makes me laugh, I point it out. I do that even have a dog in this hunt. I only watch Netflix on my 75" LED TV. I'm just tired of root users smugness. Almost as smug as apple users. Benjamin Walburn You're tired of people being smug in their hobbies, so you gloat about the problems inflicted on them pointlessly? Petty and a hypocrite. Richard Markert What else am I supposed to do to remove the smugness? My name is…. Get a life maybe? Benjamin Walburn Why should you? Is another person's happiness really that painful for you? You already know that they accomplished nothing more than "successfully followed instructions." It seems like your purpose would be better served by targeting that, not just being a jerk. Humbling them is one thing, being an ass is another entirely. tim242 You sound like the petty child. Stomp your foot, becauseyou don't get your way. Benjamin Walburn Not only am I not doing that, I'm not not getting my way, and "stomping​ my foot" is not an example of pettiness. Your wrongness-density is impressive. My name is…. Who beat you as a child? Richard Markert Lol koiulpoi You're on androidpolice.com... making fun of the root community... and unable to see past the end of your nose... Don't you have anything better to do? Richard Markert Actually, no. I read Android police because they have the best coverage of software. koiulpoi I didn't realize I replied to you twice. You're all over this article, with really, nothing better to do, huh? Richard Markert Yeah, I'm bored. I'm probably done stirring shit up anyway, today is water change day on my fish tanks. lomsha Tard Railwayman Are you one of those Samsung Apologists that argue against root and proudly tell everyone about the perfection known as Grace UX... just to install Package Dsabler Pro because... something disturb all "perfectness" of their system? Trying to be an "anti-social elitist" is like proudly use Simple Finder on a Mac and tell everyone that you don't need the regular Finder.;) Richard Markert I use Samsung, but only because it offers the best mix of software and hardware for me. And package disablers are garbage. Railwayman I avoid Samsung like a plague because of Knox 0x1 Warranty Void, Grace UX (TW...) and pretty ugly hardware not to mention the software design, which looks like a cheap toy, both colors, design and all S-This and S-That they preinstall. Don't forget DT Ignite so the carriers can add their share. It is always amusing when the Samsung Apologist proudly claim how good it is to live without root and how "mature Android has become" when they are talking about a heavily modified fork of it. If Samsung could replace Google Play with Galaxy Apps, they would. The only thing restricting them from further modification is the CTS in order to be able to use Play. An unrooted Samsung running Grace? It would be like having a feature phone again. Way too many annoyances and no way of making it more pleasurable since the whole thing is... Samsung. The only area where there are some reminiscence of Android is under the About box. Samsung is a disgrace not to mention a complete parody on the concept of an Android device. Not to mention their followers who recently "spotted" the bezel less display (introduced by Sharp and LG followed by Xiaomi) because... the S 8 got it AND suddenly made it a "requirement". The most kind thing I can say about that brand is this: Samsung is for the Android device and platform what McDonald's is for the thing called food.;) There are way better devices available. Buying a Samsung is like getting a Big Mac (the difference is that the Big Mac buyers doesn't claim its superiority - while Samsung buyers always try to claim how "superior" their devices are). Richard Markert Everything in your first paragraph is purely subjective. I find the design of the Pixel to be ugly, boring and derivative. AOSP design language doesn't appeal to me. I also think Samsung's software suite is better than Google's. My 935U doesn't have DTIgnite, but my 935V does...as does the Verizon branded V20, Moto Turbo2, etc. DTIgnite is a Verizon thing. Bezel less phones are sexy, for sure. That Sharp device was a Sharp device, and the Xiaomi has a CDMA radio so I could use it on Verizon , but just can't justify buying a thousand dollar device from China. It is stupidly gorgeous though. I use Samsung because I like the software design. I like the functionality of the base is and apps, and I like the S-app suite. I really miss my Note 7, and I'll be swapping up to a Note 8 when it's out. Don't get me wrong, Samsung phones have their negatives - chief among them is the fragile design and the screen edge touch rejection sucks ass. But for me, the positives outweigh the negatives. Other phones have bigger negatives for me. No IP68, no uSD card, no wireless charging, no SAMOLED display. Phone preference are always subjective. Somebody will always have a reason to pick one over another. Tell me, if Samsung is a "parody" of the concept of an Android device, what is your description of the perfect Android device? I'm guessing it's the Pixel. Railwayman Pixel is an ugly iPhone clone. The best Android device so far would be something like a Xiaomi Mi Mix running Resurrection Remix or similar ROM or something like a Mi Max but with perfection added through a Snapdragon 835, 256GB storage plus microSDand 6-8GB RAM paired with a 1440p 6.44" display or even 4K. 5000-6000 mAh battery. My Xiaomi Mi Max is excellent but would be even better with the aforementioned hardware (I can't fault is existing hardware but I am taking about a new model). A keyboard flipcover would be a great accessory as well. There are no device yet worthy of the perfect moniker yet but my Max is the best thing so far in my collection beside the Nokia Communicators and HTC TP2 and HD2 and also the Xperia Z Ultra when I do the holistic judgment. IP68? Sony all the way to me if I really insist. MicroSD? No need for a Samsung in order to get it. Yes, Samsung is a kind of a parody of an Android device die to their heavy modifications, restrictive policies, low price /performance ratio, carrier branding and Knox 0x1 Warranty Void. The upcoming OnePlus 5 looks promising - they usually get their things right. MicroSD on that one as well.;) If Samsung make a device without any BS such as restrictions, carrier links paired with good price / performance ratio I would be interested. Let's call it a Note Pro. What I don't like with Samsung are all Apologists making excuses for their policies. I have nothing against them as a company or production. They can make excellent products but their policies stop them right now. It is too much McDonald's mainstream and too little class at this time. Carrier devices are typically too mainstream than the unlocked ones. My1 well knox flag is annoying but I honestly like my Galaxy Note 4 which is the last good Samsung in my opinion becase anything later either doesnt have microSD, doesnt have a swappable batter or doesnt have both (Galaxy S6 for example) but these are 2 very important things and I really like some parts of the samsung rom, although a lot of other parts (e.g. the launcher) are junk and get replaced instantly, also root makes the thing work as I want. and well many non samsung devices use the on-screen navigation bar, one thing I despise after having a horrible experience on my tablet. and (at least outside of samsung) the fiun goes on with removing the headphone jack which is something on my absolute instant KO list for phones. I dont see the point of a digital sound connection on a phone because sound itself is analog by definition and I think the DAC in a multi-hundred euro device is better than in some cheap headphones. and not to forget the features. samsung had many features WAY earlier than AOSP did, which certainly doesnt make it so much better at least from this viewpoint, although aosp is certainly getting better with every version. but even though I like my note 4 I must say that it is by no means perfect. everything is better and worse than others if you put the right requirements in. MadMartigan What are are you, seven? me me A primary reason to root is to run adblock because Google is way too greedy. So the irony, Google's greed means there's less reason to pay for NetFlix. Let me guess... shall we? Google Play Movies still works right...? Oh yes, so long as Google makes their money.... tim242 I block ads with Adguard. No root required. Mike | Homeless On Wheels People still use Netflix? Bit Torrent is your friend. dizel123 Exactly. Everyone should stop using Netflix. Not sure how I'm gonna get the shows i currently watch on Netflix from bit torrent since they won't be made anymore once Netflix is shut down, but at least I'll have my bit torrent friend tim242 Some people like to do things properly. Railwayman You mean - Do it with DRM? You can't buy whatever device you want because a content provider disagree. You can't use the system you want because a content provider disagree. You can't use the app you want because a content provider disagree. I need a lot of apps, ads and limitations for the so called "proper way" . The "improper way" is Samsung free, ad free and bloat free - and I don't need several apps because I have just one or two streaming apps, one media player, one book reader and so on. Fast and efficient system to boot. I think I prefer to do things "improperly". Richard Markert >The "improper way" is Samsung free, ad free and bloat free - and I don't need several apps because I have just one or two streaming apps, one media player, one book reader and so on. Fast and efficient system to boot. *sigh* I bet you think deleting the APKs from /system actually gives you more space in /data, too. Railwayman Perhaps you can tell me the benefit of having Kindle, Kobo and Nook instead of MoonReader for everything. The benefits of having an uprooted system, Netflix, Hulu and a couple of apps for different cable services instead of having just one media center would also be interesting to know more about. When we are at it: Why would I want to use a 3GB+ Samsung ROM when Resurrection Remix are 600 MB and the G-Apps around 340 MB? Richard Markert I dont use any of those. Phones are too small for media consumption. I don't have any video streaming or playback apps on my phone. Nor do I have book readers, but why wouldnt I want Kindle? It's the only way to access the Amazon library... Oh wait, I forgot, you do that believe in compensating content creators. Resurrection remix, really? If I put that on my S7 edge, I'd be wiping out half the hardware's capabilities in one blow. No Samsung pay, no edge panels, no pro mode camera, no AOD, no game tools, no GearVR. And im sure none of the little things I've come to expect in my UI, like direct calling and sliding a contact to call/txt. But I can move the clock to the other side of the notification shade, woohoo! Oh and does the installer for RR rom repartition the file system? Because if not, /system will still be 3gb, not 600mb. And on top of that, I'm immediately reminded of iOS when I looked at their screenshots. Railwayman So RR looks like iOS? Interesting. It looks like Android with Material Design on my device. I buy Kindle books but send them through a plug-in since the Kindle app pretty much suck in comparison with MoonReader. Sometimes I also buy from Google Play Books and it is also a trip through the plug-in for them and then into the MoonReader library. You see - DRM is a stupidity that must go way unless they create a device wide scheme so any app can authenticate and show or play back the content. I understand that Samsung phones are too small for media consumption. A 6.44-7 inch display is different - it works comfortably without the heft of a 10-12 inch tablet. Small displays below 6-6.3 inches are just too small. So your listed features of your Samsung are hardware? They certainly sound like software to me. Or do you seriously believe that Samsung use co-processors in their device like Commodore did on the Amiga? I can assure you that your Samsung contain standard hardware with a lot of subcontracted components, especially in the US market where they even use Qualcomm CPUs. Samsung Pay? Why would I use an OEM dependent payment system? My credit cards follow a standard, why should I pick myself into a specific device OEM just to pay? It makes no sense. It is like having a car that only runs on Citgo gas or a 4" Visa card requiring different terminals than my 4.5" MasterCard. Mobile payments will be a thing when a standard are in place. Payment systems requiring me to lock myself into a specific OEM just suck. Edge panels? Don't see the need. Don't like Edge displays with their optical side effects. Flat display or just slight roundness on the edges like the BlackBerry PRIV here. Pro Mode Camera? I prefer to have the Open Camera API so any app can get RAW from the sensor and do their thing rather than locking myself into the default camera app. I prefer Camera FV-5 or A Better Camera etc. The Snap Camera is good too. Always on display? Can set it up on my device but don't see the need when there are things such as Active Display and a lot of other options. Game tools? I don't see any problems with gaming on other Android versions so I just don't see what Samsung can add in this regard. Gear VR? Why would I want to strap my device to my face when there are dedicated VR headsets available for gaming consoles and computers? I certainly prefer to have a full headset rather than using my device as one. Call features? They could be good but carrier calling is old fashioned. I use Google Voice instead and wouldn't consider going back to carrier talk and text. Don't see any benefit with having a phone number tied to a carrier of SIM card. Having more than one for different purposes on the same device without SIM dependency is the modern way. I don't know if RR repartition Samsung devices so you have to check XDA. That brand is probably the worst when it comes to ROMs anyway and a lot of my dislike of them are related to that particular issue. Samsung is nothing more than the Big Mac of Android devices and no Gear VR or Samsung Pay (it is like having a McDonald's Pay) really change anything. A mainstream device with mainstream design with too many round edges and corners not to say fragile, batteries that wear out fast due to lower quality and fast charge (which stresses the cells heavily), a software design looking "something" , bloat ware, carrier BS such as bloat ware and also the price model, Knox and root/ROM restrictions, locked bootloadern - the list goes on and on. Mainstream degenerated art is what Samsung represents. But I know the existence of people who don't believe in freedom of choice other than the freedom of buying their Samsung from their carrier and then happily oblige and reduction imposed to them all the way down to the SIM card dependent phone number and roaming charges when they travel.;) They also consider Samsung Pay to be the best thing ever - a payment system that only work on a particular OEM. It really is like a car that require Citgo gas and is unable to run on Exxon or Esso fuel. Samsung just are the Big Mac of Android devices. There are just nothing "classy" over such a carrier mainstream brand. If you want to know what luxury are? Look at Vertu. Richard Markert A 7" device is too small. My tablets start at 10" minimum , and go to 12" maximum. Content consumption is unpleasant on anything smaller, and I barely watch anything on a display smaller than one of my 24" computer displays. Yes, you're right almost all of them are software features, but they are locked out when you put a junkrom on there. And Samsung Pay? Well, call me when Android Pay is compatible with magstripe readers. My bank still doesn't support Android Pay that I know of, either. GearVR. How shall I put this? Computer VR is currently overpriced - unless you want to go ahead and buy me a $600 headset, a pair of controllers @ $130 each, AND you still need to buy me a $1400 PC to run VR titles at an acceptable framerate, because while my laptop can still run AAA titles at high framerates and 1080p, it can't do VR that good. My GearVR cost me $50, it's a convenience thing, every VR title is locked 60fps, the graphics are "good enough" and I can even take calls from VR with my Bluetooth headphones. I don't care about Google Voice. Or any sort of data-based calling. US data networks are still too unstable and limited. I am pretty much guaranteed to be able to make a call anywhere I can see at least the tiniest bit of 1x signal, but if the data network is gone, or you used all your gigabytes, you can't make calls anymore on your preferred number. A lot of these things you say you simply "don't need" them, and that's how I feel about root. And about pretty much everything you care about. I don't do ebooks, I don't do movies or tv, I barely play basic games. I do listen to a LOT of music though, and yes a lot of it was stolen from when I was younger and stupider and didn't understand that without compensation there will be no content. Oh, and BTW, Knox is a good thing. It's how I have system-wide ad blocking without rooting, and how I can have my Secure Folder. You seriously think Vertu phones are luxury? Classy even! Vertu are tacky, garish and gaudy. "Look at how much money I have." Nothing classy about that ugly diamond-crusted turd. Look, I really don't care what your choices are. I'm glad you have the choice to find a device that makes you happy. But you seriously need to stop acting like your choice is the only choice. It's not. And I hope to god it never will be, because at that point, Android will no longer be a platform that fits my needs and I might as well go to Apple. Because you see, what fits my needs, is a device that provides me with everything I have, out of the box, without having to modify it. Samsung does that. They give me everything I want, and nothing I don't. And when the Note 8 comes out, the S-Pen is going to blast it so far ahead that there simply won't be any other phone in the running, not even the S9. I would still have my Note 7 if they would let me. Railwayman Good that you have your Samsung. Also great that you have your 10-12 inch tablets. I assume you bring them everywhere? Very is easy more elegant than a Samsung. It doesn't mean they are the best but way better looking than a Galaxy 8, which I have been tried and I just don't see any reason to get it because of the way Samsung design things. You like to be locked down to a carrier. Google Voice work perfectly well here without any network problems. If the network coverage is so bad that modern services doesn't work I rather jump to a satellite provider if I really need the ability to call from the middle of nowhere. I wouldn't get VZW and eliminate my device choice site to them being very restrictive about what I am allowed to use. Having a carrier dependent phone number is very... 1996. I just don't accept such a limitation - especially not the thing called roaming. I just switch my SIM card to a local one and continue to receive calls as usual. The beauty of GV. If you think iOS is the way to go if Grace UX would disappear I think you should get the iPhone then. It seems like out of the box is the most important aspect. I just don't know any device that has an out of the box experience even close to my requirements. Samsung is certainly furthest way from them. I just dislike their devices because of their design, software, carrier affiliation and serious restrictions. They just feel like a budget device full of carrier advertisement and bloatware. Richard Markert I disagree with you in every possible way. Yes, I do take at least my Surface 3 almost everywhere. My Z10 LTE goes when I'll want to play games or watch Netflix on a tiny screen with crappy headphones. Vertu: You say elegant, I say gaudy, tacky, trashy and fucking ugly, like most things marketed to people with more money than God and less sense than a cricket. I don't know where you live, work, play or travel, but many times a year I'm driving in places, especially the highways, that will have no data coverage. It's that simple. All your google voice hijinks mean nothing when you have -100 dBm of 1x and the mobile data network is completely unavailable. I can still make and receive calls at that point, because Verizon, but you're shit out of luck because you only give people your GV (interface is barf, btw) number. Oh, and for the record, I just flashed the US Unlocked FW to my S8, so now I have no Verizon junkware or restrictions, like my S7e before it. And yes, at this point in my life, I'm sick and tired of having to do the software developers' job for them. When I was younger I found all that rom cooking, kernel coding, smali editing, adb pushing, su manipulating stuff fun and exciting, but now all I want is a phone with the features that I want that Just Works OOB. I also feel the way you do about stock android. It's design, included software, limitations and style are not appealing. And every phone is "a carrier advertisement", and has always been that way. Until the S8, every phone came with a carrier logo if you bought from a carrier. I get what you want from a phone, I really do. You want a basic device with no features that you can add onto to do what you want. But man, you gotta stop acting like you're the Westboro Baptist Church and Samsung is the homosexual community. Railwayman Samsung is not the homosexual community, right. They are the mainstream community where everyone eat at McDonald's.:) The homosexual community is more about being different rather than following the mainstream, i.e. the opposite of Samsung (it is hard to be more Average Joe adjusted than they are...). The day I really want coverage in "every possible place" is the day I get myself a satellite phone, especially if I am to drive in remote land where I can't rely on decent carrier coverage. Your attempts to put down Google Voice is amusing. Verizon are going to shut down their CDMA network and HTC U11 is already out, with support for their LTE but not the old fashioned thing also known as 1X.:) It is also amusing that you argue that hard against vanilla Android. Did you ever consider iOS or Windows Phone? If I would dislike vanilla that much, down to a dislike for Material Design I would switch platform immediately. If I don't like the system the way its creator intended it then perhaps it isn't for me and I switch. Relying on some third party OEM to "modify it to my liking" is a bit naive. A Samsung has something that is an "Android based OS" very much like Nokia X/XL had the Android based "Nokia Software Platform". I also notice your misconception about how other devices work. My device runs perfectly well. It just... works. It has a lot of features not present on a Samsung (yes, I have used the S 8/Plus), consume 0.1% per hour in standby, provide me 12-13 hours SOT and simply do more things than any "out-of-the-box Samsung" does and do them well. Samsung make pretty simple devices, with ill designed software full of bloatware and "added value" applications and services reducing performance and increase power consumption. I would say bling. Then we have other devices offering more useful features, higher performance, lower power consumption, more elegant design and so on. What they don't offer is the marketing known as Samsung. It's a good thing, actually - it leads to better value for money. BTW, Google Voice is simply a vastly superior service compared to VZW. You can start travel (out of the US) or trying to get your texts synced into your Google account with your carrier based service... Bragging about 1X is like bragging about EDGE coverage in... 2017. "My carrier is better than yours because I have 1X service on the soon-to-be-gone CDMA network on my Samsung and it makes it so much better than using modern IP based services! I am truly modern with my Samsung! My phone number is also controlled by my carrier and I must pay roaming when I travel, which is great - more money to Verizon! Much, much better than using GV on a data plan!" The day I need "coverage out in the nowhere land" I either get the satellite phone or some burner for that very purpose (it's a case of simply routing the GV calls to that thing). I know since before that modern communication services are a bit alien to proud owners of carrier branded Samsung devices. It is hard to think outside the box - much easier to just use Samsung with branding and everything.:) Good luck with your Samsung. Consider an iPhone next time. Apple has a new one coming and it can give you some taste of what being unlocked means (buy it from Apple Store). I think it can be enlightening, especially if you try the Genius Bar as well (i.e. better service than Samsung could ever offer through the carriers). Richard Markert I get it, you're a Google and Stock Android zealot. I read maybe 3 words of your damn novel. I do want you to answer this question without a dissertation And 500 page thesis: what are you going to do when you're in the middle of nowhere in a dead sport for data and your car breaks down? derp_cookies So I agree this is a dumb move but everyone is overreacting by threatening to pirate content. This is a niche problem as less people root now, especially since Android pay won't work when you do it. So Netflix isn't any less accessible than it was before. I watch 99% of Netflix at home on my Roku. Luxferro It's not just rooting. My Nexus 6P is running stock google rom, no root, w/ just unlocked bootloader, and netflix is gone in my play store. Not that I watch TV on my phone... but my shield tv is also unlocked... so it's probably just a matter of time. Roh_Mish Dammit Netflix, you make me want to go popcorn time route. My current primary phone and my iPad are what I use to watch netflix and both of them is stock so i don't have anything to worry about but this just feels wrong. Between this and Amazon not releasing the TV app for my sony TV, which they support outside, popcorn time (and in extension piracy) just seems easier. Vivek Rameses This is why we have piracy. Miguel Angel But ...why? occono Distributors want Netflix to stop any possibility of making DRM-Free backups on the content. Railwayman Good luck with that. If it can be played, it can be recorded. As long as the Netflix content is visible somewhere a copy can be recorded so again, good luck with blocking. Mariano Moreira Even more strange is while Netflix app is removed from Playstore, Netflix VR is still.in Playstore. Manually flashing Factory Image for Google Pixel is how I get me OS updates and I choose to leave bootloader unlocked, rather than relocking every month.(which would include full wipe) So I guess they don't care about security for the few users whom might use Netflix VR with Daydream compatible device? tehboogieman I'm not familiar with the Pixel, but almost every Nexus device lets you lock without wiping all your data. Maybe that requires root though, I really don't understand the details on how it works, but hopefully you can find a way to do it. Mariano Moreira To clarify: In order for me to install Factory Image every month, I need to have Bootloader unlocked. Doing the Factory unlock will wipe the device. Locking the device doesn't wipe the device, but Factory unlocking the bootloader will wipe the device. tehboogieman Yeah, sorry I wasn't more specific. I use an app called BootUnlocker. It lets you lock and unlock the bootloader without wiping at will. Since an app can do this, I'm assuming that it can be done via ADB. Also it might only work on older devices, but maybe there's a way to replicate this action on newer devices as well Mariano Moreira I don't understand why Google is promoting Security by having the device fully-locked, yet still relies on ADB fastboot unlock/OEM Unlock commands to flash factory images? saf1927 Why are using factory images when Google provides OTA images too, and these don't require an unlocked bootloader, nor a wipe? Mariano Moreira I am using Factory Images because I can choose to only use Bootslot B this way. Bootslot A on this current Pixel and the 3 before it has the non-working mic and no working headphone jack issue. I hear the issue is resolved on newer handsets, but have not RMA'd this device yet. I need the microphone and headphone jack, so letting the phone do an OTA and move me to Bootslot A is no-go. *I have N2G47O installed on both Bootslot A and Bootslot B, currently. Only Bootslot A has the audio issue even thought the exact same Factory Image is installed. saf1927 Oh, wasn't aware of that. Did it affect all the old devices? I got mine at launch but haven't experienced the issues you describe. Is there a way to reproduce them? I normally either take the OTA or flash the OTA images via fastboot. Mariano Moreira Allegedly only 1% of devices (I just have bad luck, I suppose.) https://support.google.com/pixelphone/forum/AAAAb4-OgUsIW_gxTpXX3s/?hl=by I have posts around late November- early December on in that thread about mic/headphone jack issue My 1st device was fine until after the 2nd Update, but I had not diagnosed Bootslot A/B discrepancy. Wasn't until after 2nd Device (1st Replacement) that I have been able to always get Bootslot A to have faulty mic on my replacement devices. My Cousin and his girlfriend both have Pixel XLs. He had a dead Mic out of the box but currently neither his nor his Girlfriend's Pixel XL has mic issue. Even with forcing Bootslot A for a month of testing. I most likely have another faulty device, just this is my 4th Pixel from Google and everything is fine except Bootslot A. jdrch It's not just Netflix. The HDHomeRun Prime app doesn't work on rooted 7.0+ devices either. Jsilvermist Good to know, will no longer recommend Netflix to anyone when I'm asked... James F News flash: when you explain to most normal people why you don't recommend Netflix, they won't care, because it doesn't affect them. D13H4RD2L1V3 This is stupid. I had to root my phone to be able to hide the navbar at any time I want and also to gain better battery management controls and other stuff that I sorely wished Google had added to stock Android way sooner. And I was considering a Netflix subscription. No longer...... Sruly J I know it's not fully a solution which is "worth it", but the app Custom Navigation Bar offers the ability to hide status bar/narbar without root. Although like you said, you had other reasons to root, so... My1 yeah, I do root for theming and stuff, but srsly they literally are throwing oil in the Piracy and DRM discussions with this. Diar I pay for Netflix so I can watch the content any way I want guilt free, whether that's their app or other locations on the Internet. F their VPN blocking and DRM. If they make their app impossible to use, I just won't use it. They'll still get my money but they will lose any data/tracking since I'll still be watching their shows, just outside of their ecosystem. Dummies. ReedSolomon Between the SJW nonsense like Bill Nye, the ipv6 tunnel blocking (rather than simply defaulting to ipv4), increases in price, less and less quality content, and now this, I see little reason to keep paying for Netflix. robogo I understand Netflix' reasons, I really do - they need to protect their property and investment. But I can't really say I understand the way they're doing this. This is a good way to alienate the small percentage of power users who root their devices for various, but perfectly valid and understandable reasons. And no, this will not make me cancel my membership as long as the app works. Cancelling membership is a silly, overblown reaction to what is, in my mind, a minor nuisance. D13H4RD2L1V3 I personally just find it a dumb move. Seems like an easy way out. Dmitri Smirnov > perfectly valid and understandable reasons. And what reason would that be? Preventing people from ripping their content? Doesn't stop them in the slightest, root-detection in circumvented rather easily as well as safety net, we have PokemonGo to thank for that - a lot of people were motivated to crack it and they succeeded. > Cancelling membership is a silly, overblown reaction to what is, in my mind, a minor nuisance. Cancelling membership is valid form of feedback to the company, that trying to tell it's customers that they are not allowed to own their device that they paid their money for, if they want to watch a movie. robogo You misunderstood, it seems. A perfectly valid and understandable reason to root one's device would be, e.g. Xposed framework, theming support, tethering, backing up stuff with Titanium Backup, etc. Please read my comment once again. EowynCarter Well, if and when it stops working on my phone, what will be a major nuisance. robogo Agreed. I'll have to find another way then. But I'll deal with that when the time comes. Manbearpig I member when netflix released there app for Android and they did the same thing. I would just download the app and be good to go. After awhile though I stop rooting I miss it sometimes Cyber_Akuma I warned people when Pokemon GO of all things had a surprise update that silently added SafetyNet that this garbage was going to become more and more common. Mario RUN uses it too, and now Netflix.... soon apps everywhere are going to add SafetyNet and block rooted devices as standard practice. Google has been incredibly hostile towards people who actually want to own or have control over their devices or even their PC Software over the last few years. And over the last year google has been making SafetyNet more and more harsh, now even tripping if your BOOTLOADER is unlocked even if your phone is not rooted. Pokemon GO and Mario RUN were a small crowd, but I hope after Netflix of all things starts using it (and make no mistake, this is just the beginning) that people will finally push back against Google's hostility towards rooted users. EowynCarter Yeah. Or I might seriously consider going the iOS way. Though iOS would pose other problems. (Bye paylib) BillPosters I rooted my Android phone to get rid of the annoying camera shutter sound, and to prevent apps from stealing my contacts, and to basically take control of my device rather than letting Google run the whole show, and because of that I can't update Netflix? Good riddance Netflix. iKon I'm pretty sure you can go in the camera settings and take of the camera shutter sound?.... .. In some region-specific firmware versions or certain devices you can't do that. Railwayman There is a better solution: Declare the device a DRM free zone and use everything else. DRM to me is "Don't Restrict Me!" and an excellent reason to give certain companies the middle finger telling them to just go and F themselves. The most ironic thing here is that removing Netflix or using DRM otherwise doesn't stop piracy. On the contrary - By buying and using DRM content you get to travel in the cargo hold with no heating while the pirating consumer get first class service: more content, no restrictions, no copyright trailers or ads before the movie start and stop on. Even better: They can use whatever apps or ROMs they want. Would I unroot my device in order to get DRM content onboard? No way!!! If Netflix are so scared - block the client on Mac OS X and Windows et al. Piracy doesn't usually happen with an Android device as a source but rather computers and HDCP rippers. Another thing also to the DRM companies: Everything that can be played back can be recorded! (Good old piracy saying) Netflix out, Fusion with Exodus, SALTS and Phoenix in. Kodi with Rapier skin is much nicer than the Netflix client and Trakt integration make this way a much better one than going down the DRM route, sitting with an uprooted stock ROM and Netflix.;) TechJunkie198 ? netflix isn't scared. the studios require the drm. and netflix isn't concerned with the small percent of users who root their devices. Railwayman Doesn't matter. Go and enjoy your DRM services.;) DRM is a pest and that is why the pirating community offer a superior product. It is easier and more hassle free to just put Netflix where they belong and use Exodus et al or MovieBox or Terrarium TV and so on. To those who now consider unrooting because of Netflix: Just don't - use other services instead. Richard Markert So when everybody takes your advice and uses a service that doesn't compensate anybody in the content creation business, and all the high-quality media is gone, don't go crying about there being nothing good to steal anymore, k? Railwayman Even better: DRM and proprietary vendor lock in are scrapped and replaced by standards. If they want some kind of protection - make it device wide and linked to the account signed in so playback works in different apps - only thing needed is to call the system wide authentication system. I am against DRM and vendor restrictions. Original content without any of the BS is what the world need. Piracy is a symptom of several problematic things such as geo restrictions, root restrictions and the failed idea of the "right of no distribution" - i.e. the content exist but stubborn companies deny distribution using silly arguments. I always remove DRM from purchased content in order to have full control including the basic right of using whatever app or equipment for playback. Richard Markert Start developing the solution, and start a content creation company that can compete with the big boys when it comes to quality content. Or, you can sit around and whine online about the content creators not wanting the people who don't follow rules to play in their gated sandbox and get mad when you crawl over the fence. Railwayman I take that you like DRM and proprietary vendor lock-in. It is easy to avoid the gated sandbox so no need to whine. It is easier to just fire up Exodus rather than relocking the bootloader and flashing a stock ROM or remove SuperSU in favor of Magisk just to be able to get Netflix. DRM is such a waste of time. It's not necessary to develop a new service since the content are available DRM free already. Standards for media and books etc does exist or did you miss EPUB, PDF, AAC, MP3, MP4 and so on? Perhaps you prefer such a format as ZNO or Apple modified EPUB that only works with iBooks? saf1927 Magisk seems to do the trick. Helios What about my non-rooted OnePlus One? It's also listed as incompatible.. '-_- 天地人 Don't OnePlus devices run a custom ROM and have unlocked bootloaders? Android Developer How can they block people who root the device from installing the app? The play store doesn't have this filter. Maybe after the install they do this check? Richard Markert If you're really an Android Developer, you would know that SafetyNet is what's doing this "behind the scenes". Android Developer I'm talking about the article. They say that Netflix blocks rooted devices, and I know that this isn't an option on the developer console. Google doesn't have anything related to rooted devices there. Ezio I have about 200 original blu-ray disks, go to cinema, and I'm Netflix subscriber. Now I won't get app updates (or even worse I won't be able to use it in the future) just because I like to use my custom rom. Thank you. This is really a bad move. AdjustedFlow I thought netflix was about providing a better service than piracy. Now they're literally pushing me back to piracy. What the heck? Dany If for "root" they mean administrator privileges, don't we already have that on windows 10? So why Netflix doesn't block desktop version too? P.S. by the way...whatever man! I was using Kodi more than this crap anyway... Miku is Best Vocaloid This means Netflix won't be getting my business anymore. Paul Sterling No worries here, when you're legit. Take my money, I'm not cheap. Give me a service, I'll pay you. I don't need to rob. What am I? 13 living with my mom using Napster? Naw, grew up. Don't have any Tim foil hats. My wallet grew up too. ast00 This is a dick move that could have been avoided. If they want us to pirate their content instead, we will pirate their content. We tried doing it the legal way, but they didn't allow it. Their problem, not ours. EowynCarter Umf. **checks google play ** No longer compatible with my nexus 6 . But nexus 4 still ok. For crying out loud! I'm not rooted or using a custom ROM. Pyramid Power netflix is just losing money. it's saying to those people, 'go to thepiratebay!' RemiV2 I guess I'll just keep torrenting then. Thanks, Netflix. Lawstorant Magisk stan dex 97 new dark web premium links . also included are netfix lifetime membership links as well as graphic Live chat links (use anonymously) https://satoshibox.com/axbr7vnm6ifzk8hwtcreoe28/buy Linus Monie If you are this afraid of someone potentially fiddling around with your code, the problem is not the 'fiddler', it is your code. Netflix is a client app. If I can, with a rooted phone, fake my subscription, or somehow cause a major security issue, that is not a problem with me, that is a problem with you pushing out a vulnerable app to millions of users. Sure, it would be my fault for exploiting it, but there is no-one but you who managed to put the problem in place. A CLIENT app should not be anything but a front-end representation of an API run by your servers. The CLIENT should have nothing but a CLIENT ID to use with the API. The CLIENT should NOT be able to change JACK SHIT with the API, it should only be able to get search results, get access to encrypted streams, etc. If your client CAN change JACK SHIT (which one could assume is true, since you are so actively hiding your code) then you have a major security vulnerability... This is a problem with your code, not anyone's rooted device... Hell, you don't even need a rooted device to access the applications code, just download an APK of the app, extract it, and decompile it... Jesus netflix, get your shit straight you bendy pos... My1 I think their problem is rather that rooted users *might* be able to capture the decrypted stream using root or whatever and they are afraid of that. although on PC you have admin permissions and netflix has no problems iirc. Linus Monie Yeah, exactly, its not like people will prefer to pirate the stream on their phone (at least I wouldn't...), so that was my first thought of why they made this change. Now that I think about it though, its probably not so much of a Netflix decision as it is a licensing issue with one of their "film sources". (can't think of a better word for it rn..) Licensing issues are a bitch when you need to adapt to as many as Netflix has... My1 yeah true. pirating on phone makes (quoting austin from game theory) NO. GOD. DAMN. SENSE. I mean I dunno whether you can automate that so good and/or get it fast enough, especially with the relatively low storage, no LAN capability and so on. BahnStormer Netflix is used more on tablets and TV boxes, these tend to be used for several years longer than phones and even Google now only updates their devices for <2 years (Samsung / streamer manufacturer's do this even less!)... We HAVE to run the likes of Lineage if we want the devices to be secure! Bye bye Netflix, even Amazon Video lets us use rooted devices! jcopernicus People don't understand IP and lambast a company protecting it. Of course. My1 I have never tried but if netflix can run over a non-HDCP connection like DVI or VGA, there's literally no reason to use a phone for piracy. RemixedCat well they got rid of 5 star ratings, deleted tons of shows I was in the middle of, and the roku app is hella slow and takes 10 freakin minutes to load (by comparison my OS install from power on to desktop was 8 minutes on my samsung 850 500GB SSD!!) Tobi I'm running LineageOS on my Oneplus One to lengthen the lifespan of my device. Why must I be punished for that? I'm going back to pirating content. StankyChikin Possible that the movie industry is pushing this? SkullOne Shhhhh. Don't use logic here. It's not allowed. It's simply easier to blame Netflix and believe that they have a vendetta against the teeny tiny, itsy bitsy amount of root users out there! StankyChikin Forgive me plz lol username_not_valid This isnt about Netflix, its about its content providers. There is this notion that you can copy files and therefore pirate content if you are rooted. We all know its rubbish, Netflix probably knows its rubbish, but that doesn't change anything. If Netflix wants shows, its has to abide by its license agreements. There is really nothing Netflix, Amazon, Sky or any other streaming service can do about it. The fact that almost all pirate content comes from PCs and HDCP by-pass devices doesnt mean a thing. TedPhillips at least in practice, unlocking your bootloader/being rooted has no impact on your widevine support level. now, i'm not sure if the oem could supply a high-level drm library on a pre-rooted device, due to agreements, but modification after the point of sale is a different matter. meanwhile, keep on streaming netflix on your 'rooted' computer - gasp!~ Richard Markert >meanwhile, keep on streaming netflix on your 'rooted' computer - gasp!~ I don't even need an admin account to steal Netflix on my PC. Since the Windows 10 app and browsers BOTH work over analog, all I need is an inline box with a DSUB VGA connector and simply capture the entire output from the VGA port. My1 or use DVI if possible, even better. Valerie Frye-Preter Did they do this because of the stolen season 5 of Orange is the New Black? TedPhillips wasn't that stolen before it was available for streaming? so i don't see how it could be. TedPhillips when the device can be retroactively uncertified, as safetynet mutates over time, that's a step beyond the usual forced obsolescence of artificially short software support windows. now instead of buying a new phone every 18-24 months, it could be literally whenever they feel like moving the goalposts. Mike Hunt I don't understand. I am a Netflix subscriber, but will probably have to unsubscribe now since I bought a rooted Chinese mediabox for my TV. This sucks, as I liked and supported NetFlix's business model. Richard Markert Which box do you have? Mike Hunt One of these https://www.aliexpress.com/wholesale?catId=0&initiative_id=SB_20170514131212&SearchText=media+box+mini+m8s Brock Reed I'm not even getting the "not compatible" message, it's just not showing up at all. Ajmobileguru First DirecTV Now and now Netflix. I dont see the point. As if rooted users were pirating the streams or movies. Rooted users on non-nexus/pixel devices already were getting only 480p because of widewine crap and now this. Anunnaki This is why people switch to apps like Popcorn Time and Terrarium TV. Biga173rd Popcorn time still works? Anunnaki When I last checked few months ago, it was working. No idea about the current situation though. Biga173rd Okay Erin Andrews Oh that's easy, they block my device I cancel my subscription. Say goodbye to my 15 dollars a month. piggynuts Stopped playing Pokemon, stopped using Snapchat, next to go is Netflix. I refuse to say bye to root. BobButtons Magisk. While some say it's hit and miss with Pokemon GO (idk, I don't play it) it's never not worked for me with Snapchat/Android Pay/Mario Run. cliff_dangers Why does everyone freak out about a rooted phone but my PC which is wide open is not a problem? What makes smartphones so special? Doro Manekia ΝετΦλξ Ανάθεμα σου.Χα χα χα Το Μαααακα. Bewear I am not that upset because I rarely use Netflix on my mobile, I am upset because this kind of blocking will become a trend. BoFiS ugh, fuck you, Netflix, I pay for your serve, LET ME USE IT ON MY PHONE A.M There are some many ways around that LAME NETFLIX - Showbox Kodi Firestick with Kodi I can't see the point of Netflix when we have so MANY better apps out there that kill Netflix ErectBipedal That'll teach them filthy pirates for trying to pay us money!.... wait.... -Netflix probably Zxyon Rhysivz What could users with unlocked/rooted phones do with the Netflix app that other users can't? Loco Mole Netflix content isn't that much better these days, so if they choose to distinguish themselves by being a d*ck to consumers who care about using our devices the way we want to, then f u too, Netflix, I got plenty of other legit streaming content. Fedup Let's see... Piracy: $0.00, no ads, no DRM, no device/location/time restrictions Legit: $$$, ads out the as$, DRM limiting options, shows locked to specific devices, locations, etc. Keep on making the decision easier for us, Netflix. xyz Fortunately, the Pirate Bay is accessible from all devices and regions without any geo-blocking. berserksgangr Well, my Nexus 7 with Lineage it's not working even without root (error 9) Nick Riley This is utterly stupid! Corvus Dove Remember that time that making things more difficult for software and media pirates through DRM while possibly messing with legitimate customers paid off and prevented piracy? Me either. Asbjørn The problem here is that most users root their phone to get the updates that their OEM doesn't want to make available. If Android had proper updates, rooting would not be so necessary. Patel Nisha Root user here. How do I use Magisk for this? I have it installed and new to the Magisk(haven't had a rooted phone in a while)? Keletor Does it stop you from sideloading it? I mean really, if you are rooting your phone you most likely will find a workaround. Luxferro Not yet, but you can be sure the app will stop working in the future. Znuff The download feature is not working for me anymore. And the 5.x app is not working at all, just says I need to install the 4.x one (redirects me to the download page) Tim Get Roku tv or a fire stick cause no issues there and it isn't through Google then Biga173rd People still use Netflix? mlauzon And this is exactly how you piss off your end users! Doug Rogers I guess I'll have to unroot - whoops, Android 4.2 Awesome. Luxferro Don't forget to leave your 1 star review. Links to both apps (Android TV and the normal Android app) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netflix.mediaclient&hl=en&rdid=com.netflix.mediaclient https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netflix.ninja&rdid=com.netflix.ninja Yoda’s Spirit Seems they keep cracking down on anything Open internet related! The only way I can watch overseas now is using Mediahint.com - nothing else works. Luxferro Just use usenet. They are forcing their legit customers to piracy... DDS This move will not stop people from pirating their content, it will encourage it. Exactly the opposite of what they're trying to achieve. But tell that to the a**hats who control the money... Ubelsteiner And thus, Plex and Kodi become even more popular, as Netflix drives a nail into it's own coffin. Znuff http://i.imgur.com/LG3dXc4.jpg http://i.imgur.com/eNeuPCD.jpg Can not use the latest version on my device, it sends me to download the 4.x version. When I try that, the latest 4.x version has Downloads disabled for me (it used to work on this device). US Patriot No worries. I can live without Netflix, but I will NOT live without full control of my devices and data. Ricardo A. Fragoso For those who want root at all cost there's still a chance to get movies with ChromeCast Support... Google "TerrariumTV". :D You are welcome. :D Sir Doogie Houser M.D.Esq. 200 Mobile devices are now a vice.The rules,whether stringent or lenient,if there's demand,the market will fill the demand.Plain and simple.So to Mr.Gable,your wrong buttercup. Nick Coad I can guarantee you that Netflix doesn't make these choices willingly. The production companies they purchase shows off are notoriously backward when it comes to technology and unfortunately Netflix relies on them to survive. Kevin Davis So I can't update my Netflix app on my unaltered Google Store Pixel XL. FUCK YOU NETFLIX, and goodbye, you SONS OF BITCHES. Signed, a former longtime top tier subscriber, until, as of now. Once again, so there is no doubt: FUCK YOU NETFLIX, and goodbye. Sent from my Google Store Pixel XL. theinternetmakesyoustupid who the hell watches netflix on their phone.. johnforamerica Chromecast? Sledge If you have the app installed you can use the in app option to call netflix over wifi. Do this. Be heard. Don't let them continue to push back against the right to tinker. McHenryGames Main reason to root is XPosed. Screw Netflix and screw Google. Brian Both my phone and tablet are as they left they left the factory. Both are blocked form the new update, neither is rooted. Looked like they are trying to promote rival services as it is unacceptable to block legitimate users on a paying service. ED-Zが現れた! Well... Time to change my rate from 5 to 1... Thomas That's a surprising backward move from Netflix, a company that I admire and follow, not just as customer but as an engineer. I wonder if, adding up with their experimental price hike, someone with the wrong ideas got recently hired... Anderson Moreira Oliveira :-( Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 149 queries | 1.309s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 29 May 2017 Apple bringing artificial intelligence to chips Booming field: A man uses his phone as he walks past an Apple store in Beijing. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc and Alphabet Inc in the booming field of AI. — Reuters SAN FRANCISCO: Apple Inc got an early start in artificial intelligence (AI) software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence – such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc and Alphabet Inc in the booming field of AI. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Apple devices currently handle complex AI processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding AI processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling AI tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centres to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it is unclear if the component would be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also planned to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload AI-related tasks, the person said. Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple planned to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to AI, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. — Bloomberg Tags / Keywords: Apple Related Stories Related Stories Apple set to expand Siri voice assistant Apple says payouts from App Store total RM300bil Apple and Nokia settle patent dispute and sign new deal Apple invests US$200mil in Corning Apple becomes first US firm to top US$800bil value You May Be Interested DRealty working towards solving liabilities issue The need to educate investors on ponzi and pyramid scheme Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: Sleek and stylish 5 superpowers every mum has 6 beautiful cities to add to your bucket list How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Others Also Read At least 22 die in north India bus crash Nest Cam IQ security camera can recognise faces Neighbours enjoy various activities organised by RT Property Related advertisement Latest News Banks lift KLCI at midday, oil climbs, ringgit firm A decent quarter with mixed results for banking sector Net foreign buying on Bursa crosses key RM10b Maybank IB feels the O&G sector has bottomed out Ringgit firmer vs US$, pound sterling early Monday Most Viewed in Business Ringgit firmer vs US$, pound sterling early Monday Higher revenue for IRB Net foreign buying on Bursa crosses key RM10b Ng to take AIA to the next stage of growth A decent quarter with mixed results for banking sector Maybank IB feels the O&G sector has bottomed out Chinese billionaires clash over Alibaba’s parcel deliveries Five golden rules for investing borrowed money Affin Hwang Research sees Malaysian stock market in early stage rally TNB to start work on large solar project next month advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment Sunday Comics: Completely Avoidable Reminder: The Live-Action Movie Isn't The Only Awesome Wonder Woman Film How To Take Down A Thunderjaw In Horizon: Zero Dawn The Tragic Moment Deadpool Crossed A Line From Uncanny Avenger To Hydra Agent Esports Lung Collapses Are A Surprisingly Common Esports Injury Rare One-On-One Skullgirls Finals Shows Why Its Loyal Fans Love The Game Watch The First-Ever Hearthstone Series Between Australia And New Zealand 'League Of Origin': LoL Champs From Australia & NZ Duke It Out This Weekend Xbox Gears Of War 4 Adds Ranked PC And Xbox Cross-Play This Week The FIFA Goal That Just Wouldn't Go In Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) EA Announces Need For Speed Payback PlayStation The Best Tekken 7 Characters For Beginners Community Review: Tekken 7 Tekken 7's PlayStation VR Mode Is Queasy And Unnecessary Warner Bros. Has Delayed Middle-earth: Shadow Of War Two Months Nintendo Breath Of The Wild's Weird Moments Are Some Of The Game's Finest There's A Nintendo Switch In There Splatoon 2 Voice Chat Set-Up Looks Totally Bonkers The Weirdness Of Fire Emblem Heroes' Bride Class PC Hotline Miami Cover Artist On His Distinct Visual Style, Music, And Beard Ghost Recon: Wildlands' Final Story DLC Is Brutal And Fun Witcher 3 Mod Adds Customisable First-Person Mode Tokyo 42 Is The Cutest Game About Assassination Mobile Hearthstone Player Goes From Zero To Legend Without Spending A Cent FRAMED 2 Is Out Very, Very Soon You Can Play Cricket On The Front Page Of Google Meet The Essential Phone, The Latest Phone From The Creator Of Android In Real Life The Opera House Is Hosting A Two-Day Minecraft Event Look At This Sonic Statue Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 The Influence And Legacy Of Lego Island Retro ScribbleTaku The Super Nintendo's Most Valuable Games Remembering That Time Apple Made A Proper Console ScribbleTaku Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro The Best Tekken 7 Characters For Beginners Reminder: The Live-Action Movie Isn't The Only Awesome Wonder Woman Film The Influence And Legacy Of Lego Island Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off How To Switch To Android From iOS David Nield May 29, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  android apple google ios mobiles Share Having guided you through the not-all-that-straightforward process of switching from Android to iOS, we're back to tell you how to go in the opposite direction. (Make your mind up will you?) Going from Apple-powered devices to Google's platform is either ridiculously easy or rather taxing, depending on your current setup. Image: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo Do you Google? Good news if you're already heavily invested in the Google ecosystem on your iPhone. You can switch to Android in an hour or two and keep your evening free for seeing friends or browsing Netflix. Otherwise, better cancel those evening plans. Those of you who spend all your time in Gmail, Google Calendar and Google Maps for iOS can simply install those apps on your brand new Android device, sign in using your Google account credentials, and pick up where you left off. The same applies for Google Photos and Google Drive. Google Drive can handle contacts and calendars for you. Image: Google Unlike Apple, Google doesn't have a dedicated app to help you defect to its mobile OS, but it does have a website with a lot of the information you're going to need: essentially you're instructed to use Google Drive to copy over contacts, photos, videos and calendar entries, which we'll cover in more detail below. If you're thinking about switching from iOS to Android in the future, or like to swap mobile OSes on a regular basis, then Google's cloud-centric services make the task much easier — so your best off keeping all your data there. By contrast, the only official Apple app you can get on Android at the moment is Apple Music. Messages and emails Extricating yourself from iMessage is perhaps the biggest challenge facing those jumping ship to Android. iMessage doesn't work on Google's platform, and there's no way to export all your message history into a comparable Android app. You're going to have to say goodbye to iMessage, but you can at least ensure a clean break. As soon as you know you're making the move go into your iOS and navigate to Messages in Settings and turn iMessage off, then go to FaceTime in Settings and turn that off too. Apple's full instructions are here. If you have some precious iMessages or plain old SMSes you can't leave behind, you'll need to rely on third-party software and some rather convoluted processes to back it all up. iSMS2droid promises to import messages from an unencrypted backup you made in iTunes on your computer into Android. If you don't need the backup on your phone, then PhoneView (macOS) and CopyTrans (Windows) are two of many tools that will let you browse your old missives to your heart's content. It's goodbye to iMessage. Image: Screenshot As for emails, Apple's system supports IMAP, so you can carry on checking your iCloud emails through Gmail on Android if you're not having a fresh start and giving up your old email address completely. Tap the drop-down arrow on the Gmail app menu, choose Add account, and follow the configuration instructions provided by Apple. It's the same process if you're using any other kind of email app on your new Android device, like Outlook from Microsoft. The only requirement is that it supports the popular IMAP protocol. You have a couple of other options if putting your iCloud account directly into Gmail doesn't appeal. You can have all your Apple iCloud emails automatically forwarded to your new Gmail address, by going into iCloud Mail on the web and setting up forwarding — you can even delete the originals after they're passed on. Alternatively, you can export all your old emails using Mail on a Mac just in case you ever need them again, then close down your Apple account. Contacts and calendars As long as you just want to make a one-way, one-time switch from iOS to Android, then Google Drive for iOS makes the process of moving contacts and calendars over simple enough. Once you've got the app installed on your iOS device, open the menu then tap Settings and Backup. Choose the data you want to transfer across to the equivalent Google accounts, tap Start Backup and you're on your way — everything from iOS and iCloud gets picked up. Make sure you're on wi-fi, and the iPhone is plugged in during the switchover. Also note, that any previous backups you've done will be overwritten. macOS can help make switching calendars easier. Image: Screenshot If you want a two-way sync, which you might if you're using your Android phone with an Apple laptop, then it's a lot more complicated. The best option, really, is to switch to using Google contacts and calendars as much as you can, and then adding your Google account to the relevant apps in macOS (Add Account from the main app menu in both cases). Even then you need to make sure you're always adding events to the Google calendars (or contacts) and not the iCloud ones for them to show up on your phone. If you absolutely must keep both Google and iCloud services running concurrently, and syncing with each other, then you'll need to put your trust in a third-party app for macOS or Android. Photos and videos Since Google Photos came into the world it's actually pretty easy to get all your personal photos and videos moved over to Android, via Google's servers, as long as they're all still on your iPhone: Install Google Photos for iOS, opt to back everything up, and away you go. You can either pay Google for storage and keep everything at full resolution, or accept some resizing (images max out at 16 MP, videos at 1080p), and store as many photos and videos as you like on the web, free of charge. The process is even more straightforward if you use the Google Drive app as we described in the section above, and Google Photos even supports Live Photos these days, using those extra few frames of animation to create a GIF for you. The only negative is that the albums you've created in iOS don't get copied over (everything appears as one long list of pictures), so you need to create them again. Google Photos can transfer images and videos. (Image: Google) All that is easy enough but if you've got photos in iCloud you've moved off your iPhone then you might have a problem or two on your hands. As we explained in our full guide to the topic of switching between Apple Photos and Google Photos, just about the only option open to you is downloading them all from iCloud to a macOS or Windows machine then uploading them again using a Google Photos client. It's a little convoluted but it's manageable, and it's a lot easier than using the export options in iCloud on the web, which are practically non-existent. If you don't have a computer to act as the middleman between iCloud Photo Library and Google Photos then you're stuck — you'll have to borrow a laptop from someone. Music and movies As we now have Apple Music on Android, getting your iTunes music on your Android device is no longer the exercise in frustration it once was. As far as tunes you've actually purchased directly from iTunes, it's probably the best option out there, though you do need to have signed up for an Apple Music subscription to be able to use the app and get at your purchases. Otherwise, it depends on where your music is and how it's stored. Any plain old MP3s you were syncing to your iPhone from iTunes can be uploaded to Google Play Music instead (50,000 of them can be stored for free), or you can use something like DoubleTwist, which is just about the leading choice if you want to keep on using iTunes alongside Android for your music. If you're signed up for Spotify you just need the Android app. Apple Music, now on Android. Image: Screenshot Likewise, if you've been accessing all your movies and TV shows through Netflix, Plex or Google Play Movies & TV then you just need to find and install the relevant app for Android and you're ready to go. All these services let you stream to multiple devices from a single account, so you can carry on using your iOS device if you need to. However, any videos you've purchased from iTunes won't run on Android at all — there's just no app to do it unless Apple ever gets around to making one. Several tools out there will do the job of removing iTunes DRM for you, but since we're getting into murky legal territory with that, we'll leave you to discover them for yourself. If you've invested hundreds of dollars in an iTunes digital library then you can still watch it on macOS, Windows, and the Apple TV, but not Android. Apps and games Generally speaking, all the apps you use on your iPhone are going to be available on Android as well, though there are a few exceptions — like Overcast and Day One. In terms of paid-for apps, you're going to have to pay for them all again, unfortunately, though something like a Spotify subscription buys you access on both Android and iOS. Whether all your data (from documents to saved games) moves over with you is another matter and worth checking up on before you make the switch. If you're in any doubt, get in touch with the developer directly to see what the situation is (you might be out of luck with anything that relies heavily on the iCloud storage system). Some paid-for iOS games, like Alto's Adventure, are free to play on Android. (Image: Noodlecake Studios Inc) We can't give you a guide to everything out there, but think about your productivity, fitness, and banking apps. Assess how much data is stored locally and what's going to happen to it. If you can, keep your old iPhone and new Android phone running alongside each other for a while until you're certain everything's been moved over successfully without too many bumps in the road. You might not believe it if you've read everything that's above, but moving from iOS to Android is actually much easier than it used to be, thanks mainly to an increased focus on cloud services (even, belatedly, from Apple itself). As long as you take your time, and don't live your life inside iMessage, you don't have to feel daunted by the task. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments thefong @thefong May 29, 2017, 10:26am Step 1 - Reevaluate your life choices Step 2 - Return to the sweet sweet embrace of Android Reply 2 troutmonkey @troutmonkey May 29, 2017, 11:08am I was going to post something similar, but the article is actually "To Android From iOS". Took a few attempts to see it written that way... Reply 1 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale Mark Serrels 05 Jun 2017 9:15 AM I can't be sure. I mean it's hard to tell from a distance. But yeah... I think EB Games is having a sale. Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) Alex Cranz 03 Jun 2017 5:30 PM Yesterday was a big day for Xbox One owners. After a couple of years of knowing they bought an Xbox One when twice as many of their friends bought PS4s, Xbox owners got to feel vindicated in their choice as Microsoft launched the first true Netflix for digital games. Xbox Game Pass is a subscription service whereby any Xbox One owner can pay $10.95 a month to get access to over 100 games spanning the entire course of Xbox's history. That sounds incredible! Too bad most of the games are kind of crap. Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Here, Have A VPN For 90% Off Deals: Drop Some Sick Beats In The Shower With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: Learn To Build Your Own Android Apps Trending Articles 1 I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale 2 Xbox Game Pass Is An Incredible Idea That Falls Flat (For Now) 3 Target Is Selling Horizon: Zero Dawn And Ghost Recon Wildlands For $39 Vodafone Is Taking Legal Action Over The ACCC's Domestic Roaming Decision Wind, Solar, Storage And Gas: The CSIRO Maps Out Australia's Energy Future Can't Be Sure, But I Think EB Games Is Having A Sale Optus Is Crediting Customers Shortchanged On Data Deals The Best Tekken 7 Characters For Beginners The Opera House Is Hosting A Two-Day Minecraft Event Look At This Sonic Statue Hotline Miami Cover Artist On His Distinct Visual Style, Music, And Beard This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come Prepare For Extreme Weather With These Emergency Essentials [Infographic] Optus To Refund Prepaid Customers After Secretly Cutting Their Data Inclusions Ask LH: Are Drones Being Banned In Australia? Everything you need to know about the acclaimed female director behind 'Wonder Woman' Matt Moran is back in the Sydney pub where his cooking career began NAB is collaborating with an Israeli crowdfunding platform to offer startup investments The 6 shows Netflix has canceled, including the edgy sci-fi series 'Sense8' that was just cut after 2 seasons © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Share 383 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-06-04 Wiz Khalifa’s Ex Amber Rose Dodges Million Dollar Lawsuit Entertainment 2017-06-02 Kandi Burruss Almost Left ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Because Of Phaedra Parks And Porsha Williams Entertainment 2017-06-02 Marilyn Monroe’s Home Sells Over Asking Price, But Is It Haunted By Her Ghost? Some Say Yes Entertainment 2017-06-02 Ariana Grande Manchester Concert: 10,000 People Fraudulently Attempt To Claim Free Tickets News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-06-04 Duke University Student, Michael Doherty, Found In Woods Died From Hypothermia, Police Say News 2017-06-04 Muslim Protest In London Against Radical Islam Staged By ‘CNN’? [Breaking] News 2017-06-04 Whole Foods Lawsuit: Woman Sues For ‘Excessively Hot Tea’ While Other Customers Complain About Price News 2017-06-04 Neighbor Fatally Shoots Man Attempting To Drown 3-Month-Old Twins In Bathtub Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-06-04 Huge Spoiler For Jinder Mahal/Randy Orton Rivalry Heading Into Rematch Football 2017-06-04 Kevin White Must Step Up For The Chicago Bears [Opinion] Baseball 2017-06-04 MLB Trade Rumors: Miami Marlins Willing To Deal Star Players Including Christian Yelich And Giancarlo Stanton? [Opinion] Baseball 2017-06-04 Thames, Davies Lead Brewers Past Dodgers, 3-0 Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-06-04 ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Seven Helpful Things To Do By Yourself Before Getting Married [Opinion] Beauty, Lifestyle 2017-06-04 Breaking The Internet & Stereotypes, Sudanese Model Nyakim Gatwech Is A Slap On Our Skin-Color Obsessed World Lifestyle 2017-06-03 June Is Adopt A Rescue Cat Month — Here’s What You Need To Know Before Bringing A Shelter Cat Home Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-06-03 June Is Alzheimer’s And Brain Awareness Month — Why People Are Displaying Purple And How You Can Show Support Health 2017-06-03 Ambrosia Offers Fountain Of Youth To Older Adults, New Treatment Can Potentially Reverse Aging Health 2017-06-03 Bradley Lowery’s Mother Reveals In Heartbreaking Facebook Post That The Five-Year-Old Has ‘Only Weeks To Live’ Health 2017-06-02 Flesh-Eating Bacteria Kills Man Who Took Swim After Getting New Tattoo Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘Kingdom Hearts’ Orchestra World Tour Features Exclusive New Story Scenes, Concert Comes To U.S. This Summer Gaming 2017-06-04 ‘The Sims 4’ Pets DLC Rumor: New Leak Hints Horses Scrapped, November Release Date Gaming 2017-06-04 Why ‘Secret World Legends’ Is Free-To-Play And How The New Economy Works Gaming 2017-06-04 E3 2017 Rumors: All The Signs ‘Starfield’ and ‘Skyrim’ VR Is Happening At The Bethesda Panel BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Unfazed By Approaching Tornado, Canadian Man Trims Lawn BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Gyrating Drag Queen At Grade School Show Shocks And Peeves Off Parents — Video [Opinion] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Melania Trump On June 4: Melania In $2,595 Silk Gown At Ford’s Theatre For Gala Amid Affair Rumors [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-06-04 Oregon Father’s ‘No Shame’ Toddler Leash Picture Goes Viral SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Melania Trump’s Clothing Cost: Price Of Melania’s $51,500 Dolce & Gabbana Jacket Courts Controversy [Photos] BuzzWorthy 383 0 0 May 28, 2017 Melania Trump’s Clothing Cost: Price Of Melania’s $51,500 Dolce & Gabbana Jacket Courts Controversy [Photos] Paula Mooney First Lady Melania Trump is the subject of plenty of Google searches. According to Google’s Keyword Tool, the name “Melania Trump” gets up to 10 million searches per month, while Melania’s first name alone gets up to 100,000 Google searches per month. Whereas plenty of the searches about Melania are queries about Melania’s age, nationality, IQ, or her family, up to 10,000 searches per month are entered into Google about Melania’s fashion choices. Up to 100,000 people type “Melania Trump dress” into Google each month. Now that Melania has returned from her jaunt to several foreign countries with President Donald Trump to the White House, Melania leaves in her wake a plethora of photos that display the dresses, shoes, and pants she chose to wear across her journey. As reported by ABC News, much of the attention that Melania received regarding her latest fashion choices included an expensive Dolce & Gabbana jacket. The Washington Post reports the cost of the jacket at $51,500, which represents the median 2015 U.S. income. Feedback about that pricey jacket can be seen in tweets below. Photos of Melania Trump At The White House And During Foreign Trip As seen in the below photo, Melania returned to the White House on Saturday, May 27, from Mr. and Mrs. Trump’s first overseas trip as president and first lady. First Lady Melania Trump back at the White House on May 27 [Image by Olivier Douliery/Getty Images] However, it’s photos like the top one above, showing Melania stepping out of a car at Chierici Palace in Catania, Italy, on Friday, May 26, that has tongues wagging, all because of the designer jacket Melania wore that day. Daily reminder that it costs $.5 million a day to have Melania & Barron Trump stay in New York. Current total post-inauguration: $64,000,000 — Talia (@2020fight) May 28, 2017 Melania seemed to stand out among other spouses of international leaders, as she waved in the colorful coat, as seen in the below photo. Melania joined others on the balcony of City Hall, in Catania, Italy. On Twitter, however, controversy has erupted over the high cost of the designer jacket worn by Melania. Melania Trump waves. [Image by Domenico Stinellis/AP Images] Breitbart praised Melania Trump for wearing a $51,000 dress. But they criticized Michelle Obama for wearing a $3,200 dress. Hypocrisy!! — Jail Donald Trump (@DTrumpExposed) May 28, 2017 More Melania Photos Additional photos of Melania during her overseas trip with President Trump include the one below, showing Mrs. Trump on May 24, visiting a hospital in Vatican City, Vatican. Melania Trump in Vatican City, Vatican. [Image by Franco Origlia/Getty Images] Melania’s Black Veil Worn Whilst Meeting Pope Francis One of the most talked about looks worn by Melania overseas included the black veil that Melania wore when meeting Pope Francis. Melania Trump in black veil. [Image by Franco Origlia/Getty Images] Melania In A White Suit Melania oftentimes chooses white outfits to don, and on May 22, it was no exception. As seen in the below photo, Melania wore a white suit as she sat with Sarah Netanyahu and Nechama Rivlin at Ben Gurion International Airport near Tel Aviv, Israel. Melania in a white suit near Tel Aviv, Israel. [Image by Ilia Yefimovich/Getty Images] Melania In White Dress In Israel Melania once again chose to wear white on Wednesday, May 23, as seen in the below photo. Melania wore a sleeveless white or cream-colored dress as she prepared to say goodbye to the land with President Trump at a farewell ceremony at Ben Gurion International Airport. President Donald Trump and Melania Trump at Ben Gurion International Airport. [Image by Ilia Yefimovich/Getty Images] The above photos show the transformation of Melania’s style of dress as wife to President Trump, in comparison to Mrs. Trump’s modeling days. Google reports that up to 10,000 people type in the term “Melania Trump modeling pictures” each month, proving there’s a crowd interested in Melania during her younger days. Donald Trump and Melania in 2001. [Image by Nick Elgar/ImageDirect/Getty Images] Photos like the one above show Mr. Trump and Melania Knauss, as she was known in 2001, attending a magazine launch party. The median American family income in 2015 was $55,775. Melania Trump's jacket cost $51,500. — InxsySparxs (@InxsyS) May 28, 2017 Additional photos like the one below from 2001 prove that Melania’s fashion sense as a model translated to the red carpet as she donned a white gown with a plunging neckline. Trump and model Melania Knauss in 2001. [Image by David McNew/Getty Images] Whereas Melania has worn white for plenty of events, the photo below shows an instance when Melania chose to wear black. It was again in 2001 when Melania and Mr. Trump attended an American Cancer Society gala fundraiser in New York City. Melania Knauss and Donald Trump in 2001 in New York City. [Image by Chris Hondros/Newsmakers] Despite plenty of praise for Mrs. Trump’s style, the price of the $51,500 jacket worn by Melania is bringing comments like those below to social media. Surprise: @BreitbartNews ridiculed Michelle’s $2,300 dress, praised Melania's $51,500 dress. https://t.co/T5F5UmuOag — James McPherson (@JimBMcPherson) May 28, 2017 “Ridiculous. Pinning signs that read ‘Let them eat cake’ all over herself would have had the same effect.” “She wears $51,000 as her husband strip needed services from the poor and pays ZERO in taxes.” “The only thing these people are in touch with is GREED! Melania $51,500 Coat Is the Actual Definition of Out of Touch.” “Kleptocracy: the jacket Melania Trump wears costs $51,500, and if you want to buy one just like it, you have to make a $25,750 deposit.” “Hypocrite #TrumpTrain yeah you couldn’t use $51,500.” Breitbart used to be so outraged by Michelle Obama clothing costs. Weird that they're silent when Melania Trump wears a $51,000(!) coat. pic.twitter.com/KHTqReJA6R — Matt McDermott (@mattmfm) May 26, 2017 [Featured Image by Domenico Stinellis/AP Images] Share 383 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Contributor Paula Mooney Tags: melania, melania trump, Melania Trump Dress June 4, 2017 Melania Trump On June 4: Melania In $2,595 Silk Gown At Ford’s Theatre For Gala Amid Affair Rumors [Photos] June 4, 2017 Monica Lewinsky Found Dead In Roslindale? No, But Death Hoax Gets 6,500 Facebook Shares [Debunked] Comments LATEST HEADLINES Huge Spoiler For Jinder Mahal/Randy Orton Rivalry Heading Into Rematch ‘The Bachelor’s Lauren Bushnell On Life After Split From Ben Higgins, Pursuing A Blogging Career In L.A. Brandy Released From Hospital After Falling Unconscious On Delta Flight Samsung Galaxy Note 8’s Key Feature To Appear First On The Galaxy C10? Is ‘The Bachelor’ Ben Higgins’ New Podcast A Big Flop? Harry Styles Was Asked To Be The Face Of A Female Urination Device ‘Alien’ Yoga: The Newest Fitness Rage That Contorts Your Midsection In Otherworldly Way Ontario To Raise Minimum Wage To $15 – But Is It Enough? [Opinion] Kevin White Must Step Up For The Chicago Bears [Opinion] Forget The Male Romper, Lace Shorts For Men Are Now A Trend Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Trending Stories George Clooney Skips Humanitarian Award Ceremony To Be With Amal During The Childbirth 16.6k 0 0 Trump’s 11-Year-Old Son Thought Beheaded Image Was Real 17.1k 0 0 James Comey Testimony Could Be Blocked By White House, Raising Talk Of Impeachment 10.2k 0 0 House Ethics Complaints Filed Against Paul Ryan And Devin Nunes For Obstruction Of Justice 5k 0 0 Leah Remini And Kevin James Back Together: ‘King Of Queens’ Carrie Joins ‘Kevin Can Wait’ As Series Regular 8.3k 0 0 Kathy Griffin Breaks Down At Press Conference Over Photo: ‘Donald Trump Ruined My Life, But I Won’t Stop’ 8.4k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI Guest Voicebot market growing faster than ever, but here’s a realistic take S. Jason Prohaska, MediaMonks May 28, 2017 4:54 PM Image Credit: Shutterstock.com/Peppinuzzo Voice technology that power devices like Amazon’s Alexa and Google Home is the next frontier for tech companies. Facebook’s announcement to launch ParlAI recently only intensified the industry’s ambition to reach the ultimate goal of having meaningful conversations with computers by voice. But let’s hold onto our horses; we’re not there yet. At my company, we’re receiving increasing requests from brands eager to explore this emerging utility, and at the same time, we’re working with engineering and product teams to understand exactly what the technology can do. As it stands, we still have leaps to make, but one thing is sure: Voice-activated tech is set to get smarter, and fast. Recently, I was speaking with a top executive at a leading global consumer products company. While watching TV, he saw an interesting ad for a product similar to his own. This prompted him to test Alexa. He asked what the best brand for the product category was, and Alexa promptly responded with a list of competitors. Later, one offered to send him a sample, and another listed best prices. This goes to show that while we may not yet be having meaningful conversations, voice-activated tech is rising and so are opportunities for brands to embrace it. The good, the bad, and the promising A recent study shows the U.S. market for voice-activated assistants has grown nearly 130 percent since 2016. Today, Amazon Echo (Alexa) and Google Home — which differ from Apple’s Siri and Google Now in that they’re independent, stationary devices — dominate the market. Their main function is to provide a “smarter home” by calling up music, reminding you of your agenda, and even answering trivia questions. One of the biggest benefits of voice-activated tech is that it saves time. Speaking is more natural than writing, and because you don’t have to take out your phone, it’s faster. It’s also more accessible for those who, for one reason or another, aren’t able to use keyboards or screens. Enthusiasts like Hugh Durkin, a product manager for Intercom, have even exclaimed: “Soon unnecessary typing and tapping on a keyboard will be a memory of the distant past.” Perhaps. But this feature is still prone to error. When many people are speaking close to a device at once, it tends to have difficulty actually hearing the activation phrase. In the end, if you have to repeat your request again and again, it can be more time-consuming than just walking over to flip a switch. There’s also the issue of privacy to consider. Burger King’s recent TV ad using “OK, Google” is a prime example of this. The ad used the wake word “OK, Google” to prompt devices to describe its burgers, but within hours of release — and hilarious edits to the Whopper Wikipedia page — the commercial was pulled. The widespread coverage of this ad highlighted the fact that voice technology is still new for many, and the idea of anyone, or anything, listening in on people is unnerving. These issues are mere glitches, however. The biggest challenge is that although we’ve created processes that allow computers to get better at translation, voice recognition, and speech synthesis, most computers still don’t understand the meaning of language. Mark Zuckerberg said himself: “No AI system is good enough to understand conversational speech just yet. [It] relies on both listening to what you say and predicting what you will say next. Structured speech is still much easier to understand than unstructured conversation.” And, research confirms the average person is struggling to find value adopting voice tech in their daily lives. Brands should prepare for tomorrow, starting today The list of current limitations is long. Despite these drawbacks, advances in machine learning mean that computers are getting better at recognizing what people are saying. We’re not there yet, but Zuckerberg’s ambition of AI that understands conversational speech may not be far off. In 2011, the global voice recognition market was valued at nearly 47 billion. Six year later, that figure has more than doubled to 113 billion. Along with Facebook’s new announced investment, there’s a rush to accelerate the transition from speech recognition to natural language processing at scale. Once this is achieved, Zuckerberg’s wish for computers to have more sophisticated conversations will become possible. Brands can start preparing for this new frontier today. As my earlier example of Alexa demonstrates, soon more and more consumers will be turning to these products to compare options and make purchases. Brands need to anticipate this change now by integrating these devices in their ecommerce and marketing strategies. In much the same way online shopping transformed the brick and mortar retail experience, voice activation technology will take this to the next level. Each day, the promise of meaningful conversation and results-oriented solutions provided by humans interfacing with computers is evolving. Let’s all continue to explore and contribute to these technologies as they become smarter and more meaningful…one word at a time. S. Jason Prohaska is the Managing Director of MediaMonks, a global digital production company. VB Recommendations IBM Research creates a groundbreaking 5-nanometer chip Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad?
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Election 2017 Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All News All News UK News World News Politics Opinion FACEBOOK OF FIENDS Security Minister Ben Wallace slams firms for failing to tackle terrorism after just 270,000 extremist images have been removed since 2010 MP blasted 'duplicitous' online firms such as Facebook and Google for selling users’ personal data yet refusing to help authorities By Harry Cole, Westminster Correspondent 29th May 2017, 12:51 am Updated: 29th May 2017, 5:45 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments ONLY 270,000 extremist images have been scrubbed from the internet since 2010 as tech titans fail to help crackdown on terror. Security Minister Ben Wallace blasted “duplicitous” online firms such as Facebook and Google for selling users’ personal data yet refusing to assist the authorities with investigations. Getty Images 4 Security Minister Ben Wallace blasted ‘duplicitous’ firms for selling data yet refusing to help authorities In an attack on trendy tech bosses, he raged: “Sitting on a bean-bag wearing a T-shirt doesn’t make you some freedom-loving hippie. “They love their shareholdings, their super yachts and their billions.” He called managers “ruthless money-makers” who thought nothing of flogging their users’ personal information. PA:Press Association 4 Police lay flowers in tribute to the victims of the Manchester terror attack Home Secretary warns members of Manchester bomber's network could still be on run He said: “But when we, the state, say we have processes and warrants and ask for that same type of data, we get this very twisted view of, ‘Ah, but that’s surveillance’.” He said despite the removal of images “if you go on to YouTube you can be led down a path to watching more and more”. MOST READ IN POLITICS JEZ GUN ROW Video of Corbyn saying he opposes shoot-to-kill policy rises to the top of BBC website in wake of London attack 'ENOUGH IS ENOUGH' Theresa May says Britain is too tolerant of jihadist ideology and vows to take a hard line against terror 'not on our side' Two Muslim groups have been slammed for failing to condemn the Manchester attack TOO SOON? Jeremy Corbyn attacks PM over terror and police cuts accusing her of trying to protect Brits on the cheap NUKING THEIR CHANCES Corbyn's spin doctor brands idea Labour leader would defend UK with nukes as 'bonkers' TIME TO CHANGE Michael Gove says EU citizens can come after Brexit but WON'T have same access to work or welfare Home Secretary Amber Rudd said some firms were being more helpful than others. She told the BBC: “We are making good progress with the companies who have put in place end-to-end encryption”. “Some of them are being more constructive than others and we will continue to build on that.” Reuters 4 Amber Rudd said that some companies were being more helpful than others in the fight against terrorism PA:Press Association 4 Amber Rudd pictured talking on the Andrew Marr show about Tory security plans But she warned: “The area that I am most concerned about is the internet companies who are continuing to publish the hate publications, the hate material that is contributing to radicalising people in this country.” She added: “What we are doing is challenging the people who are delivering end-to-end encryption to work with us so that we have a way of keeping people safe. “Nobody wants terrorists to have a safe place to exchange information and to be able to plot their terrible atrocities.” SHOW YOUR SUPPORT FOR THE VICTIMS OF THE MANCHESTER ARENA ATTACK We have launched a Together With Manchester appeal – to raise money for families of the victims of the Arena bomb. News UK, publisher of The Sun, has made a corporate donation of £100,000 to the appeal. Here’s how you can show your support…. ONLINE: www.justgiving.com/TogetherWithManchester TEXT: Text TWMC50 and amount to 70070 – eg TWMC50 £5 (you can donate £1, £2, £3, £4, £5 or £10) Amber Rudd attacks Diane Abbott for claim on changing her IRA views The Sun Topics amber rudd Conservative Party counter-terrorism Manchester terror attack 2017 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular TRAGIC TOT Newborn baby girl dies after trainee midwife mistakenly monitors MUM'S heart rate instead of the child's News seconds from slaughter ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge terror attack as chilling video shows jihadi killers stalking pubs looking for revellers to slaughter in deadly rampage News 'OLIVIA WOULDN'T WANT US TO CRY' Ariana Grande pays tribute to Manchester terror victim Olivia Campbell, 15, in front of 50,000 defiant fans before emotional performance with schoolgirl, 12 News DODGING DEATH Tourist reveals he survived London Bridge terror attack by 'ducking and weaving' after being stabbed in the neck News body makeover Alex Reid drops ten per cent of his body fat to take part in a bodybuilding competition TV & Showbiz Revealed BRAINWASHED ON YOUTUBE? Ex-Tube worker and Arsenal-supporting family man 'Abz' who tried to radicalise young kids in park 'watched extremist YouTube videos' before London Bridge rampage News GRANDE GESTURE Ariana Grande changed whole Manchester One Love set list for fan who passed away TV & Showbiz Pictured 'SHE HAD ROOM IN HER HEART FOR EVERYONE' First picture of 'beautiful and loving' Canadian charity worker killed in London Bridge terror attack after moving to Europe to be with her fiancé News Exclusive holiday reading Antonio Conte is spending summer break poring over Chelsea player data... to avoid repeat of Jose Mourinho's disastrous title defence Football Comment DOUGLAS MURRAY Never mind singing John Lennon songs... if we want peace then we need one thing - less Islam News PHONIES EXPOSED Hilarious gallery reveals the cheaters who were caught out by some VERY awkward text fails Living BOUNCER'S BRAVE CHARGE Doorman 'saved countless lives' by pelting jihadis with bottles, glasses and bar stools and driving them into gun cops' sights News Exclusive this gnawing Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield furious after plagues of mice and moths invade This Morning set TV & Showbiz ‘THE WOLVES HAVE AWAKENED’ Sick ISIS thugs celebrate London Bridge terror rampage and call for more attacks News The cheek of it Emily Ratajkowski lets a female pal rub mud in to her bare bum during hot spring visit TV & Showbiz Just Published Breaking TERROR IN DAGENHAM Gunfire heard in Dagenham as armed cops detain several people during swoop on 'terror suspects' News Pictured 'SHE HAD ROOM IN HER HEART FOR EVERYONE' First picture of 'beautiful and loving' Canadian charity worker killed in London Bridge terror attack after moving to Europe to be with her fiancé News FEARS FOR MISSING SPANIARD Spanish HSBC worker, 39, who confronted London bridge attacker as he stabbed woman near Borough Market is still missing News Revealed BRAINWASHED ON YOUTUBE? Ex-Tube worker and Arsenal-supporting family man 'Abz' who tried to radicalise young kids in park 'watched extremist YouTube videos' before London Bridge rampage News THE SUN SAYS Your choice is clear - a PM who will root out extremists or one who has made a career cheering them on News Video 'BRITISH SPIRIT CAPTURED IN SIX SECONDS' Heartwarming moment uniformed cop melts hearts by dancing with young fans at Manchester tribute concert in wake of terror attacks News TOO SOON? Jeremy Corbyn attacks PM over terror and police cuts accusing her of trying to protect Brits on the cheap News Moaner's booze gaffe Dozy motorist who followed a cop to a police station to complain about his driving is arrested for being over booze limit News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Home Today Today Culture Arts & Entertainment Health & Wellness Native Recipes Pow Wows Social Issues Sports Thing About Skins History Events Genealogy People Sacred Places Traditional Societies Education Native American Students Native Education Native Studies/Tribal Colleges News Business Cartoons Environment First Nations Indigenous Peoples Native News Opinions Politics Veterans Travel Casinos & Resorts Destinations Free Reports Article Archive Calendar Classifieds Directories Nations Education Books Magazine My Library About Us Account Advertising Authors Browse Topics Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Glossary Keyword Index Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Sign In Register Subscribe Home Today Culture Education History News Travel Calendar Classifieds Directories Nations Education Free Reports Books Magazine My Library Trading Post Sign In Register Subscribe Native News The Week That Was: The Big Stories in Indian Country, May 28, 2017 A budget boondoggle, a bison bonanza and more DAPL this past week in Indian country ICMN Staff • May 28, 2017 A federal budget boondoggle for Indian country, a Google Doodle nod, and a bison bonanza, all in the Week That Was, May 28, 2017. BUDGET BOONDOGGLE: President Donald Trump proposed a federal budget that will cause “tremendous fiscal pain” to Indian country if passed, wrote Kevin K. Washburn, former Assistant Secretary of Indian Affairs at the U.S. Department of the Interior. MARCH AGAINST MONSANTO: While Trump and his cronies and relatives line their pockets and cut the national coffers, people are still pushing back against the practice of equating corporate profit with public prosperity. Most recently was the sixth annual worldwide march against Monsanto, which took place in 200 cities throughout more than 60 countries. The marchers were protesting the pesticides and genetically modified foods that the corporate giant is notorious for producing. DAPL DOOM: The giant bank corporation U.S. Bank has amended its Environmental Responsibility Policy to ban funding oil and gas pipelines. And a big-data analysis revealed that contrary to the protestations of pipeline companies about their adherence to safety, spills happen all the time. And in the bombshell department, The Intercept published an investigation showing the lengths—and depths—that Energy Transfer Partners went to in monitoring and interfering with water protectors at Standing Rock. GOOGLE DOODLE DOO: Google Doodle acknowledged Mohawk activist Richard Oakes on what would have been his 75th birthday. During much of the ’60s and ’70s, Oakes, an alumni of San Francisco State University, peacefully protested for the rights and recognition of Native American peoples. Born on May 22, 1942 in Akwesasne, New York, he was murdered at age 30. BEARS EARS DOS AND DON’TS: Confusion has reigned over what can and can’t be done at Bears Ears National Monument. There is, in fact, a FAQ issued by the Bureau of Land Management that details some Bears Ears dos and don’ts. Some want the designation rescinded. BISON BONANZA: First a buffalo calf was born on the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming, the first progeny of a herd the Eastern Shoshone and Northern Arapaho tribes received last year. Then the Bronx Zoo in New York City, which had received eight bison from the Fort Peck Indian Reservation last November, welcomed no fewer than six calves. SUFFERING SALMONIDS: A new study found that most of the migrating salmon and trout in California could become extinct within a century if stronger measures are not taken to save them now. Nearly half of all salmon species face extinction in 50 years if trends in the state stay the same, scientific assessment found. THIS WEEK IN CULTURAL APPROPRIATION: A 42-foot tall totem pole carved by Brad Bolton, a white man with no traditional training in Native carving, was nixed by the board of the Oregon Country Fair in Veneta, Oregon, after carving-family members of the Siletz, Grand Ronde and several other tribes spoke out against it, one of them calling it “the worst appropriation I’ve ever seen.” Tangental to the appropriation theme is that of racism, which came up when a woman put herself in redface at a parade—she said it was theater, the ACLU and Natives said, Um, no. NATIVE FOSTER HOMES NEEDED: During National Foster Care Month, tribal nations have been raising awareness about the need for more Native foster homes in the United States, reports Suzette Brewer. One of the major areas of focus this year has been addressing the shortage of certified Native homes for children in state custody, as the majority of tribal children in foster care are in non-Native placements. THERE’S AN APP FOR THAT: Indian Country Media Network has launched its new digital books publication platform, with its first title The Bering Strait Theory, by historian Alexander Ewen (Purepecha), available for sale at Indiancountrymedianetwork/books. In addition, having achieved the milestone of receiving approval to be sold on the Apple’s app store, Indian Country magazine is now available for reading on the iPad, and subscriptions are available in the more than 230 countries served by iTunes newsstand around the world. Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Download our free report, Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain, to understand this fascinating concept. Related Articles The Week That Was: The Big Stories in Indian Country, June 4, 2017 Archambault Acquitted on DAPL Charges How Did I Miss That? Ariana Grande Photoshopped and Second-Hand Smoke of Ceremony The Rising Homegrown Terror Threat On the Right TigerSwan, Counter-Terrorism and NoDAPL: 10 Astonishing Revelations in ‘The Intercept’ Report Tags alexander ewen, Arapaho, Bears Ears, bering strait, bering strait theory, bison, cultural appropriation, DAPL, Donald Trump, fort peck indian reservation, in native, indian, indian country, indian country magazine, indian country media, indian country media network, indian reservation, native, native american, native american peoples, native homes, Siletz, Standing Rock, suzette brewer, the bering strait theory, tribal, tribal nations, Water Protectors, wind river reservation. Comments First L. May 29, 2017 Thank you for such a fine magazine I downloaded the info on Trauma and wonder if there are any current articled on Native Vets. Beyond what I downloaded. Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Browse Topics Culture Arts & Entertainment Health & Wellness Native Recipes Pow Wows Social Issues Sports Thing About Skins History Events Genealogy People Sacred Places Traditional Societies Education Native American Students Native Education Native Studies/Tribal Colleges News Business Cartoons Environment First Nations Indigenous Peoples Native News Opinions Politics Veterans Travel Casinos & Resorts Destinations Free Reports 101 Tips for Landing Native American Scholarships and Grants for College 50 Must-See Modern Native American Movies and Performances Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, Geronimo, Tecumseh and other Heroes of Native Resistance Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Native Resorts, Spas and Casinos that Support and Reflect the Spirit of their Communities Interested in more information on Native Indian Nation? Visit Our Nations Directory Credit Card Identification Number This number is recorded as an additional security precaution. American Express 4 digit, non-embossed number printed above your account number on the front of your card. Visa 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the of the card immediately following the card account number. MasterCard 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the back of the card. × Enter Your Log In Credentials Email Password Remember Me Lost your password? Create New Password No password? Sign up × × Indian Country Media Network 5218 Patrick Road Verona, NY 13478 © 2017 Indian Country Today Media Network, all rights reserved. Today Culture Education History News Travel Free Reports Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, Geronimo, Tecumseh and other Heroes of Native Resistance 101 Tips for Landing Native American Scholarships and Grants for College Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain More Free Reports Calendar Classifieds Directories Books Magazine My Library Browse Topics Article Archive Keyword Index Glossary Contact Us Advertising About Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Account Authors Today Culture History Education News Travel Indian Country Media Network 5218 Patrick Road Verona, NY 13478 © 2017 Indian Country Today Media Network, all rights reserved. Total: 32 25 2 0 1 2 2 32 Share Tweet +1 Pin LinkedIn Digg Del StumbleUpon Tumblr VKontakte Print Email Flattr Reddit Share Love Weibo Pocket Xing Odnoklassniki ManageWP.org WhatsApp Meneame Blogger Amazon Yahoo Mail Gmail AOL Newsvine HackerNews Evernote MySpace Mail.ru Viadeo Line Flipboard Comments Yummly SMS Viber Telegram Subscribe Skype Facebook Messenger Kakao LiveJournal x Send this to friendYour emailRecipient emailYour message Hi, I thought you might find this interesting: The Week That Was: The Big Stories in Indian Country, May 28, 2017 URL: https://indiancountrymedianetwork.com/news/native-news/week-indian-country-may-28-2017/ SendCancel
LinkedIn Sign in Join now Main content starts below. When Bias in Product Design Means Life or Death Published on November 16, 2016 Carol Reiley FollowFollowingUnfollowCarol Reiley Sign in to follow this author During my PhD studies, I had programmed a demo using Microsoft’s speech recognition API to build a human-robot interface to showcase our autonomous surgical robotic system. But, because the API had been built mainly by 20–30 year old men, it did not recognize my voice. I had to forcibly lower my pitch in order for it to work. As a result, I was not able to present my own work. Although I had built the demo, when showing the system to distinguished visitors at the university, we would always ask a male graduate student to lead the demo because the speech system recognized their voice but not mine. AI speech recognition systems have improved dramatically since the early 2000s, but there are still many struggles with AI products. This is problematic when your target customers fall in one of these groups, such as when Hello Barbie, Mattel’s artificially intelligent Barbie, struggled to recognize the voices of the very children intended to play with it (this on top of the highly controversial and even sexist content Hello Barbie was programmed with). While Hello Barbie and my own AI experience during my PhD studies were both disappointing, they point to much heavier consequences in the larger picture. The lack of diversity and inclusion in AI, and in overall product development, is not merely a social or cultural concern. There is a blindspot in the development process that affects the general public. When applied to products where safety is a factor, it becomes a question of life and death. My intention is not to simply complain about the lack of diversity in engineering. However, because of the dire consequences, I cannot stand quietly by and feel it’s my duty to push the industry towards change, especially as AI becomes an increasingly large part of our lives. Bias in Automotive Design and Safety Every time you step into a vehicle, you’re putting your life into the hands of the people who made the design and engineering decisions behind every feature. When the people making those decisions don’t understand or account for your needs, your life is at risk. Historically, automotive product design and development has been largely defined by men. In the 1960s, the vehicular test crash protocol called for testing with dummies modeled after the average male with its height, weight, and stature falling in the 50th percentile. This meant seatbelts were designed to be safe for men and, for years, we sold cars that were largely unsafe for women, especially pregnant women. Consequently, female drivers are 47% more likely to be seriously injured in a car crash.Thankfully, this is starting to shift — in 2011, the first female crash test dummies were required in safety testing — but we are still building on 50+ years of dangerous design practices for automobiles. Gender is only one area where there is a serious lack of diversity in design and engineering. This is equally problematic when it comes to race, ethnicity, socioeconomic class, sexual orientation, and more. For example, Google’s computer vision system labeled African Americans as gorillas, while Microsoft’s vision system was reported to fail to recognize darker skinned people. Today, one of the most prominent applications of computer vision is self-driving cars, which rely on these systems to recognize and make sense of the world around them. If these systems don’t recognize people of every race as human, there will be serious safety implications. I hope we never live in a future where self-driving cars are more likely to hit one racial group or prioritize the life of some races over others. Unfortunately, when a single homogeneous group is designing and engineering the vast majority of technology, they will consciously and unconsciously pass on their own biases. A Wider Inclusion Problem Beyond transportation, we are relying on technology for basic needs like food, communication, education, and much more. For us to live in an equal society, our technology must serve and treat all segments equally. Let’s acknowledge that there is a widespread diversity and inclusion problem with AI today. It doesn’t take more than a quick Google search to uncover a handful of disappointing occasions where we’ve seen AI blatantly discriminate against one group, including: Microsoft’s Tay, an AI “teenage” chatbot which learned from interactions. Within 24 hours of being exposed to the public, Tay took on a racist, sexist, homophobic personality and had to be taken for an indefinite time-out. Apple HealthKit which enabled specialized tracking, such as selenium and copper intake, but neglected to include a women’s period tracker until iOS 9. A study conducted by Lancaster University which concluded that Google’s search engine creates an echo chamber for negative stereotypes regarding race, ethnicity and gender. When you type in the words, “Are women…” into Google, its autocomplete choices are “…a minority,” “…evil,” “…allowed in combat,” or, last but not least, “…attracted to money.” Despite these recent blunders, Silicon Valley has simply moved past denial to acceptance. That’s not good enough. We need to take direct and actionable steps toward changing AI culture and creating products that are safe for all segments of society. So how do we do that? Safer Products Begin with Diverse Teams While one segment can have a certain level of empathy when developing products for others, we have seen time and again how having a homogenous team results in designs biased toward that particular group. It’s tempting to think that the sheer size of data available can get around the issue. Unfortunately, that’s not the case. These algorithms works by comparing one data model to similar ones from the past and it takes a healthy dose of human judgment to figure out what the right context for a particular data model is. Engineering teams have a significant hand in defining these models and, thereby, the resulting technology. Even the most well-intentioned developers can be simply unaware of their own narrow perspective and how that may unconsciously affect the products they create. For example, white men often overestimate the presence and impact of minorities. Geena Davis Institute for Gender in Media found that white men viewing a crowd with 17% women perceived it to be 50–50, and when it was 33% women, they perceived it to be majority women. A simple overestimation like this illustrates how difficult it can be to see the world from another’s perspective. Because software engineering, especially in the nascent self-driving car space, is a high paying career path, many have advanced the cause of giving more minority groups these opportunities. However, there’s an even more important reason for minority groups to work in the autonomous driving field — the opportunity to design products that will impact and improve millions of diverse lives equally. I encourage all tech companies to (as a start): -first be aware and honest about the current state of diversity on their engineering, product, and leadership teams. But awareness doesn’t provide solutions to the problem. -Set trackable metrics and goals quarter by quarter. It’s important to bake-in inclusion requirements from day one and for it to be a key consideration, if not a priority, as the company and product develops.  -Product teams need to do early and iterative end-user testing. Constantly. And from day one. -Every employee at the company needs to make their voice heard even if they aren’t the ones designing or coding the product. Companies also need to create an ecosystem to encourage, listen, and to implement changes from these voices. I welcome feedback and other insights/suggestions others have. The lack of diversity in AI is not merely a social or cultural concern. It’s really a life or death safety issue. To build safer products that recognize the equal value and humanity of all people, we must first have diverse perspectives and voices from a diverse team. I refuse to believe that it’s harder to hire minority candidates than it is to build self-driving cars. Originally published in Techcrunch FollowFollowingUnfollowCarol Reiley Sign in to follow this author Carol Reiley 1 article Looking for more of the latest headlines on LinkedIn?Discover more stories Sign up Help Center About Press Blog Developers Careers Advertising Talent Solutions Sales Solutions Small Business Mobile Language Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Malaysia Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Español 繁體中文 Français 한국어 Italiano 简体中文 Nederlands 日本語 Norsk Polski Português Română Русский Svenska Tagalog ภาษาไทย Türkçe العربية SlideShare Online Learning LinkedIn Influencers Search Jobs Directories Members Jobs Pulse Topics Companies Groups Universities Titles ProFinder LinkedIn Corporation © 2017 User Agreement Privacy Policy Community Guidelines Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Unsubscribe
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter UK UK politics education media society law scotland more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › media home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Privacy & the media Publishers call for rethink of proposed changes to online privacy laws Warning that new regulations will give Google, Apple and Facebook too much control of advertising and personal data Publishers argue that new regulations relating to cookies would leave digital giants such as Google and Facebook in control. Photograph: Yui Mok/PA Privacy & the media Publishers call for rethink of proposed changes to online privacy laws Warning that new regulations will give Google, Apple and Facebook too much control of advertising and personal data Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Mark Sweney @marksweney email Sunday 28 May 2017 19.01 EDT An alliance of news publishers has called on European regulators to rethink proposed changes to online privacy laws, arguing that they will potentially kill their digital businesses and give Google, Apple and Facebook too much control of advertising and personal data. More than two dozen leading publishers – including the Financial Times, Guardian, Le Monde, Spiegel, Telegraph, Daily Mail and Les Echoes – have signed a letter to the European parliament, which is deliberating proposals to tighten up how data is gathered and used by web companies. The publishers argue that new regulations relating to “cookies” – small files that remember users’ digital habits therefore allowing the targeting of relevant ads – could cut off their ability to build digital revenue. Currently, when users visit an individual website or app they are asked if they will consent to a cookietracking them. Under the European commission’s plans, consumers will in the future instead be asked to make a single choice to accept, or reject, cookies from all websites and apps only on one single occasion on their phone or browser. Publishers argue that creating a single “switch” will most likely result in consumers taking the simplest route of opting out of all cookies, leaving them with scant information to support their targeted advertising models. In turn, this would leave the few digital giants used by most consumers to access the web, and those like Facebook that have their own giant data mining capability, in control. “Given that 90% of [digital] usage across Europe is concentrated in the hands of just four companies: Google, Apple, Microsoft and Mozilla, this [proposal]... has the potential to exacerbate the asymmetry of power between individual publishers and these global digital gateways,” the letter says. “The current ePrivacy proposals will result in the data of European digital citizens being concentrated in the hands of a few global companies, as a result of which digital citizens will become less protected. It will give those global companies a tighter grip on the personal data of European digital citizens.” Under the proposals, publishers would be allowed to lobby consumers to go into their settings and unblock individual sites and “white list” them, but news organisations believe that in practice this would prove to be an extremely difficult task. The proposal has been compared to the ad-blocking battle in which publishers ask the increasing number of those who use the software to turn it off, or add their businesses to a white list, explaining how advertising is essential income for many digital news businesses. The proposals are likely to further exacerbate the huge issue publishers already face as Google and Facebook sweep up as much as 90% of all new digital display advertising. “The practice of serving relevant advertising to readers is now an established norm in the advertising industry, and is essential to ensure that publishers can compete with Google and Facebook who already control 20% of total global advertising spend,” the letter says. “If as a result of these proposals news publishers were unable to serve relevant advertising to our readers, this would reduce our ability to compete with the capabilities of dominant digital platforms for digital advertising revenues, ultimately undermining our ability to invest in high quality journalism across Europe,” the letter says. In recent months, Google, which owns YouTube, and Facebook have faced a barrage of criticism for allowing ads to run next to inappropriate content such as extremist videos. The companies have also faced a number of issues that have hurt their previously unquestioned ability to accurately target ads, such as brands being charged for ads viewed by “bots”, computer programmes mimicking an internet user, and Facebook admitting to a number of measurement errors. “The Commission’s ePrivacy proposals will make it more difficult to ensure transparency ... and remove any distinction between publishers who place a high value on trust of their users, and those who do not,” the publishers’ letter says. However, the bad press has so far failed to dent their popularity with advertisers with Google and Facebook enjoying a near duopoly of control of the £11bn UK digital advertising market. Publishers say that they support the overall objective of the draft “ePrivacy” regulation, which they say has the “potential to clean up the digital economy”, but they need to compete on a fair playing field. “Citizens are rightly concerned about the use of their personal data by third-party companies of whom they have never heard, and have no idea about the role that they play in their digital lives online,” the letter says. “[But] the commission’s proposals threaten to prevent news organisations from delivering basic functionality such as the marketing of products and services, the tailoring of news products to the needs and desires of news consumers, and relevant and acceptable advertising.” Topics Privacy & the media Privacy news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media selected crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Media › Privacy & the media UK UK politics education media society law scotland back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Amazon and Alphabet near '$1,000 Stock Club' USA TODAY Adam Shell 5/28/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why bottled water is one of the biggest scams of the century 10 iconic American companies owned by Chinese investors © Provided by USA Today Wall Street's exclusive "$1,000 Stock Club" could soon be welcoming two new members. Quotes in the article Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 1,006.73 +10.78 +1.08% Berkshire Hathaway Inc BRK.A ▼ 249,660.00 -340.00 -0.14% The stock prices of online retailer Amazon.com and Google parent Alphabet are within a few bucks of $1,000, the latest sign that big, dominant tech companies are driving the U.S. market higher. At their peak Friday, Amazon (AMZN) shares hovered around $999, while internet search giant Alphabet topped $996. (Google first crossed the $1,000 threshold in 2013.) So should Main Street investors cheer when a company passes the $1,000 milestone, or worry? Many Wall Street pros say the figure is just a marker that catches people's attention and has little bearing on the future performance of either the companies or market. But these fast-rising stock prices do raise some yellow flags, even for people with index funds diversified across the broad U.S. economy. For sure, topping a share price of $1,000 is a "trophy" for companies and a clear "sign of success, domination and growth," says Dan Seiver, professor of economics at Cal Poly, San Luis Obispo, in California. Only seven U.S. stocks are trading above that milestone, according to S&P Dow Jones Indices, but three generate very little trading activity. Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A) is the highest-priced stock at $248,540 as of Friday's close Amazon, which is up more than 30% this year and 1,500% since the current bull market for stocks began in 2009, is riding its success as a dominant force in shopping and as a key player in artificial intelligence, where it is best known for its Echo device. Amazon is also huge in the fast-growing "cloud" computing business. Alphabet's Google is the biggest player in the online ad search space.  One potential negative is that Amazon's and Alphabet's commanding positions are the latest signs that the U.S. stock market is being driven by a few big stocks, which makes it vulnerable if they fall out of favor and their shares turn lower. Load Error Major stock indexes like the Standard & Poor's 500 and Nasdaq are weighted by a company's market value. That means the more valuable the company, the bigger the effect it has on the index, both up and down. The five biggest stocks in the S&P 500 (Amazon ranks No. 2 and Alphabet is No. 5) have accounted for nearly one-third of the large-company index's 8% gain this year, says Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices. "It tells you how much narrower the market has become and how much influence (Amazon and Alphabet) have on the stock indexes," says Gary Kaltbaum, president of Kaltbaum Capital Management. If this trend continues, it could be a cause for concern, as "eventually the market (takes down) the big dogs." Michael Farr, president of money-management firm Farr Miller & Washington, warns that investors buying "passive" funds that track indexes like the S&P 500 might have more exposure to tech than they think. "The investment implications of this trend are profound," Farr says. "Investors who think they're getting broad exposure through the purchase of an ETF that tracks the S&P 500 may not know that they are heavily concentrated in a few stocks."   A market led by a small group of highly valued companies, he adds, could be a sign of an "aging" bull market. "Participation by a broader base of stocks in a wide range of industries shows conviction in the economic outlook," Farr explains, "as well as the ability of U.S. companies to grow earnings." When a stock gets very high, it's also less affordable for individual investors. "It makes the stock a little less accessible in the eye of the retail investor," says Lindsey Bell, market strategist at CFRA, a Wall Street research firm. When a company gets as expensive as Amazon, she believes it should consider splitting its stock to make it more affordable, as Amazon did three times in the late 1990s. And Apple, for example, in June 2014, did a 7-for-1 stock split which increased its pool of shares by seven times and reduced each share's price from roughly $645 to $92. Paul Hickey, co-founder of Bespoke Investment Group, sees one benefit to a stock being out of reach for most investors: "It could lessen volatility (or wild price swings)," he says. "With a higher share price, there is a tendency to see less 'fast' money going in and out of the stock." One Wall Street pro equates pricey shares with a frothy market.  "When I hear a stock is at $1,000 I always think it's a bubble no matter what the company," says Chris Rupkey, chief financial economist at MUFG Union Bank. Alphabet is trading at nearly 35 times earnings, nearly double the price-to-earnings ratio of the S&P 500. Amazon's P-E is north of 180 times earnings. "These stock valuations are pretty high," Rupkey says. "Investors better hope these two companies business models are sustainable for the long haul." Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Durant, Curry score 65, Warriors take 2-0 lead USA TODAY 12 arrested after London attack; ISIS claims responsibility USA TODAY Britain attacks: Lack of pattern puts officials on edge USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell has 12GB RAM, graphics card, & more! Listen to music underwater! Pre-order Madden NFL 18 today! ASUS 2-in-1: All day battery, only $249 Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
News & Reviews Last 7 Days Select a Make Select a Make Select a Model Select a Model SEARCH Car Advice Select a Make Select a Make Select a Model Select a Model CAR REVIEWS CAR REVIEWS CAR COMPARISONS LONG-TERM REPORTS LIFESTYLE REVIEWS SPEED DATE REVIEWS TOP 5 CARS OWNER CAR REVIEWS COMPARE SPECS CAR NEWS CAR NEWS PODCAST TIMELINE NEW CAR CALENDAR INDUSTRY SALES RESULTS SHOWROOMS SHOWROOMS GALLERIES VIDEOS MORE FINANCE ADVICE TECHNOLOGY DIY OPINION ASK CAR ADVICE BEST PRICE BOAT ADVICE CONTACT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE ABOUT US CAREERS AUTHORS COMMUNITY GUIDELINES Select a Make Select a Make Select a Model Select a Model SEARCH RESEARCH A CAR OR Search Reviews Select a Make Select a Make Select a Model Select a Model Search Search by Bodytype & Price Small Cars Medium Cars Large Cars People Movers UTE SUV Sports Cars Convertibles Luxury Cars Min Price Min Price $0 $10,000 $15,000 $20,000 $25,000 $30,000 $40,000 $50,000 $60,000 $70,000 $80,000 $90,000 $100,000 $120,000 $150,000 $200,000+ Max Price Max Price $0 $10,000 $15,000 $20,000 $25,000 $30,000 $40,000 $50,000 $60,000 $70,000 $80,000 $90,000 $100,000 $120,000 $150,000 $200,000+ Search Car News 24 Comments Google’s Waymo is speeding away in autonomous vehicle progress ARTICLE PHOTOS by James Wong Journalist 7 days ago Waymo, the self-driving division of global technology giant Google, appears to be leaving other companies in the dust when it comes to autonomous vehicle development – according to new reports out of the US. CNBC reports that Waymo, owned by Google’s parent Alphabet, is charging ahead of companies like Ford and Tesla in its driverless vehicle development. The most recent data (from six months ago) shows the firm had driven 635,867 miles (1,023,328km), with the average failure rate sitting at 5127 miles (8251km) per disengagement – the moment when the human supervisor must re-take control to prevent an incident. Meanwhile, Ford – which plans to introduce its driverless fleet around 2021 – had only driven 590 miles (949km), with a failure rate of 196 miles (315km) per disengagement. It is worth noting, however, that these numbers are specific to California, and Ford does much of its testing in Michigan. Above: Ford Fusion with autonomous sensor systems Google has driven over 1000 times more miles autonomously in California than the US automotive giant, with other companies like Tesla (550 miles, 3 miles/disengagement) and Mercedes-Benz (673 miles, 2 miles/disengagement) also lagging behind. Of all the car companies, General Motors (GM) has completed the most distance using autonomous technology (9668 miles), while BMW has the best failure rate (638 miles/disengagement). Earlier this week Ford’s Smart Mobility chief, Jim Hackett, was promoted to the CEO role after former boss Mark Fields retired, hinting that the Blue Oval is wanting to put more focus on driverless technology, especially considering the company was so bold in its forecast of a 2021 introduction for its autonomous ride-sharing fleet. According to the report, Waymo has a fleet of around 60 autonomous-capable vehicles – which includes the Chrysler Pacifica people mover (top) – while Ford only has a pair of Fusion sedans (known here as the Mondeo). MORE: Autonomous vehicle coverage MORE: Ford news, reviews, comparisons and video MORE: Google news MORE: Waymo news SHARE THIS ARTICLE RELATED VIDEOS Toyota Yaris v Mazda2 comparison Porsche Sport Driving School Master Class review CarAdvice News Desk: The weekly wrap for June 2, 2017 2018 Volvo XC60 review BEST SELLING CARS 1 Toyota HiLux 2 Ford Ranger 3 Toyota Corolla 4 Mazda 3 5 Mazda CX-5 6 Hyundai i30 7 Toyota Camry 8 Holden Colorado 9 Toyota Landcruiser 10 Hyundai Tucson CAR REVIEWS Car Reviews Car Comparisons Owner Car Reviews Compare Specs   Car News Showrooms Videos Our Picks CONTACT US Contact Us Advertise About Us Careers Authors FOLLOW US ON Facebook Twitter Youtube Google+ Instagram Podcast Subscribe CarAdvice Copyright 2006 - 2017 | CarAdvice.com Limited | ABN: 84 116 608 158 | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy Partner site Boat Reviews, News and Videos Unless otherwise stated, all prices are shown as Manufacturer's Recommended List Price (MRLP) inclusive of GST, exclusive of options and on road costs. 1496625796 - 0.2.680
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming T-Mobile offers to pay for Verizon switchers’ phones, two-lines-for-one deal also coming May 24, 2017 Alex Wagner 108 Comments Yesterday T-Mobile CEO John Legere teased that T-Mo had multiple announcements coming up, and today a couple of them have been made. Starting May 31st, T-Mobile will kick off its #GetOutoftheRed promotion to help Verizon customers switch to T-Mo. Verizon customers in good standing with their carrier can get their iPhone or Google Pixel paid off by T-Mobile when they switch to T-Mobile and sign up for T-Mobile One, and they can keep their existing device. The phones that qualify for this promotion include the iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, Google Pixel, and Google Pixel XL. T-Mobile says that these devices were selected because “phones need certain software to be globally compatible, and some phones don’t yet have that software.” Magenta does say that it’s working with unspecified device makers to make more phones compatible with this promotion. Additionally, Verizon customers switching to T-Mobile must add T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan to their device to qualify. This insurance plan costs $15 per month and includes protection against loss, theft, and accidental damage, McAfee ID Protection, McAfee Content Protection, and other features. T-Mobile says that it’ll pay Verizon customers that take advantage of this promotion with a digital prepaid MasterCard card that typically arrives within 15 days. While this #GetOutoftheRed promotion is focused on Verizon customers (because VZW phones are unlocked), T-Mobile is doing something for AT&T and Sprint subscribers, too. Starting on May 31st, AT&T and Sprint customers can switch to T-Mobile and get their existing device paid off when they buy a new phone from T-Mobile on EIP. And unlike Carrier Freedom, those customers won’t be forced to trade in their existing device. Finally, T-Mobile says that starting tomorrow, May 25th, T-Mobile One customers with at least two voice lines can get two additional lines of service for the price of one. The cost of the second line will be offset by a bill credit. Our friends over at Wirefly have a great tool to compare T-Mobile plans against each other and against other plans on the market. Source: T-Mobile Tags: AT&T, Get Out of the Red, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL, iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus, iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, iPhone SE, John Legere, Sprint, Verizon About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Arsenal, beer, video games. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← T-Mobile Galaxy S6 edge+ update includes security patches, intermittent call failure fix T-Mobile increases deprioritization threshold to 32GB → resource Bill credits, run for your life! (J²) Right… I’d found that the system doesn’t consistently apply these. TylerCameron Yeah their billng process it’s horrible Steve_NYC So true. I actually considered moving to the T-Mobile One Plan even though it would have cost me more money, just to get away from the insanity of their bill credit process. I finally got things straightened out, but I am sure it will be a problem in the future. It’s gotten to the point that I think it’s deliberate. Mike I had a free line from November that I had to call in every month. to get credit. They finally fixed it to be automatic this month. best part I got extra bill credits for months since last November and my bill is now negative so I didn’t have to make a payment this month. Al William So in order to get the free line, you need to have at least a total of 4 voice lines? Corey Jalette You need to have 2 voice lines to get this promo, which you get 2 lines for the price of 1. So in total you end up woth 4 lines, 1st 2 have to be voice, the 2 you’re adding could be whatever you want. So if you’re on the 2/100 plan right now if you add 2 tablets it would be 120 a month (20 per tablet but 1 is free) or if you add 2 voice lines it would be 140 (40 for adding a 3rd line then 4th is free) Al William Thanks for the clarification! So minimum 2 voice lines and the other 2 could be voice or data. I just wish they get rid of these bill credits. Sometimes it’s such a nightmare. Corey Jalette It can be yes but that’s how pretty much everything is done. Just like they had a free line deal in march it’s listed on my account as a free line on us but I still get the charge on my bill, but it’s auto credited. The only time it wasn’t was the first month because I added it before the end of the billing cycle. Cost $49 but they also credited my account manually that one time. Haven’t had an issue since. AWasserberg7 This article mentions Magenta. What *is* Magenta? Is that some cute term of affection for T-Mobile? kev2684 Are you serious? It’s their brand color. VZW = Red AT&T = Blue T-Mobile = Magenta Sprint = Yellow Nobody Special Cricket (umm, green) lol Genecio MetroPCS= Purple Black&Orange= Boost The Waz Just confirmed by T-Force that if you have a 2 for 100 plus a “this ones on us promo” giving you total 3 lines, you will lose your free line if you take advantage of the promotion of 2 for 1 tomorrow. They stated that they have to move you to a different Tmobile One plan….makes no sense since there is only 1 plan…… Corey Jalette This is ONLY if you’re adding a voice line people. If you’re adding tablet/smartwatch/mobile Internet plans that doesn’t affect your phone plan promo of 2/100. Corey Jalette Add 2 tablets with unlimited data on your plan for $20/month. They frequently have a free tablet promo with qualifying data plan. Snatch those up and you’re golden. The Waz Yes this will affect both. IF you have the 2 for 100 and the “this one is on us” free line….you will lose both promotions…confirmed with t force and John directly. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. Yea this is very strange Corey Jalette Not the case, I was able to add 1 more tablet line to my plan for half off yesterday. 2/100 all in promo with 1 free tablet line from March. Now 1 more tablet at half off. 4/$110 not including any kickbacks which both phone lines usually stay under 2gb so 4/$90 now. Had to pay the sim/activation charge of $25 +tax, and my first month will cost about $40 for adding midway through billing cycle. Then $10 or less(if kickback is on). Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. So yea im wondering is anyone can find a loophole or something Andrew Singleton the reason is that you’re on a 2-line promotional plan paying $20 less than everyone else, and you’ve added a line. since you’re unable to add another line on that plan, you are forced to switch to a 3+ line plan, and that will cause activation-related discounts to drop. Corey below is correct, because internet lines (tablet, watch, syncup drive) are their own rate plan and don’t affect your voice configuration. Ben Also why can’t the t force reps do this. Seems very simple. chnage to the 4 plan rate, open the C-2 documentation, search this one on us, ask supervisor to open the page, enter the code on my account to reflect the 4th line as being free. And then add the 1 for 2 lines, or 50 percent off a one more line. This way I keep hookup and this one on us promo. and also eligible for future lines down the road. J Gerard Yeah! Let’s switch to T-MOBILE because we want to not be able to make phone calls half the time, and not have a signal to look something up when we actually need it. Oh yeah, and to not be able to upload pictures of something fun that we’re doing until we’re at home connected to WiFi later that night or the next day. Before any of you “magenta” fans TRIES to defend them… I’ve been a Verizon customer for about 12 years except for 6 months last year, when I switched because of crappy TMobile’s cheap prices and convincing (misleading) advertising. It was HORRIBLE. I used to get pissed and call them to ask why I could never get a signal. After 6 months, I finally admitted to myself that it was a ridiculous mistake and switched back to The Red! NEVER any issues with Verizon’s service. Never. “Magenta” is only good at talking a big game. If anyone’s thinking about switching to T-Mobile, DON’T DO IT. They are the worst. Go to any other carrier. Doesn’t have to be Verizon. kev2684 It’s all about location, location, location. Just because your area is bad, doesn’t mean everybody will have the same problem as you. J Gerard … EXCEPT that I live in a city. Oh, and Verizon’s coverage is flawless here. I happen to also know (through friends) that AT&T and Sprint are good here, too. Oh, but it’s all about location, location, location. Weak argument. T-Mobile just sucks! There’s a reason it’s so CHEAP! Austin8480 … OK JGerard. Next time, PLEASE use all capital letters to truly get YOUR point across. What I find PATHETIC is that you are a die hard Verizon turd in a TMobile blog. Oh wait, I meant Verizon TURD. Forgot to emphasize that. NOBODY in this room gives a flying —- about your opinion because you slummed it for 6 months and went to Magenta and it was as big of a mistake as…well, I will let you figure it out. J Gerard You were so busy typing a 3rd grade level post that you forgot to make a point. Here’s one for you: T-Mobile is inferior to almost all other carriers. Austin8480 If T-Mobile is so inferior, why are you even giving this blog the time of day. Are you upset that no kids want to hop in your van and eat your chocolate, so you are going to take out your frustrations on the inferior wireless network? thepanttherlady *Tip* Starbursts don’t melt :D theseanteam The hate is strong in this one. Those six months must have really scarred you or something. When you say almost all other carriers, which ones are you referring to? There are only four major carriers after all. And actually, that argument about location is a pretty strong one. T-Mobile’s network is the fastest in many locations, but can be really poor (or even non-existent) in others. The same can be said about everyone–including Verizon. Every carrier has their strong and weak areas. For someone to deny such would have to either be 1) ignorant 2) biased beyond belief or 3) troll. yankeesusa Yea, it still amazes me that people complain about coverage and then lump everyone else in america as having the same coverage, like we all live in the same area. Oh well. People never learn. I’m just happy tmobile works for me and that my data speeds are the highest iv’e ever had. At my house i’m getting close to 100megs almost every time. But hey i guess that’s not good enough for some. thepanttherlady I moved to Crestline a couple of weeks ago. No service. :'( kev2684 I had to google where that is lol :D Yeah it’s rural Ohio but I suppose Band 12 is coming? I’ve seen sightings on Band 12 in Jacksonville, FL lately as well as other parts of the country it’s currently not available. They’re probably working on it at the moment. thepanttherlady Sorry, I should have been more specific. It’s Crestline, CA. I made the same mistake when I called a county office but only Googled Crestline. Guy was really confused as they don’t have my address there. Took me a minute to figure out he was in Ohio. LOL kev2684 You’re literally live in a mountain! Views must be spectacular! thepanttherlady Some of them really are. :) Zacamandapio Verizon here we gooooooo. By the way, we went to Lake Gregory. :) thepanttherlady I’m literally 7 minutes from there. Went there 2 weekends ago to check it out. Water level is a little on the low side. Met a couple that same night that said they’d drained it for some reason and cited “water politics” because I guess the locals aren’t happy about it. Drove up from the Hesperia side this past Saturday and got to see Lake Silverwood. Will have to check it out this summer. Nice drive but hated seeing so many dead trees. :( ETA: I had to get Frontier (Verizon) internet so I could actually use my cell phone. What really sucks is: 1. I literally just got a hotspot through T-Mobile a month ago when they were offering another free line. It’s unusable. 2. I now HAVE to buy phones that have WiFi calling. Blah! thepanttherlady From the day we moved in 5/7: http://imgur.com/UQHsBZF http://imgur.com/t9Z64Q3 http://imgur.com/tm7ReiU And the lake :) http://imgur.com/1YUxwV9 http://imgur.com/tnGMcoq http://imgur.com/zhY16YK http://imgur.com/eaXr58H http://imgur.com/JO9BHJW Sharti24 Who will you be switching to? thepanttherlady I’m not switching. Yet anyway. I lose service 1/2 way up (or down) the mountain so I’ll probably have to get a very cheap pre-paid service/phone for emergencies in case I break down. Not all turnouts have a call box. I still work in Orange County and T-Mobile works fine most places I go. If it starts to be a problem then I’ll have to consider my options. Sharti24 Have tmobile send you a range extender. Not the one you plug into the internet but the one that has two boxes that boosts signal Berzerker Yeah, if you live in Bumblefuck, Montana, don’t switch. Greg Piller Shoot, I just signed up in Montana for TMO. Guess I’m “bumblefucked” lol. I have traveled to every state and been in EVERY U.S. major city multiple times living in every timezone and 11 states. My goodness you have a warped idea of “crap state”. Montana is paradise partner. You have to be from either NYC or California with that f’ed up mentality. He is right & not just in “crap” places but a lot of places like Chicago, IL where I was born and raised. Verizon & AT&T ARE better, Considerably better now in most places but TMO is gaining on them quickly & may reach parity in a few years. When THAT happens if TMO is still competitive, one would have to be a lunatic to stay with AT&T or Verizon. Berzerker …lol. I never said Montana was a “crap state.” It’s the easiest thing to think of when you think of wilderness where you won’t have service for miles. I could have picked a bunch of states, but Montana has, IIRC, the smallest habitation of humans to state ratio, behind Alaska of course. Easy target. Greg Piller To me 4 lines for $120 with TMO is enough of a savings to ditch AT&T. Verizon & AT&T and some of their customers can be arrogant & I think John Legere is one helluva CEO. I can pick up a burner sim with AT&T’s Cricket when I travel a bit and use it until TMO improves in Montana & then it’s sianara to ATT. Happy to be back with TMO. I was formerly a customer since the Voicestream days but when I moved west couldn’t keep them. Their coverage improvement in Montana & the nation as a whole with him at the helm has been nothing short of INCREDIBLE. I hope if the Sprint deal happens Legere is retained as CEO. mreveryphone Hummm… I travel the country for my job and I rarely have issues with T-Mobile… Is it perfect?? No… But no carrier is.. Verizon worked out for you, that’s great. T-Mobile works for millions, that’s also great. But this butt hurt rant is ridiculous and pure comedy! J Gerard “butt hurt rant” is kind of a dumb way to describe what I’m saying. But, I’ll consider the source, eh? Do you know ANYONE who thinks that T is better than V? Nope. So, the difference between us is that I choose to have a better service and I’m willing to pay a little more for it. You are cheap, and you’re willing to have an inferior service because it’s cheaper. That’s it. You know Verizon is better than T-Mobile Francisco Peña Anyone switching carriers should NEVER just switch without taking advantage of the initial return period. I was with VZW for yrs myself. Loved it, with my UDP that was grandfathered. Even went through one wave of price hikes to stay. Then the wife wanted a non-feature phone, and the price hike for her would have boosted out then $108 monthly payment, to $160 once we got a basic data plan, her line access fee (joke) and a new phone. So I looked into TMo. I purposely bought a phone the yr before that worked with Tmo and VZW (moto X DE) and signed up for one line of TMo, switched my Moto to Tmo and reactivated an older LTE phone I had back on VZW. Then I went around for a week doing speed tests everywhere I went. Stuck in traffic? speed test. Both side by side on the seat. Mall? yup, side by side in my hands. Work? yup. Home? yup. I hated VZW at work because my Moto could never get a signal inside the building, which caused my battery to die quickly each day. TMo? got a strong signal. Home, both were weak, but about the same. Driveway? same. So after 10 days, I went in to TMo and switched. Got 2 new phones (had a deal on G4s then) and was spending $140 for 2 lines/10GB each (was the $100/2L/10GB deal) with those phones. Has it been perfect? no. Has it been enough to switch back? no. After some finagling, got a $70 plan with 6GB each for 2 lines. Then have gotten a free line on top of that.. so now I pay $130 for 3 lines, with 6GB each (two don’t come close, mine has Stash so I’m good) and 2 new G6 phones. So for the price, its awesome. Can I deal with some poor service on the outskirts of town? sure. Oh, that Moto X? got it on the 3rd line… theseanteam I don’t think anyone has ever claimed that T-Mobile has better coverage than Verizon, but the point is it has the same quality of coverage in many places. Where I live, T-Mobile has equal coverage and faster speeds. It might not be like that for you, as everyone’s experience will vary. I’m sure if others suffered with bad service, they would switch carriers as well. But your superiority complex is just silly. mreveryphone I know plenty of people that think T-Mobile is better than VW… And I know people that think the opposite, it depends where you live. The service was inferior for you but not for me by any means… I appreciate the cheap name calling, I’ll be cheap all day if it means saving money but getting better service FOR ME… I’ve had service in buildings where others on VW had 0, I’ve smoked people on VW in data speeds tests so I’ll be cheap all day long!! Lol Vazaha There’s an unwritten agreement when you join T-Mobile that you will refrain from living in or going to crappy places. If you live in a decent place T-Mobile is fine. If T-Mobile sucks in your area, you know why :). Vazaha But seriously, I’m always envious of ATT and V when I go to crap places. tranceformer978 Why are you going to crap places? Melissa Cardenas Well what the hell are you doing on this website then? This is a T-Mobile forum obviously most people on here have T-Mobile and they Happy with it so they ain’t gonna listen to you . T-Mobile did not work in my old house so i had Verizon. Now in my new house Verizon don’t work at all and i had to get T-Mobile again because T-Mobile works here fine , So no carrier is perfect. It all depends on location!! J Gerard I get tech news alerts on my phone and things like this come up sometimes and I click on them. I believe that’s allowed! Apparently, what’s not allowed here is proper grammar and punctuation. I almost had to have your post translated in order to read it, but I figured it out eventually. Where did you go to school? Melissa Cardenas What ever im in a hurry and didn’t have time to spell check .But seriously don’t change the subject i don’t get why people like you come talk trash on a T-Mobile forum. ?? Makes no sense haha . And what ever im PRETTY sure you understood fine what i wrote in my first comment. Bull that you almost had to get it translated. Omar Boyer Melisa hes just being an idiot haha i understood perfectly well your first post. And i see they gave u some thumbs up on that first post so others also understood you no need to translate it . Ignore this lowlife with nothing to do. If he wants to stop making an Azz out of himself he should just block the notifications he gets from here. Melissa Cardenas i have better things to worry about ;) omar. And like you said he should just turn off notifications from here then. Eric Harlow Don’t give J Gerard the satisfaction in getting a reaction out of you and allow him to control the situation don’t dumb down to his level Eric Harlow Get off Melissa Cardenas butt about grammar here. This is a forum! Not a college message board or an college English Composition course. T-mobile has improved drastically within the last 3 years. T-mobile works for me out here in San Diego and in my future home in Missoula, Montana. I have mental disabilities that I got serving in The US Navy for twenty years and I dislike your comments towards Melissa Cardenas. This is a T-mobile fan website to discuss peacefully about T-mobile, so get your BIG RED DUMB AND DUMBER ASS OUT OF HERE. Andrew Addison You just made my night with that bomb diggity comment towards that boozo the snow clown filled with stuffy nose, trying to come off as English weirdo professor correcting people on their grammar fool there Bro. Is this guy here serious right now? He had no reason to talk down to someone like that and also talk down on the finest company/carrier, advising everyone to stay away from the best carrier/company which that one being T-Mobile-MetroPCS. We will forever be way Better in USA than any other carrier would have been. Eric Harlow OOH REALLY!!! HOW AWESOME!! Glad I made your night! RLB63 I actually feel sorry for you. How miserable your life must be for you to spend so much time on a site of a company you seem to hate so much. Cellphone companies aren’t making political statements. Seem way to smart for that. Don’t attack social issues. Attacking T-Mobile worth while to you and to spend so much time. You must not have anything better to do with your life. Eric Harlow I think you were supposed to reply back to J Gerard not me. I have been a T-mobile customer for over ten years and I am happy to be a T-mobile customer. Haze1nut English is a 3rd language for me, behind French and Portuguese. Correct my grammar for me, will you. It obviously makes you feel superior. Ascertion You think everyone that switches to T-Mobile can’t “Make calls half of the time”? You’re out of your mind! Tony Chen agreed, t mobile has gained millions of customers each quarter. if the drop calls were so bad why would t mobile gain 100% of new customers agaIN? another blockbuster quarter by t mobile. moonoverparma Funny, I’ve never had a problem. Nobody Special Several years ago i had a verizon phone (when the iphone’s came out they were the only one that were selling them with unlimited data at that time) and i had T-Mobile flip phone that i was using to make international calls. I have to admit, Verizon was more reliable than T-Mobile during my cell phone usage. I chose T-mobile over Verizon because of many reasons…. but it was never due to their coverage, because their coverage was horrible… but since then their coverage has improved. But i switched primarily due to the inexpensive international calls. That was a deal breaker for me, i was content with the terrible coverage with anticipation that they would improve their service. and with Verizon i was paying around $89 dollars for unlimited data and text and 450 minutes of voice calls. my tmobile line (from what i can remember) was around $78 dollars for unlimited talk and text and data. But fastforward to today, I have 5 Unlimited Everything (data/text/voice) lines with unlimited international calling (mobile+landlines) and international text for a low cost of $110 plus taxes and fees. Believe me i checked, Verizon or AT&T have nothing in comparison to what i have with T-Mobile. And i am not bashing you or Verizon at all, Verizon does have a more reliable coverage area but in the end i sided with T-Mobile over Verizon. If Verizon ever came up with incredible deals like T-Mobile has been doing almost every month i wouldnt turn down a great opportunity. RECAP: Verizon “Better Coverage” T-Mobile “Better Prices” It all boils down to what are you comfortable with. Im comfortable with crappy coverage. And My T-Mobile calls do drop often, but what i do is (i press redial) GOTCHA :) Gust OK so here’s the deal. In the morning when you wake up if you have T-Mobile you have to get up take a shower have breakfast shave go outside of your house in other to make a phone call. If you have AT&T or Verizon in the morning when you wake up you can reach for your cell phone and make a phone call. It is that simple. But you know what I have T-Mobile because over one year it saves me about $200 as compared to AT&T or Verizon. So I put up with the crap! Timothy Poplaski T-Mobile supports WiFi calling. You don’t have home WiFi? DM725 How do you not have wifi calling enabled? Maybe you need to buy a phone from the last 2 years… (My Motorola Nexus 6 Supported Wifi Calling….) RLB63 They have equipment they they will ship out for free with a deposit that will boost their signal on your house if you don’t have Wi-Fi calling. My phone automatically switches on Wi-Fi when I get home. Not for signal or to save data. It’s because with all the talk that cell signals MIGHT cause cancer why risk it? It is able to enable Wi-Fi, and it disables it when I leave the house. So that might be an option if you have Wi-Fi…. Phone Guy All lies. So funny, yet sad. yankeesusa LOL, not everyone lives where you live and have bad coverage with tmobile. 4 years ago i would have never used tmobile, now i no longer have sprint and got rid of my verizon line because tmobile is great for me where i live and work. I just recently drove across florida,georgia,nc and tennesse and had no issues. I was able to test it side by side with an att phone and the whole time both phones had coverage except up in the smokies near newfound gap where no one has signal. Don’t lump everyone in the same pile just because it doesn’t work for you. DM725 LoL, where the hell do you live? eanfoso The only one after verizon is at&t because we know that sprint and us cellular sucks more than t mobile Andrew Singleton T-Mobile has the lowest churn rate (people trying it and leaving) of all carriers. Could you please explain why? J Gerard Ha! Oh, I promise you I don’t feel like an idiot surrounded by people who work themselves up into a breathless rant trying to defend a crappy service. gmo8492 Crappy for who exactly, churn has gone down to record lows and T-Mobile has over 73 million subs, so if it doesn’t work out you can switch. Brad C It’s not for everyone, but has worked damn well for me for 12yrs.. I *actually* tried Verizon a few months ago, and came back after two weeks after awful LTE performance JG You’re cracking me up reading your comments! I have TMo and put up with their spotty coverage because I’m paying less per month staying with them. I can admit that. There is alot I enjoy about TMo, but dropped calls and dead zones IS a reality. I have a band 12 phone in metro PHX. Not sure why others feel the need to berail someone who doesn’t agree with them just for argument’s sake. Timothy Poplaski Because you aren’t saying, “Bad coverage in PHX”, you’re saying “Bad coverage”. I can drive for at least an hour in any direction and have solid coverage. It all depends on where you live, and you’re phone. Even phones with band 12 won’t all have the same results because some phones get better reception than others. So, I won’t even argue about coverage in PHX. Never been there, likely never will, so it just doesn’t matter to me. My excellent coverage probably doesn’t matter to you. It’s all about where you use your phone. navi harriram Dude you could of tested the network out on a $10 weekly plan or $3 daily. You don’t buy cell phone service every day so do the work. The sales rep just wants a commission check so they’ll say anything to get you to switch. That’s why I don’t work for wireless companies anymore. Too much bull to deal with yankeesusa Not everyone is defending a company that may or may not work depending on where you live. But many people actually do research and pick a company that specifically works for your needs depending on your area. I had verizon and sprint before tmobile and i have never ever gotten the speeds i get now not to mention i have great coverage ‘WHERE I LIVE”, YOU SEE, that’s the important thing, i researched and made sure it worked for me. I don’t just blindly select a company just because their commercial says so. Screamin That’s strange because T-Mobile has been #1 in customer service AND satisfaction for well over 2 years now… and yes, that includes coverage. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) I am thinking about switching to Verizon due to poor coverage. In San Diego area I get one to bars. I moved from Minnesota and T-mobile coverage in MN is excellent there with all bars. In San Diego it’s very poor in some areas. When iPhone 8 is release I am switching to Verizon. I love T-mobile plans but coverage in my area is poor. Sharti24 Agreed. On base (32nd street) forget about tmobile coverage. sprint excels on 32nd. go over to corando island its even worse! just throw your phone over board. no tmobile coverage on the air base at all. im using an iphone 6s Band 12 which is deployed in SD yankeesusa I agree, if in your area tmobile is not good and is affecting productivity or just not letting you use your phone to its fullest your’e better off changing. I have great coverage where I live and work and when i travel over 99% of the time i have no issues. But i got my wife on cricket which is att so for the times where tmobile may not get signal i have the att towers just in case. I’m on an old grandfathered single line plan that allows work discount so i’m keeping as long as i can. Screamin Sometimes it’s not always the cell coverage causing the issue, but the phone itself, especially if it’s an older device that supports fewer cell bands. With T-Mobile’s latest acquirement of spectrum you can expect a huge improvement in cell signal, both in range and structure penetration, within the year. Of course you can switch if you want, but they’re only going to get better. They’ve more than doubled the coverage in the past 2 years and have just as much coverage as Verizon with a network that’s actually futureproof unlike the other guys. DM725 Agreed, I know people that don’t realize they are using a phone without band 12, that doesn’t have wifi calling or Volte support, and has an extremely weak antenna. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My phone is iPhone 7 and not an old device: Andrew Singleton if you hold an iphone 7 next to a galaxy s8, the s8 will have more bars every time. that’s due to a more powerful signal on galaxies and the fact that bars don’t mean anything with low-frequency spectrum. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) My roommate is on T-mobile and his current phone is galaxy s8. We experience the same issue. RLB63 Have you talked to T-Mobile C.S.? If they get people complaining about certain areas they tend to look into those areas. Is it outside or inside or both where you have problems? Inside out could be the building. They can seems you a device to boost the signal for your phone. Patel Nisha You couldn’t pay me to use a iPhone . And why would I switch Verizon to T-unmobile. So I can have a sub par data connection with hardly any coverage…. Andrew Why are you on TmoNews, then? Andrew Addison Lol I was just thinking the exact same thing. Lol DM725 I’m sorry you live in a place that T-Mobile doesn’t prioritize. Here in NY, we have no such issues. Andrew Singleton the offer is also good for pixels, and you don’t know anything about the network. in 1 year, verizon will wish it had t-mobile’s network. browne81 I cavy take this anymore. There is always someone in these forums going miss information. I have to speak up. As awhole some networks are better than others. I’m not going to get into my opinion on which is better nation wide. What I will say is this. The best carrier is the one that works where you frequent the most. No matter what carrier a person loves there is another person out there that thinks it terrible. So all these people saying bad things about T-Mobile should get the facts straight. Lastly I due example I don’t like sprint but I know there are people that have a great time with them. You don’t see me on a sprint site saying how bad they are. Is my spelling perfect no. Is my grammar perfect no. It’s this a college paper? No. So I really don’t care. AJ2 still waiting for them to do a $50 deal for single customers. browne81 They have a prepaid plan for 45 Sharti24 4 for $100 sounds better Line 1 $50 Line 2 $75 Line 3 $90 Line 4 $100 John De Leon I have Verizon and would switch IF T-Mo had better in-building coverage. Several of my fellow employee friends have T-Mo and they have horrible coverage in our work locations. They have to step outside to recieve/make calls. Chris Siegell I don’t see the Galaxy S8+ mentioned? You would think that this phone would be “globally compatible” for the switch? Ming Chang Chuang did they say how long to keep the T-Mo’s Premium Device Protection Plus insurance plan? Can i remove this coverage after 2 months? Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog Samsung debuts Pirates of the Caribbean Galaxy S8 Google Photos can suggest photos for you to archive AT&T offering $10 DirecTV Now to Unlimited Choice customers LG Pay officially launches Verizon launching new prepaid plans on June 6th T-Mobile launching two iPhone deals today ZTE Nubia Z17 debuts with Snapdragon 835, up to 8GB of RAM Android And Me SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache SUCCESS : automatic purge url cache Google Photos gains ability to suggest Verizon will update its prepaid plans Google plans to block ads in Chrome TodaysiPhone Today is the last day to purchase Apple’s Australian banks officially denied right iPhone 7 will now be officially available iFixit teardown finds that new low-cost Apple Pay now launching in Taiwan with App Store approval now rejecting applications Apple released a number of security About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia Just In... Trump: 'I will do what is necessary' in wake of London attack Blog Briefing Room — 3h 54m ago Trump to announce plan to privatize air traffic control: reports Administration — 4h 3m ago Putin denies having compromising info on Trump Blog Briefing Room — 4h 4m ago Putin pleads ignorance on Trump campaign meetings Blog Briefing Room — 5h 4m ago ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge attack Blog Briefing Room — 6h 22m ago London a reminder that deadly political correctness perpetuates terrorism Contributors — 6h 22m ago Five things lawmakers want to know from Comey National Security — 6h 53m ago World Bank predicts modest economic growth in 2017 Blog Briefing Room — 7h 14m ago view all   Is it still possible to stop ‘Big Tech’ from killing democracy? By Robert Epstein, opinion contributor - 05/28/17 06:00 PM EDT 42   Over the last decade, many influential people have wondered whether “Big Tech” and democracy can coexist. They have included Stanford legal scholar Nathaniel Persily, distinguished journalist Thomas Edsall, and Robert Reich, who served as secretary of labor under President Clinton. The latest take on the issue is an engaging book by Jonathan Taplin, former director of the Annenberg Innovation Lab at the University of Southern California and, in earlier manifestations, tour manager for Bob Dylan and a film producer for Martin Scorsese. The subtitle conveys a quick overview: “How Facebook, Google, and Amazon Cornered Culture and Undermined Democracy.” “Move fast and break things” — Taplin’s title — was, at least until 2014, the corporate philosophy of Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg. Taplin interprets that philosophy liberally and applies it to several Big Tech moguls, especially PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel; Google co-founder Larry Page; Amazon founder Jeff Bezos. In its original use, the phrase described the rapid deployment of innovative software projects. But to Taplin, it means something much darker: to replace all the failing systems of society with technological systems controlled by benevolent billionaires. ADVERTISEMENT Once these new systems are in place, Taplin says (quoting Israeli historian Yuval Noah Harari), “humans will lose their authority, and humanist practices such as democratic elections will become as obsolete as rain dances and flint knives.”   He reports, accurately, that Google now dominates five of the six billion-user online markets — browsers, video, mobile, search and maps — and that Facebook dominates the only other such market — social media. He also asserts that some of the Big Tech execs have megalomaniacal ideas about the duty they have to save the world while becoming even more obscenely rich, much like the supermen they admire in Ayn Rand’s “Atlas Shrugged.” But Taplin seems unaware of the immense powers these new supermen are actually wielding. Since 2013, my research team and I have been studying new forms of influence the Internet has made possible that are unprecedented in human history. We have not been studying “fake news,” which is a very visible and old form of influence that mainly serves to confirm the beliefs people already have. And no, we have not been studying how negative messages can spread like wildfire through social interactions — also a very old and visible form of influence. The impact of such mechanisms is trivial compared with the new techniques, such as the Search Engine Manipulation Effect (SEME), which Taplin mentions. Ronald Robertson and I discovered SEME in 2013, showing that biased search results can invisibly shift the voting preferences of undecided voters by between 20 and 80 percent. But SEME is only one of four powerful new forms of influence my colleagues and I have discovered in recent years, and I’m sure there are others, with new ones coming soon. New forms of influence like SEME are now affecting the decisions of billions of people every day without their knowledge. The Big Tech oligarchs are well aware of their new powers. As Google’s Eric Schmidt said onstage a few days after the November 2016 election, “How people get their information, what they believe, what they don’t, is, I think, the project for the next decade” (click here for the video). And evidence is mounting that they are actually using these tools. As we recently reported, in 2016, Robertson and I recruited a Nielsen-type network of field agents who allowed us to track their election-related searches for nearly six months before Election Day. Based on the 13,207 searches and 98,044 web pages we captured using this new monitoring system, we found that Google’s search results were biased toward Hillary ClintonHillary Rodham ClintonFive things lawmakers want to know from Comey Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave spotlight Huckabee: 'Hillary needs to get over herself' MORE in all ten of the top search results over most of this period — enough, perhaps, to have invisibly shifted more than two million votes. I’m now working with colleagues from Princeton, Stanford and elsewhere to expand the monitoring system so the manipulative shenanigans of Big Tech companies can be continuously monitored on a large scale. Exposing online manipulations might finally force Big Tech companies to be accountable to the public and might even save democracy. This brings me to my one gripe about Taplin’s book. Toward the end of this disturbing tale of greedy billionaires, he finally gets to his solutions: Facebook and Google, he says, must “alter their business model,” although he has no idea how to make this happen. Anyway, he says, maybe we can build a “parallel structure” of “nonprofit distribution cooperatives” that will once again allow creative artists to earn a decent living. Seriously. That’s it.  That’s how this illuminating book ends. Whatever happened to saving democracy? To Mr. Taplin I say: How about joining my colleagues and me in building a worldwide monitoring system that will force Big Tech companies, now and in the future, to behave responsibly? Robert Epstein (@DrREpstein) is senior research psychologist at the American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology in Vista, California. He holds a PhD from Harvard University, and has published fifteen books on artificial intelligence and other topics. He is also the former editor-in-chief of Psychology Today. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Hillary Clinton   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave... Democrats say they’d like Hillary Clinton to take a cue from President... 879 Shares 2 CNN host calls President Trump 'a... CNN host Reza Aslan called President Trump "a piece of s---" and "an... 441 Shares 3 Five things lawmakers want to know... Former FBI Director James Comey is scheduled to testify this week before... 232 Shares 4 High-stakes Georgia race puts... Democrats are under pressure to pull off a win in Georgia's open House... 228 Shares 5 Ex-Obama speechwriter: US is one '... President Obama's former speechwriter warned that President Trump's tweets... 173 Shares 6 Trump to announce plan to... President Trump will reportedly introduce a plan on Monday to privatize... 158 Shares 7 ACLU to Trump: 'Glad we both agree... The American Civil Liberties Union tweeted their thanks to President Trump... 145 Shares 8 Gore: Trump administration comes... Former Vice President Al Gore on Sunday said the Trump administration... 119 Shares 9 MSNBC anchor: Is Trump 'trying to... MSNBC anchor Thomas Roberts twice asked if President Trump "is trying to... 115 Shares 10 LA mayor: Immigration arrests... Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti in a recent radio interview said he is... 107 Shares 11 London a reminder that deadly... OPINION | Trump is one of few world leaders who is taking the threat of... 69 Shares 12 Trump: 'I will do what is... President Trump pledged Sunday to prevent future terror strikes in the U.S... 61 Shares 13 States scramble to prevent... They are offering insurers new, previously unheard of flexibilities to try... 59 Shares 14 White House to ramp up... Trump will participate in a string of high-profile events aimed at ramping... 57 Shares 15 Trump reignites debate over travel... President Trump this weekend reignited the debate over his travel ban... 56 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 8 hrs 6 mins S&P 500 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Dow 30 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Android Malware ‘Judy’ Hits as Many as 36.5 Million Phones David Z. Morris Fortune May 28, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Android Malware 'Judy' Hits as Many as 36.5 Million PhonesMore The security firm Checkpoint on Thursday uncovered dozens of Android applications that infected users' devices with malicious ad-click software. In at least one case, an app bearing the malware was available through the Play app store for more than a year. While the actual extent of the malicious code's spread is unknown, Checkpoint says it may have reached as many as 36.5 million users, making it potentially the most widely-spread malware yet found on Google Play. Google removed the apps after being notified by Checkpoint. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. The malicious apps primarily included a series of casual cooking and fashion games under the "Judy" brand, a name borrowed for the malware itself. The nefarious nature of the programs went unnoticed in large part, according to Checkpoint, because its malware payload was downloaded from a non-Google server after the programs were installed. The code would then use the infected phone to click on Google ads, generating fraudulent revenue for the attacker. The infection may have spread even more widely than Checkpoint's estimates, since not all of the extensive line of "Judy" apps are included on Checkpoint's tally - it's missing Fashion Judy: Magic Girl Style and Fashion Judy: Masquerade Style, among others. All installments of the series do appear to have been pulled from Google Play. The "Judy" apps were published by an apparently Korean entity known as ENISTUDIO. However, iterations of the same attack were found on a handful of apps from other publishers. This is not the first instance of a malware infestation making it through the screening process on Google Play, nor is it the most damaging - Checkpoint did not find any evidence, for instance, that "Judy" compromised data on infected phones. That Judy was able to hide on Google Play for so long highlights the tradeoffs of Android operating system, which is often seen as more open but less secure than Apple's iOS. See original article on Fortune.com More from Fortune.com The iPhone Decade Legendary Techie James Gosling Joins Amazon Web Services Google Is Getting Rid of Those Weird Android Emoji Blobs Google Assistant Will Soon Take on Siri on Apple iPhones Near You Audi and Volvo Are Getting Google Android Fever Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next In San Francisco, $160,000 gets you a storage locker Yahoo Finance Do you know your net worth? Calculate it here! Fisher InvestmentsSponsored CNN host calls Trump a 'piece of s---' over response to London attack Business Insider US embassy in London directly contradicts Trump's Twitter attack on London's mayor Business Insider Massive iPhone 8 Leak 'Confirms' 15 New Features Forbes Top 8 Credit Cards If You Have Excellent Credit CompareCards.comSponsored What to watch in the markets in the week ahead Yahoo Finance Video Gmail 'Smart Reply' feature is a reminder Google scans your email Yahoo Finance 'I sit back and wait for them to fire me': A former Googler explains the secret to success over 15 years at the company Business Insider This Technology Will Be Bigger Than the Internet The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Married couples have 81 ways to claim Social Security. Here's how to maximize your benefits CNBC 'Aren't you focusing on the wrong thing?': Anchors grill EPA administrator over leaving Paris agreement Business Insider One of the most useful features of your iPhone is hidden to the left of the home screen CNBC.com Buy “Penny Defense Stocks” Before June 30? Casey ResearchSponsored Inventor of "Iron Man" jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Finance Video 5 biggest money mistakes new grads make Yahoo Finance London Bridge Attack: CNN Host Calls Trump a 'Piece of S---' for Response to Terror Incident Barbara: This is the second day in a row that Yahoo has used an obscenity in the title from a foreign newspaper report. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 6.3k
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Editorial: Assistant is the key to Google's Android Automotive project Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/05/22 10:46am PDTMay 22, 2017 11 Plus 1 on G+ 37 Share on Facebook 50 Share on Twitter Total Shares98 Android OS News Videos Google spent much of the I/O 2017 keynote talking about machine learning. In fact, we heard the phrase "AI first" as a description of Google's current plans. You probably have a little sliver of Google's AI capabilities in your pocket right now—Google Assistant. There's one place in particular Google really wants Assistant to live, and that's in your car. Voice commands in general are extremely well-suited to the car, so it should come as no surprise that Google had two Assistant-infused "Android Automotive" demos on-hand at I/O—one from Volvo (above) and another from Audi. It's more clear now than ever that Google wants to be the smart interface for your car, and it plans to do it with Assistant. Your car with Android The Android Automotive project (just an internal name for now) was rumored in 2016, and the first demo of such a system was showcased at CES early this year. This is distinct from Android Auto, which Google released alongside Lollipop. However, it took several months before the first aftermarket head units and new cars arrived with support for the platform. Progress on Auto has been slow ever since. It does barely anything now that it couldn't do at launch. Perhaps that's because Google is currently more interested in making Android the car's operating system. With Android Auto, your phone simply projects an interface to the car's display, but Android Automotive is a car that actually runs Android as its infotainment system. There have been cars running Android before—many Honda and Hyundai vehicles still do, actually. They're very old builds that are almost completely unrecognizable as Android, though. By working with automakers, Google can make the interface more modern and get its services embedded in the car. The two Android Automotive concepts being demoed at I/O were surprisingly full-featured. Check out our video from the event if you want to see how Android in the car actually works. One of the first things you'll notice about this new take on Android in the car is that it's fast... well, faster than Android Auto. Android Auto tends to lag heavily at times for no discernible reason. The fact that it's still preferable to the stock in-car software is a testament to how little automakers have innovated in this space. The two interfaces demoed were also very different from each other, indicating Google might give automakers even more freedom to modify Android than phone OEMs do. Actually, the Volvo interface was visually similar to Volvo's current software (which is not Nougat, obviously). Both demos were based on Android 7.0 with an eye toward migrating to Android O when it's final. Importantly, Android Automotive runs Google services and Android apps without connecting an Android phone. The apps are essentially the same as the ones you currently use in Android Auto. They're limited to audio and messaging apps, and you do have to wonder how long those apps and services will be up to date. Phone updates can take ages, and cars could be much worse. Assistant everywhere An often expressed fear is that a car with Android-based infotainment features will eventually become extremely outdated. After all, you keep a car much longer than you do a phone. Will the apps and services running on that car ever be updated? Will developers eventually drop support for in-car apps on these older versions of Android? There are a lot of unknowns right now. Audi's Demo Googlers seem to have a go-to line when you ask about updates to Android-infused cars—they talk about Project Treble. Google is cognizant of the fact that automakers seldom update the software on cars, but the hope is that updates will still happen occasionally if Google can make it easier. There's also a lot of talk about Assistant in the car, and I had several Googlers cite this as a way to make apps and services more accessible while you're driving regardless of what version of Android your car runs. Apps installed in the car might not be updated very quickly (or at all), but that's not a concern in the cloud. After connecting an app or service to Assistant, it's accessible from your phone, a Google Home, Android Auto, or even a car running Android that hasn't seen an update lately. Thus, developers don't necessarily have to worry about specifically supporting old versions of Android in the car, they simply need to take advantage of Assistant. You can do things with Assistant voice commands that are very much outside the bounds of road-safe media and messaging apps. Assistant's smarter voice commands have the potential to be extremely useful while you're driving. There was a wall of smart home devices next to the Volvo car in order to demonstrate how you could adjust your humble abode in advance of your arrival. Hot day? Crank the AC before you roll into the driveway. You also have more control over the car with Assistant as part of the car's OS—for instance, you could control the climate or open the sunroof, which isn't feasible in Android Auto. Having Assistant built into the car also means more people will use it. Even iOS users who don't have an Android phone to plug in will be able to use Assistant in these vehicles, and that gets them into the Google ecosystem. Assistant is very much hit or miss right now. Sometimes you ask Assistant a question or issue a command only to be greeted with a cloyingly polite apology. Still, it's getting better, and some of the things Google demoed could be great experiences. Regardless of possible update issues down the road, Google's involvement with car infotainment will lead to more modern versions of Android at launch, and Assistant could help your car's software remain useful. Tags android auto android automotive Google google assistant io17 io2017 video subscribe ... Previous Story The 'Swipe for notifications' gesture now matches device orientation for Nexuses running Android O ... Next Story AT&T's LG Phoenix 2 has received Android 7.0 Nougat Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments needa This i/o shed a bit of light on how far assistant can go. At least for me. Impatiently waiting... ShahinTr All we need is our Assistant to be voiced as Kitt. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/7d287ac75059f48cc9bac82680837bc707448769b35d9a2c20ef2af572856780.jpg JG That would be awesome... A customized "Hey KITT" trigger phase would be great to, though doubtful they'd ever make one without Google in it. Daniel Actually, now that we have an SDK for Google Assistant, I'm pretty sure that's very close to happening. Leon I'd also settle for Majel Barrett. Jacquilinefpaniagua Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sc165c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sc165c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs465DirectStockGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sc165c:....,..... Drinster I think the UI looks terrible the demo from last year in the Maserati looks way more better. Rawhi Mohammad SEXXXXXXY I WANT IT.. #APKPLZ xfullmetal17 Because the OEMs hadn't gotten their fingers all over the UI in the Maserati last year. iampwd One thing is for sure, I want that car. Oleg Vorkunov Google now worked much better than assistant. Now I want to throw my watch and phone away. leganzish Android Auto is as good as dead. It barely got more functional since its introduction and will only languish more now that Google has moved on. The thing I don't like is the car being data independent. That's the beauty of the "projection" method of Android Auto. I don't want to live in a future where I have a data connection for my phone, my tablet, my watch, my car, my refrigerator, my washer, and my dryer. I want a data connection for my phone and everything else to be able to piggy-back off of that. whispy_snippet I really doubt it's dead. What about the millions of people who don't intend to buy a car for years or have just bought a car with Android Auto? The majority of people sit in this category. Sure, "Automotive" is probably the future. But I think Android Auto has plenty more to come. leganzish I'm not saying its going to disappear of the face of the earth tomorrow. Just that it will languish. It has already had fairly slow adoption. I would expect adoption rates to slow now that Google has tipped their hand on the next automotive initiative. If consumers get frustrated at the Hangouts situation, I think the very careful/conservative (when it comes to tech progress) automotive brands will be extremely hesitant to invest in Android Auto when it appears to have fallen out of Google's favor. whispy_snippet Hmmm I'm still not convinced. For one, getting car makers to adopt Android Auto has been challenging enough. Convincing hundreds of car makers to suddenly drop their existing operating systems and hand full control to Google is going to take a lot of persuasion and a lot of time. In the short to mid term it's going to be easier to convince car makers to offer a "plug and play" connectivity feature that consumers demand, without the need to cede full control to Google. Remember, a lot of people use iPhones and will demand Apple CarPlay in their next vehicle. Do you think Apple is going to develop a CarPlay app for Android Automotive? I've no doubt Android Automotive is what Google sees as the end goal. But developing a full featured car OS from the ground up, for every single car maker, is an enormous task. In the meantime there are millions and millions of car owners out there with no intention of buying a new vehicle for years. Google has recognised this and its why Android Auto can now run as a stand alone app on phones. And because this app can run on millions of phones, it offers developers plenty of incentive to support it (and thus support Android Auto as a platform broadly). leganzish All good points. I completely agree with you on what consumers and car makers will want. I just fear that Google will ignore Android Auto for the sake of Android Automotive. They've got history of continuing to support "first ideas" along side "second ideas" (Gmail alongside Inbox) and history of neglecting the first after a competing project launches. I'll be interested to see which way this goes. xyz Those people will be stuck on old versions that will never be updated. Standard Google policy. If the car owners have any sense, they'll switch to Apple for their future auto software needs. Filipe Santos Car Assistant first, Waze last JasonIvers Android Automotive is still better than some proprietary junk infotainment system from a car manufacturer, even if it's never updated at all. At least you have a reasonably good chance third-party developers will actually build something for it without having to be paid to do so. whispy_snippet My biggest worry about our new world of connected cars is security. Just wait until someone hacks a vehicle's control inputs and causes a crash. What are Google, Apple, car manufacturers, etc going to do about this looming question? abqnm I think that would come down to car manufacturers hardening and isolating essential control systems so they can't be accessed in the event the infotainment system is hacked and somehow allows access to the CAN-BUS. Still, even with access to CAN-BUS, proprietary software over encrypted connections is generally required to access control systems. So it's not like someone can just hack the infotainment system and suddenly can control your steering remotely. There would be a massive amount of protocol reverse-engineering work needed, and it would be on a per-model, per-software build, per-control surface basis. The Jeep exploit that was demoed a couple years back required them to reverse engineer and spend many hundreds of hours to do so. It's a concern, sure, but not a major one. whispy_snippet If a car being hacked could result in someone's death then I would consider it a major concern. The reputation of connected cars and their associated manufacturers and developers are at stake. Just one death as a result of a car being hacked could ripple through the media and cause millions to question the safety of something like Android Automotive. I obviously don't understand how one would hack a car and I'm sure it's ridiculously complex. But if it's possible, I really hope the companies that have our lives in their hands are doing everything they can to mitigate a disaster. It might sound dramatic, but I think it's really important to keep asking these questions. Software exploits are rare, but every now and again we see even the big companies drop the ball (Apple with its iCloud brute force hack, Google with its Google Docs exploit, Microsoft and the ransomware attack). If computers and software are vulnerable, that makes cars with computers and software vulnerable. And when you're hurtling along at 60mph that's well worth our concern. 1966CAH If? It's been done already! https://arstechnica.com/security/2015/07/fiat-chrysler-recalls-1-4-million-cars-over-remote-hack-vulnerability/ Sure, malicious hackers didn't do it, but the remote vulnerability was exploitable over the internet. It's not the only one of its kind, but the most severe I've read about. abqnm Since it relies on assistant, does that mean that all cars must now have a data connection? Does or can it use the phone's data connection? There was no indication of connection sharing in the Volvo demo. I really don't want to see cars that I have to pay a monthly subscription fee for a data connection just to be able to tell it to turn off my seat heater. RyanWhitwam The demo cars both had dedicated LTE. That's the way it works right now. Presumably, it would be possible to share the data connection, but that would be up to automakers. whispy_snippet Surely a wireless charging pad with NFC that triggers a WiFi tether arrangement makes sense. Every phone in the near future and onward is going to have wireless charging - we just need an agreed standard of course... ekngee i think Android Automotive is more of a motive-ational push to say "hey, it's easy to use Android to build your infotainment system, rather than do your own from scratch". Android Auto should still stay, because as stated, updates are a big unknown, so i'd rather be safe updating my phone than the car. SAM Few years down the road, people will be talking about android fragmentation on cars, how only 1% of cars are on latest Android version and Android O still wont die. xyz No thanks, don't want malware in my car. Nor do I want to buy a new car every 2 years. I'll stick to Apple on this one. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 112 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 61 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 29 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 18 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 116 queries | 0.564s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts News Around the Web Weekend tech reading: PC could learn something about 4K from PS4 Pro, build your own VPN By Matthew DeCarlo on May 28, 2017, 9:30 AM TechSpot 4K gaming: what can PC learn from PlayStation Pro? Checkerboarding, upscaling, temporal anti-aliasing, dynamic resolution. Let's give credit where it's due: at its best, PlayStation 4 Pro's utilisation of these techniques produces some impressive results for 4K displays - no mean feat considering that the Pro's GPU is relatively underpowered compared to today's mainstream PC graphics hardware. And this led us to wonder - what if those techniques were rolled out in the PC space? Could the cost of admission to the world of 4K gaming drop dramatically if the techniques championed by Sony worked just as effectively for PC gamers? EuroGamer Report: More than half of streaming users are sharing their passwords There’s no denying that the television landscape is changing the days, with cable TV putting up dismal numbers (their worst ever, actually). But as more people migrate to streaming video, the scenery there is changing as well. Nearly 3 out of every 4 (72% exactly) Americans who have cable also have access to at least one streaming service and 8% of cable subscribers plan to eliminate their service in the next year. But that doesn’t necessarily mean they’re paying for their streaming service. Streaming Observer A year of Google & Apple maps Shortly after I published my Cartography Comparison last June, I noticed Google updating some of the areas we had focused on: Coincidence or not, it was interesting. And it made me wonder what else would change, if we kept watching. Would Google keep adding detail? And would Apple, like Google, also start making changes? So I wrote a script that takes monthly screenshots of Google and Apple Maps.1 And thirteen months later, we now have a year’s worth of images... Justin O'Beirne How Facebook's tentacles reach further than you think Facebook's collection of data makes it one of the most influential organisations in the world. Share Lab wanted to look "under the bonnet" at the tech giant's algorithms and connections to better understand the social structure and power relations within the company. A couple of years ago, Vladan Joler and his brainy friends in Belgrade began investigating the inner workings of one of the world's most powerful corporations. BBC Google's AlphaGo retires on top after humbling world No. 1 The Google-owned computer algorithm AlphaGo is retiring from playing humans in the ancient Chinese game of Go after roundly defeating the world's top player this week, its developer said Saturday. AlphaGo defeated brash 19-year-old world number one Ke Jie of China on Saturday to sweep a three-game series that was closely watched as a measure of how far artificial intelligence (AI) has come. Phys.org How to build your own VPN if you’re (rightfully) wary of commercial options In the wake of this spring's Senate ruling nixing FCC privacy regulations imposed on ISPs, you may be (even more) worried about how your data is used, misused, and abused. There have been a lot of opinions on this topic since, ranging from "the sky is falling" to "move along, citizen, nothing to see here." Ars Technica The 1961 Mobot Mark II had all the moves In the late 1950s, Sandia Laboratory was looking for a way to handle radioactive materials without putting humans in danger. The answer was the Mobot—short for either “remote robot” or “mobile robot”—a remotely operated system designed by Hughes Aircraft Co. in 1959 that offered a unique and effective combination of strength and dexterity. IEEE Spectrum Faster, more nimble drones on the horizon There’s a limit to how fast autonomous vehicles can fly while safely avoiding obstacles. That’s because the cameras used on today’s drones can only process images so fast, frame by individual frame. Beyond roughly 30 miles per hour, a drone is likely to crash simply because its cameras can’t keep up. MIT How Anker is beating Apple and Samsung at their own accessory game Steven Yang quit his job at Google in the summer of 2011 to build the products he felt the world needed: a line of reasonably priced accessories that would be better than the ones you could buy from Apple and other big-name brands. These accessories — batteries, cables, chargers — would solve our most persistent gadget problem by letting us stay powered on at all times. The Verge Apple is working on a dedicated chip to power AI on devices Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. Bloomberg The history of RPGs Computers and RPGs have always gone hand-in-hand. Even when the best adventurers could hope for visually was a few letters and numbers on a screen, what better way could there be to handle stats, die-rolls and complex calculations? Soon enough, though, computer RPGs were capable of doing much more. PC Gamer Nanogenerators could charge your smartphone Researchers at the Georgia Institute of Technology have been exploring the applications and commercial potential for triboelectric nanogenerators (TENGs) since 2012. These so-called TENGs essentially harvest static electricity from friction. IEEE Spectrum Related Reads Weekend tech reading: Oculus Rift DK2 & OS X Yosemite previewed, Destiny compared on PS4/XO Weekend tech reading: NES Classic teardown, new MacBook Pro not Linux-ready, 1080 Ti has 10GB VRAM? Weekend tech reading: Mass Effect: Andromeda's wonkiest animations, 11 ARM boards benchmarked, building a DIY Hackintosh Pro 5 comments 99 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Logitech updates high-end mice: MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S Microsoft co-founder shows off the world's biggest plane Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement Popular Five Years Without Facebook TechSpot Best of Computex 2017 16 comments Ryzen 7 series get first price cut as we wait for Threadripper 33 comments Intel Core X vs. AMD Ryzen Threadripper: What we know so far 42 comments Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement Load Comments 5 ... User Comments: 5 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 16 Ryzen 7 series get first price cut as we wait for Threadripper 7 xHamster-backed sensor hides your open windows (which may or may not contain porn) when... 7 Logitech updates its high-end mouse line with the MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S 42 Tech leaders denounce Trump's decision to leave Paris agreement 13 PlayStation 3 officially slips into its twilight years as Sony Japan ships last PS3 console Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (May 28th) +9,056 Andrew Myrick May 28th, 2017 The amount of Android news each week can be overwhelming, but you can follow the best of the best with an app called EarlyBird – News for Android. It includes ALL of the Android news you crave and lets users decide what matters most to them. EarlyBird has recently received a huge update that allows you to subscribe to specific topics so you never miss stories about your favorite things! Download the app on the Google Play Store or, for desktop users, find related discussion in the Android Forums News section. Here’s what you picked as your favorite news stories for the week: #10 – Google Pixel Project Fi Blacklisting 39 likes – A new issue has arisen which has revealed issues when purchasing the Pixel or Pixel XL from third-party retailers, after the device was already purchased and activated through Project Fi. The issues show the device being blacklisted with little reason as to why this is happening. Read more at Android Police Source: HardOCP Discuss at Android Forums #9 – Google Assistant ‘Preferred Input’ 39 likes – A new setting in Google Assistant allows you to switch your ‘preferred input’ from using your voice to the app showing the keyboard by default. Source: Reddit Discuss at Android Forums #8 – Google Family Services 39 likes – In a new blog post, Google has shared how you and your family can make the most out of various Google products, including YouTube TV, Google Calendar, Google Keep, and Google Photos. Source: Google Blog Discuss at Android Forums #7 – PayPal Android Pay Integration 40 likes – After being announced back in April, the PayPal application has been updated with support for Android Pay. This new update now allows you to attach your PayPal account with Android Pay to make payments on the go. Download PayPal Discuss at Android Forums #6 – StockDroids Comparison 40 likes – If you’re looking for a new device and want to compare what’s available on the market, StockDroids is a new website that offers comparisons between devices that offer a stock Android experience. Source: StockDroids Discuss at Android Forums #5 – Samsung Stretchable Display 40 likes – Samsung confirmed plans to announce an all-new stretchable display at the Society for Information Display conference. The display is an OLED panel which is bendable in both directions. Source: Yonhap News Discuss at Android Forums #4 – Google Play Music Improvements 41 likes – Ara from Android Central took a look at the Google Play Music experience to give us an idea on how Google could improve the overall experience. The list includes a UI overhaul, the ability to upload and download items without a desktop computer, and more. Read more at Android Central Discuss at Android Forums #3 – Gboard Machine Intelligence 42 likes – In a new blog post, Google explained how it uses machine intelligence to improve the overall experience with its Gboard application. Read more at Google Blog Discuss at Android Forums #2 – Google Phone Update 44 likes – An update to the Google Phone application now makes it easier to message someone after a call has failed, along with hints regarding RCS calling and a new voicemail backup system. Read more at Android Police Download Google Phone Discuss at Android Forums #1 – Clear App Cache on Android 50 likes – Android Central has published a tutorial which explains what app cache data is, and how/when you should clear the data from your Android device. Read more at Android Central Discuss at Android Forums What’s YOUR top news item for the week? Disagree with the Top 10? Let us know in the comments and vote for yourself everyday by downloading EarlyBird on Google Play! Download Earlybird – News for Android local_offer    EarlyBird   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (0) stars Further Reading 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (April 7th) 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (March 31st) 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (March 24th) 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (March 17th) 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertPeel’s paper thin cases perfectly compl closePeel’s paper thin cases perfectly complement your Google Pixel [VIDEO] It’s tough finding paper thin cases for the Google Pixel. When you do, they’re usually in black or smoke, but Peel is offering clear and blue colors that perfectly matches your Pixel. We even have a promo code for 20% off. 2 more_vertSamsung releases its Always On Display app closeSamsung releases its Always On Display app onto the Play Store, but you can’t download it Samsung has released its Always On Display for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus onto the Play Store. This will give Samsung more control over updates regarding this specific feature of the devices. 3 more_vertBest Apps of the Month close30+ Best Android Apps [June 2017] A lot of apps are released in the span of one month. It can be near impossible to keep track of them all. In order to help you find only the best apps that have been released in the last month, we have assembled this list. 4 more_vertHow to claim Samsung's BOGO deal for the Galaxy S8 closeHow to redeem Samsung’s BOGO deal for the Galaxy S8 Samsung recently had a BOGO deal on the Galaxy S8 and S8+. If you were one of the lucky few who took part, redeeming that offer is easier said than done. Here are the steps you’ll have to take to make sure you get your rebate. 5 more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (June 2, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 6 more_vertSamsung releases SoundAssistant app for Galaxy S8 closeSoundAssistant aims to improve your audio experience on the Galaxy S8 Samsung has released a new app onto the Play Store called SoundAssistant. This app is designed for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus and gives users more fine-tuned controls over their audio. 7 more_vertZTE Nubia Z17 announced closeThe ZTE Nubia Z17 packs 8GB of RAM and Quick Charge 4+ This new phone from ZTE has just about every high-end feature you could want and more. It might be the most powerful phone on the planet right now. 8 more_vertQuick Charge 4+ announced closeQualcomm announces Quick Charge 4+ with 3 new features Last year, Qualcomm introduced the Snapdragon 835 processor along with Quick Charge 4.0. A few devices have the 835, but none have QC 4.0 yet. That didn’t stop Qualcomm from announcing the next version, Quick Charge 4+. 9 more_vertThe OnePlus 5 camera gets teased on Twitter closeOnePlus continues to hype up the OnePlus 5, this time with a camera sample The OnePlus Twitter account has shared a comparison of two images, posing the question of “Can you tell which photo was taken with the OnePlus 5?” 10 more_vertNew LG G6 variants may launch later this month closeLG has plans to launch the LG G6 Pro and G6 Plus later this month A new report claims that LG is planning to launch the LG G6 Pro and LG G6 Plus in the company’s home country of South Korea. These devices will offer slightly specs than the standard LG G6. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Latest News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics Videos Latest IT Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors All IT Community Professionals All IT Integrators All IT Vendors Latest News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics Videos Latest IT Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors All IT Community Professionals All IT Integrators All IT Vendors AI Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker E-Mail Microsoft Office 365 Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops IGEL Technology VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources IoT Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Citrix Ready Podcasts w/ Doug Inside IGEL Technology Podcasts w/ Doug VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 On-Demand Webinars Case Studies Infographics Solution Briefs IT White Papers, Solution Briefs & Case Studies Software Downloads Search DABCC Verticals Healthcare IT News Trade Shows Citrix Synergy VMware VMworld Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Home Desktop NVIDIA: Using Deep Learning to Improve the Hands-Free, Voice Experience NVIDIA: Using Deep Learning to Improve the Hands-Free, Voice Experience May 28, 2017 NVIDIA 0 0 “Ok Google;” “Alexa…” We’re familiar with these commands that wake up, say, our Amazon Echo or Google Home. But what would the future of intelligent devices look like if we could bounce from using Amazon’s Alexa to order a new book to Google Assistant to schedule our next appointment, all in the course of a single conversation? The latest episode of our AI podcast dives into this question as part of a conversation with Kitt.ai founder Xuchen Yao. Previously, developers would rely on either a clap or a button to trigger an intelligent device, which would negate the point of a “hands-free” experience. But Snowboy, a tool kit developed by Kitt.ai, solves this problem. “Before Snowboy, there was no, like, open community solution in the market,” Yao said, in a conversation with our podcast’s host, Michael Copeland. Yao noted the possibility of combining the services offered by various companies through their intelligent devices. “In the future, I would not be surprised to see a device, a 4-in-1 device, that has all the bigger companies’ backend waiting to serve you,” said Yao. “And then people can choose whoever’s services to use just by selecting this trigger word.” When Yao first tried to bring a conversational engine to the market in 2014 (Kitt.ai’s Chatflow), the closest thing that existed was Siri. But now, taking in the burgeoning development of AI technology, he’s optimistic that the next generation will experience more conversational and natural device interactions. “I imagine in five to 10 years, we’re going to have the personal assistant everywhere we go,” he predicted. Read the entire article here, Using Deep Learning to Improve the Hands-Free, Voice Experience via the fine folks at NVIDIA. Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email Follow @DABCC Follow @douglasabrown Featured Resources: Related Articles: You May Also Like: tags: 3D Graphics Artificial Intelligence (AI) Deep Learning Categories: Desktop Development previous Cisco: The Brains Behind the Beauty: Cisco Spark Board Technology next Microsoft: Azure Craft A hack for kids and parents to learn AI Programming NVIDIA Since 1993, NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) has pioneered the art and science of visual computing. The company's technologies are transforming a world of displays into a world of interactive discovery -- for everyone from gamers to scientists, and consumers to enterprise customers. | LATEST RESOURCES White Papers Citrix XenApp 6.5 Migration Guide E-Book via @Workspot EOL is looming; Will you be ready? In this Workspot sponsored e-book you are given your options on how to migrate away from Citrix XenApp and why. CITRIX XENAPP 6.5 ARCHITECTURE IS 20 YEARS OLD! XenApp 6.5 end of life (EOL) is set for June 30, 2018 XenApp 6.5 Independent Management Architecture (IMA) is nearing […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more Top 7 Challenges Migrating to the Cloud White Paper The Top 5 Ways to Maximize SQL Server Availability Achieving Zero Downtime for Apps in a SQL Server Environment White Paper Gartner: My “How to Hunt for Security Threats” Paper Published VMware User Environment Manager Deployment Considerations White Paper Downloads FREE eG Enterprise Logon Simulator for Citrix XenApp and XenDesktop Fast, free and incredibly useful. Coming in summer 2017. Synthetic logon simulation tool for monitoring, diagnosis, alerting and reporting of Citrix logon performance Quick SaaS deployment – be up and running in minutes Web-based monitoring console Supports logon through StoreFront or NetScaler Gateway Best-suited for Citrix XenApp 6.5, 7.x and XenDesktop 7.x Free forever, no […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more Download ScaleArc Database Performance and Load Balancing Sofware Base Image Script Framework (BIS-F) – Version 6.0.0 NEW TOOL! Azure Log Analytics Agent for RDS and Citrix Sites Download Windows 10 IoT Core for Raspberry Pi 2 / 3 Download Microsoft Windows 10 IoT Core On-Demand Webinars No App Left Behind: Migrate Existing Applications to AWS without Re-engineering Migrating existing applications to the cloud can take weeks, if not months to complete. By moving your existing applications to AWS, you can take immediate advantage of: security, reliability, instant scalability and elasticity, isolated processes, reduced operational effort, on-demand provisioning and automation. But how do you migrate your existing applications to AWS without re-architecting? In […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more Commvault: Practical Data Management Across Clouds – On-Demand Webinar SharePoint Server Monitoring with SysKit – On-Demand Webinar Workspot + Azure = Insanely Simple VDI and DaaS for Education – On-Demand Webinar XenTegra and Citrix AppDNA 7.9 Webinar How a Top Media Distributor Built a Cloud NAS on AWS – SoftNAS On-Demand Webinar View All White Papers >> View All Downloads >> View All On-Demand Webinars >> Latest Videos NVIDIA: VR Content Showcase Winner: Nurulize Meet the winner of NVIDIA’s second VR Content Showcase, held the GPU Technology Conference, where startups competed for $30,000 in cash and prizes. Capturing top honors was Nurulize, a three-year-old Los Angeles-based software developer that aims to speed and simplify the creation of VR experiences. http://nvda.ws/2sjCYrl This video is via NVIDIA. Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more VMware Video: Sprint Leverages VMware Technology to Transform the Way Employees Work and Engage with Customers Microsoft Video: Quick Look at System Center 2016 Veeam and iland Take Care of 24.7.365 Availability So R’Club Can Take Care of Children in Florida – Video Search IT Resources Search for: View all Upcoming Events >> Featured Resources Workspot Case Study: Chaitons LLP June 2, 2017 VeeamON 2017 – Attendee Testimonials June 2, 2017 Hydradyne using Workspot and Scale – Customer Success Story Video June 2, 2017 Top 3 Windows Workloads for Microsoft Azure June 2, 2017 VeeamOn 2017 Highlights Video June 2, 2017 DataCore: What it Takes to Achieve 5-Star Customer Support June 2, 2017 How to Increase Operational Efficiency & Reduce the Cost of Deployment June 2, 2017 The VeeamON 2017 experience June 2, 2017 Try Ericom AcccessNow HTML5 In Browser RDP Access - Easy to use and simple setup! IPM – IT Innovations Experts IT integration experts working with Citrix, Microsoft, VMware and EMC technologies. Visit our Sponsors! IT News on iPhone IT News on Android DABCC Radio on iTunes DABCC Radio on iPhone Copyright 1999-2017 DABCC, Inc. Mobile Apps About Contact Us Sitemap RSS Close AI Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker E-Mail Microsoft Office 365 Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops IGEL Technology VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources IoT Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Citrix Ready Podcasts w/ Doug Inside IGEL Technology Podcasts w/ Doug VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 On-Demand Webinars Case Studies Infographics Solution Briefs IT White Papers, Solution Briefs & Case Studies Software Downloads Search DABCC Verticals Healthcare IT News Trade Shows Citrix Synergy VMware VMworld Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Share this video Never miss the news... Get IT Community Resources straight to your inbox! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: New Personal tab in Google Search will show results from Photos, Gmail, and more Newsby Jimmy Westenberg1 week ago 2 454 48 Oftentimes when performing a Google Search, you’ll be shown personal results from Google Photos, Gmail, Calendar, and a variety of other services. Say, for instance, you’re looking up the word dogs. Google Search will comb through your Photos and Gmail accounts and display all the relevant dog photos and emails you may have in those services. It’s a little feature that can really come in handy at times, though these personal results don’t always show up for every search. Now Google is adding a Personal tab to Search that lets you see results from your Google applications. Once you perform a Google Search on the web or on your mobile device (unfortunately it’s not available in the Google app for Android), you’ll be able to select the Personal tab from the More dropdown menu. You’ll then be shown all relevant photos, videos, emails, and more from your Google apps relating to that topic. Plus, to give you peace of mind that these things aren’t out there for the world to see, Google will also display a “Only you can see these results” message next to each card. The addition of a Personal tab will certainly help make searching for calendar events and photos much easier. Unfortunately Google Drive and Keep support doesn’t seem to be live right now, but we’d assume support will be added in the future. News Google Search Google Search  Search Engine Roundtable  9to5Google Jimmy Westenberg Lover of all things Android, Star Wars, dogs, coffee and music. Show 2 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 14 hours ago25 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 176 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares292 Deals Google News The movie-related deals continue! Google must be paying attention to the forecasts for this weekend in anticipation of ruined family outings. There is a list up on Google Play of 100 different movies, and renting any one of them is just $1 right now with the new promo. If you haven't seen Logan, Arrival, or Get Out, now you can give it a watch on the cheap. And if the kids are starting to go crazy being trapped indoors at grandma's, you can quickly toss up Moana, Finding Dory, or The Incredibles and save yourself for an hour or two. The offer ends on July 7th, and you may have to follow specific steps to redeem it. There are a few caveats. For one, you only get one rental at this price, and two, the deal might not appear for everyone. Your deal might also be be different, some are seeing $1.50. Redeeming the offer might also be a bit awkward, as it seems to be tied to a user-specific coupon code. To use it you need to go to the Google Play Movies page and see if you have the ad visible below. Clicking the ad opens a prompt to redeem the offer. Google says that this offer is only open to specific users based on their purchase history, so YMMV. If everything goes smoothly, you'll have your $1 rental in no time. The full terms and conditions for the deal are available below. $0.99 for any movie rental Get any one movie rental of your choice for $0.99. Choose any title from the newest releases to classics including the selection below! Discount will be added to "Account => Rewards" and applied at checkout. Watch anywhere including offline on your mobile laptop tablet and supported Android devices. Redeem your offer by July 7 2017 on Google Play from compatible Internet connected devices using a Google account. Limit 1 per user. Nontransferable. No cash value. Cannot be used in conjunction with other offers or discounts except Google Play Gift Cards. This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history. Age restrictions apply. See Content Promotion Terms and Google Play Terms & Conditions. Source: Google Play Tags deal alert Google Movie rental one dollar subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ryan Cavitt For me it is $1.49 movie rental. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/775f0f71aed9f34ac07ff6ad601181ea5b3f6032e83ebbb77a61864b8a5699a6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/935239b72cb3597bcaca6892f03e0617be1222001a269d0294c90fb5bd16804c.png bekifft Same for me. Not sure what they're welcoming me back from. It wasn't all that long ago I rented Arrival from them. Ryne Hager I was curious what the differences by account might be. I'll update the post to include that. Hurricane Andrew Same here, I got the $1.49 deal yesterday. nagi Does not seem to be active in Hungary. Probably US-only. Arnaldo Rodriguez For me its $0.99 but when I get to the checkout, its $4.99 again s_bomb Same for me, no discount being applied Mathew Michel I'm guessing we aren't eligible since we use the discounts regularly: "This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history." s_bomb I had to click the banner advertising the deal and "accept" the deal, after that it is being applied. Gilberto Just as @s_bomb:disqus said, I had to click the banner first, and the price is $1.49 -_- Christopher Phillips I work from ease of my house, via doing very simple activities that solely require from you a Laptop or desktop pc together with internet connection and I am more happy than ever before... After six months time in this job opportunity and also i acquired professionally paid in sum Thirty six Thousand bucks... Generally I get roughly 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours time day by day.And stunning factor with this work is the fact that you can easily organize time when you do the job and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check weekly.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,.... me me I see the $0.99, I pick a film, I see rent/buy SD/HD, click on SD rent and it shows $4.99, right upto the point of debitting my credit card. That appears to me to be actually $4.99, not $0.99 ? Ryne Hager Yup, you have to actually redeem their coupon code via an advertisement you'll see on the main page for Google Play Movies, as noted in the article. me me Well that appears not true / applicable. I see $0.99, and then I click on it and it gets right up to the point of about to debit card and its $4.99. So its clickbait to fool me into paying $4.99. Nope. Ryne Hager Unfortunately, if you don't redeem the code via the advertisement on the Play landing page, you won't get the discount. me me Ahh. So YOUR LINK is bad. What i did: Ignore your link. Go to play.google.com Movies then the $0.99 is shown, click on that, then the film, then at checkout its $0.99 shown. Thanks for bringing to our attention, figured out valid method eventually. Ryne Hager Fortunately exactly those instructions were included in the article. Glad you were able to get it to work! iboalali It's a shame that I will never rent or buy any movie or TV show from the play store, because I can't get anything in English (I live in Germany). Except if I want to watch something in German. I rather buy/rent from the Microsoft store, they offer everything in German and English for me. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Wait, where is me me so they can complain that it's still too expensive? Keith Taylor Since I have 5 different accounts I just used on of my secondary ones. blazingwolf I'm getting an offer for 2 episodes of a TV show for $.99. I would rather have the movie but I guess this is better than nothing. ROB Same here... can't imagine a show I would want to pay to see lomsha Shows on 1 account but not the other lol. dullknives same. primary accnt - nothing. secondary accnt - offer is there. pfmiller It says an offer to welcome you back, so it's probably for accounts that haven't used Google Movies recently. roebling "La La Land", the big winner of the last Academy Awards, is on the $0.99 list OtisFeelgood Offer showed up as $1.49 for me. Marty Damn! I was really hyped about this. Sadly the only movies I would have been interested in suck. Logan, The Great Wall and Split all suck. 30014 Logan and Split were awesome, not interested in The Great Wall. Justin Osborne Ah, I reported this about a month ago, it's been going on for some time now. 😛 Marty Tried to rent Passengers and was charged $5.99. Got a refund. iKon Guys, just download Shoebox. Any movie for free. Y'all don't need these offers Good_Ole_Pinocchio Yeaa... Not everybody wants to pirate AC I don't really care about not being eligible for the discount, but it's REALLY tacky of Google to splash the offer screen up for everyone and then sweep the rug under unsuspecting users that didn't receive the promo. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.533s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Tech Music Google is offering new Google Play Music subscribers four free months New, 15 comments ‘Turn it up, it’s your favorite song’ by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak May 28, 2017, 2:32pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Google is running a deal on its music streaming service and storage locker Google Play Music. Typically, the site offers up a 90-day free trial when you sign up, but it’s now giving new subscribers an extra month of free time. The service allows users to scan up to 50,000 songs from their music library, and listen to custom radio stations on their computer or mobile device. Users who use the free tier have to contend with ads, but subscribers who pay $9.99 (or $14.99 for a family account) can avoid ads, listen to over 35 million songs, download music to listen offline, and get access to YouTube Red. Google has offered similar deals in the past, and Android Police notes that it’s not clear how long the deal will remain active. At the very least, it’s an opportunity to check out the service if you’ve never tried it, and you can always cancel your subscription when your four months are up. Next Up In Tech Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? X Prize assembled a supergroup of sci-fi authors to develop its next competitions New deals on the Sonos Play:1, Amazon Echo, and more of the week’s best tech sales Now Trending Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread Details on the iPhone 8, AR Glasses, Siri Speaker, MacBook and more Why did my boyfriend like Emily Ratajkowski's butt on Instagram? Or any celeb photos? Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Palmer Luckey is developing new border control technology by Rich McCormick 4 comments / new Alleged Foxconn insiders leaked details about Apple’s forthcoming devices in Reddit thread by Andrew Liptak 53 comments / new No, your sunscreen isn't going to kill you by Miriam Nielsen and Kimberly Mas 6 comments / new Wonder Woman has come a long way since this failed 1967 screen test by Kwame Opam 3 comments / new UK prime minister Theresa May calls for internet regulations following London attacks by Andrew Liptak 21 comments / new After acquisition, Pinboard will shutter social bookmarking site Delicious by Andrew Liptak 4 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Deal Alert] $1 Google Play movie rental (ends July 7th) Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/28 9:56am PDTMay 28, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 176 Share on Facebook 64 Share on Twitter Total Shares292 Deals Google News The movie-related deals continue! Google must be paying attention to the forecasts for this weekend in anticipation of ruined family outings. There is a list up on Google Play of 100 different movies, and renting any one of them is just $1 right now with the new promo. If you haven't seen Logan, Arrival, or Get Out, now you can give it a watch on the cheap. And if the kids are starting to go crazy being trapped indoors at grandma's, you can quickly toss up Moana, Finding Dory, or The Incredibles and save yourself for an hour or two. The offer ends on July 7th, and you may have to follow specific steps to redeem it. There are a few caveats. For one, you only get one rental at this price, and two, the deal might not appear for everyone. Your deal might also be be different, some are seeing $1.50. Redeeming the offer might also be a bit awkward, as it seems to be tied to a user-specific coupon code. To use it you need to go to the Google Play Movies page and see if you have the ad visible below. Clicking the ad opens a prompt to redeem the offer. Google says that this offer is only open to specific users based on their purchase history, so YMMV. If everything goes smoothly, you'll have your $1 rental in no time. The full terms and conditions for the deal are available below. $0.99 for any movie rental Get any one movie rental of your choice for $0.99. Choose any title from the newest releases to classics including the selection below! Discount will be added to "Account => Rewards" and applied at checkout. Watch anywhere including offline on your mobile laptop tablet and supported Android devices. Redeem your offer by July 7 2017 on Google Play from compatible Internet connected devices using a Google account. Limit 1 per user. Nontransferable. No cash value. Cannot be used in conjunction with other offers or discounts except Google Play Gift Cards. This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history. Age restrictions apply. See Content Promotion Terms and Google Play Terms & Conditions. Source: Google Play Tags deal alert Google Movie rental one dollar subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Several movies and TV episodes on Google Play are on sale for Memorial Day ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Anki's Cozmo robot is $152.99 ($27 off) on Amazon Trending 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Ryan Cavitt For me it is $1.49 movie rental. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/775f0f71aed9f34ac07ff6ad601181ea5b3f6032e83ebbb77a61864b8a5699a6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/935239b72cb3597bcaca6892f03e0617be1222001a269d0294c90fb5bd16804c.png bekifft Same for me. Not sure what they're welcoming me back from. It wasn't all that long ago I rented Arrival from them. Ryne Hager I was curious what the differences by account might be. I'll update the post to include that. Hurricane Andrew Same here, I got the $1.49 deal yesterday. nagi Does not seem to be active in Hungary. Probably US-only. Arnaldo Rodriguez For me its $0.99 but when I get to the checkout, its $4.99 again s_bomb Same for me, no discount being applied Mathew Michel I'm guessing we aren't eligible since we use the discounts regularly: "This offer is open to specific Google Play users based on purchase history." s_bomb I had to click the banner advertising the deal and "accept" the deal, after that it is being applied. Gilberto Just as @s_bomb:disqus said, I had to click the banner first, and the price is $1.49 -_- Christopher Phillips I work from ease of my house, via doing very simple activities that solely require from you a Laptop or desktop pc together with internet connection and I am more happy than ever before... After six months time in this job opportunity and also i acquired professionally paid in sum Thirty six Thousand bucks... Generally I get roughly 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours time day by day.And stunning factor with this work is the fact that you can easily organize time when you do the job and for how long as you may wish for and you earn a check weekly.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Daniellejbergeron Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !dw174c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !dw174c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs464MarketFlightGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!dw174c:....,.... me me I see the $0.99, I pick a film, I see rent/buy SD/HD, click on SD rent and it shows $4.99, right upto the point of debitting my credit card. That appears to me to be actually $4.99, not $0.99 ? Ryne Hager Yup, you have to actually redeem their coupon code via an advertisement you'll see on the main page for Google Play Movies, as noted in the article. me me Well that appears not true / applicable. I see $0.99, and then I click on it and it gets right up to the point of about to debit card and its $4.99. So its clickbait to fool me into paying $4.99. Nope. Ryne Hager Unfortunately, if you don't redeem the code via the advertisement on the Play landing page, you won't get the discount. me me Ahh. So YOUR LINK is bad. What i did: Ignore your link. Go to play.google.com Movies then the $0.99 is shown, click on that, then the film, then at checkout its $0.99 shown. Thanks for bringing to our attention, figured out valid method eventually. Ryne Hager Fortunately exactly those instructions were included in the article. Glad you were able to get it to work! iboalali It's a shame that I will never rent or buy any movie or TV show from the play store, because I can't get anything in English (I live in Germany). Except if I want to watch something in German. I rather buy/rent from the Microsoft store, they offer everything in German and English for me. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Wait, where is me me so they can complain that it's still too expensive? Keith Taylor Since I have 5 different accounts I just used on of my secondary ones. blazingwolf I'm getting an offer for 2 episodes of a TV show for $.99. I would rather have the movie but I guess this is better than nothing. ROB Same here... can't imagine a show I would want to pay to see lomsha Shows on 1 account but not the other lol. dullknives same. primary accnt - nothing. secondary accnt - offer is there. pfmiller It says an offer to welcome you back, so it's probably for accounts that haven't used Google Movies recently. roebling "La La Land", the big winner of the last Academy Awards, is on the $0.99 list OtisFeelgood Offer showed up as $1.49 for me. Marty Damn! I was really hyped about this. Sadly the only movies I would have been interested in suck. Logan, The Great Wall and Split all suck. 30014 Logan and Split were awesome, not interested in The Great Wall. Justin Osborne Ah, I reported this about a month ago, it's been going on for some time now. 😛 Marty Tried to rent Passengers and was charged $5.99. Got a refund. iKon Guys, just download Shoebox. Any movie for free. Y'all don't need these offers Good_Ole_Pinocchio Yeaa... Not everybody wants to pirate AC I don't really care about not being eligible for the discount, but it's REALLY tacky of Google to splash the offer screen up for everyone and then sweep the rug under unsuspecting users that didn't receive the promo. Follow Android Police 1.49M 472k 145k 119k Latest Deals 9 [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others 2017/06/04 12:16pm PDTJun 4, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Google Home is $109 ($20 off) at Best Buy, Google Store, B&H, and others 2017/06/04 10:07am PDTJun 4, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 18 [Deal Alert] Get a Nextbit Robin for $129.99 on eBay 2017/06/03 9:39am PDTJun 3, 2017 33 [Deal Alert] A Stork's Journey is currently free on Google Play Movies & TV 2017/06/01 10:50pm PDTJun 1, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 113 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 29 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 74 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 16 12 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/16/17 - 5/22/17) 2017/05/22 12:48pm PDTMay 22, 2017 16 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/10/17 - 5/16/17) 2017/05/16 4:22pm PDTMay 16, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 114 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 28 Tasker beta v5 brings a fresh Material Design look and a huge list of other changes 2017/06/03 7:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 12 [Deal Alert] Kick off the weekend with 24 temporarily free and 52 on-sale apps 2017/06/03 6:50pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 Blast from the Past 60 1 Year Ago Today More Motorola Leaks: 'Style Mod' Replaceable Covers For The Moto X/Z And DROID Come In A Variety Of Materials 2016/06/04 12:27pm PDTJun 4, 2016 40 2 Years Ago Today Chrome Beta v44 Comes With Improvements To 'Native App' And 'Add To Homescreen' Banners, New Push API Features, And More [APK Download] 2015/06/04 5:14pm PDTJun 4, 2015 129 3 Years Ago Today YouTube v5.7 For Android Finally Lets You Select Exact Streaming Quality, As Long As It's 720p Or Lower [APK Download] 2014/06/04 6:16pm PDTJun 4, 2014 3 4 Years Ago Today Google Posts Glass XE6 Factory Image For Your Flashing Pleasure 2013/06/04 8:31pm PDTJun 4, 2013 16 5 Years Ago Today [Update: Pre-Orders Are Live] Sprint Announces The Galaxy S III Available June 21, Pre-Orders Start June 5 - $199 For 16GB, $249 For 32GB 2012/06/04 10:55pm PDTJun 4, 2012 327 6 Years Ago Today [Book Giveaway #2] Looking To Get Into Android Development? We're Giving Away "Hello, Android" To A Lucky Reader 2011/06/04 7:16pm PDTJun 4, 2011 2 7 Years Ago Today HTC EVO 4G OTA Update Comes Out In Time For Launch, Fixes SD Card Problems, Patches Security Issues, But Disables Root - Available Via WiFi As Well 2010/06/04 6:44pm PDTJun 4, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 116 Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 35 It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage 2017/06/04 12:04pm PDTJun 4, 2017 64 Samsung opens up its browser to some non-Samsung devices on the Play Store 2017/06/04 10:30am PDTJun 4, 2017 30 Motorola rolling out Android 7.1.1 to the Moto Z Play 2017/06/04 8:45am PDTJun 4, 2017 19 Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/04 4:25pm PDTJun 4, 2017 Last 7 Days 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] Here are 38 temporarily free and 72 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/05/31 2:08pm PDTMay 31, 2017 501 [Update: New details plus Andy Rubin interview] The Essential phone is official, with an edge-to-edge display and the world's smallest 360-degree camera accessory 2017/05/30 7:48am PDTMay 30, 2017 76 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 24 Plex Live TV is now available for all Plex Pass subscribers, tuner required 2017/06/01 6:00am PDTJun 1, 2017 Last 30 Days 78 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 94 The Play Store adopts new app and notification icons with v7.8.16 [APK Download] 2017/05/10 6:25pm PDTMay 10, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.533s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
