PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals XboxOneBlackFridayDeals Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Mobile Apps/ Android Apps/ Google Says Goodbye to Android Wear's 'Together' Watch Face Google Says Goodbye to Android Wear's 'Together' Watch Face By David Murphy August 7, 2016 06:55pm EST 10 Comments Google is getting rid of Together in late September, since Android Wear 2.0 has a few (semi-)similar features. We hope you haven't become attached to your Android Wear device's "Together" watch face because, soon, you two will be together no more. According to the update that brings Android Wear to version 1.5.0.308, Together will be going away with Android Wear 2.0. Google isn't killing some of Together's features per se, but there's just no need for a separate watch face when bits and pieces of Together are going right into the big Android Wear update anyway. "With the release of Android Wear 2.0, many of the best features of Together will be integrated directly into the platform so you can connect with more people using your favorite messaging services. In addition to emoji, you'll be able to use Smart Reply, keyboard, or handwriting on the watch screen," reads Google's announcement. "You'll also be able to customize a number of different watch faces with useful data from your favorite apps." For the non-Android-using among you (or those who never got a chance to dabble with Together), the feature allowed Android Wear users to link their devices together. They could then use their watches to send each other little messagesdrawings, reallyor tiny updates regarding whatever activities they were currently performing. Users could also send their friends emoji, stickers, or photos (so long as the photo was one of the ten most recent ones a person shot with a paired Android device). Together is scheduled to depart on September 30, but that doesn't necessarily mean that Android Wear 2.0 is going to arrive on October 1. So far, Android Wear 2.0 is scheduled for a fall release, but Google hasn't been more specific about the update's release schedule. //Related Articles Hands On With Android Wear 2.0 When it arrives, Android Wear 2.0 will allow users to send out little notes that you handwrite on the smartwatch itself (and hope that your device can recognize what you're trying to say). You can also swipe through a tiny keyboard to pick letters to form your messages, or select from three pre-written messages if you just need to quickly reply to someone while you're otherwise engaged in something else. That's not quite as fun as the features found in Together, but it's something, at least. One downer, as Android Police notes, is that those running first-generation smartwatches not scheduled to receive the Android Wear 2.0 update will be out of luck, since they won't receive some these communication-themed updates and they will no longer be able to use Together to talk to their friends. "Thanks for using Together. We have had some great feedback and used this to make Android Wear 2.0 the best way to stay connected with the people you care about most," reads Google's announcement. Back to top Previous : BlackBerry Hub+ Arrives on Android Beta Testers 'Explore Interests' in Google Now Next : By David Murphy Freelancer David Murphy got his first real taste of technology journalism when he arrived at PC Magazine as an intern in 2005. A three-month gig turned to six months, six months turned to occasional freelance assignments, and he has since rejoined his tech-loving, mostly New York-based friends as one of PCMag.com's news contributors. His rise to (self-described) fame in the world of tech journalism began during his stint as an associate editor at Maximum PC, where his love of cardboard-based PC construction and meetings put him in... More » More Stories by David ComScore: Half of All Smartphone Time is Spent on Apps There's an app for everything, and it seems that more people are turning to their smartphone apps fo... More » Firewatch Comes to Xbox One Sept. 21 Xbox One gamers will get to play the game's new free-roam mode before anybody else. More » Report: Daimler Targets Tesla with 69 New Electric Vehicles by 2024 Daimler has fired up its research and development for premium electric cars, in the hopes that it ca... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Brexit Referendum ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Making a Difference Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com Breakingnews.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Tech News Gadgets Internet Security Innovation Mobile Tech Aug 8 2016, 6:34 am ET Google's Self-Driving Car Guru Announces He's Leaving by Reuters Share Share Tweet Share Email Print advertisement Chris Urmson, who was instrumental in building Google's self-driving car project, said on Friday he is leaving the team after seven and a half years. Alphabet's Google had named Urmson chief technical officer of the project after it hired former Hyundai executive John Krafcik to be chief executive of the project. Chris Urmson, Director of the Self Driving Cars Project at Google, speaks to the media during a preview of Google's prototype autonomous vehicles in Mountain View, California September 29, 2015. REUTERS/Elijah Nouvelage/File Photo Urmson, who joined the project when it was launched and has been a public face of Google's autonomous vehicle efforts, testified before a U.S. Senate panel on autonomous cars in March. Krafcik confirmed Urmson's departure in a tweet on Friday afternoon. Urmson wrote in a blog post that he was "ready for a fresh challenge." He said he was not sure what he would do next. "Going to take some time and get some perspective from outside of Google," he wrote in a text message to Reuters. Urmson told Reuters earlier this year that self-driving cars are coming. "I've gone from hoping this would happen to thinking it might happen to knowing it will happen," Urmson said. Google self-driving car project spokesman Johnny Luu confirmed Urmson's departure and praised him. "Seven years ago, the idea that a car could drive itself wasn't much more than an idea. Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality," Luu said. Google's project has had other significant departures, even as it has hired dozens of new employees. Earlier this year, Anthony Levandowski, who was product manager for Google's self-driving car program, left the project to co-found a startup with two other former Google employees. Google's self-driving car project is expected to become a standalone company this year. In July, the project appointed its first general counsel. "I've gone from hoping this would happen to thinking it might happen to knowing it will happen," Urmson said. Google has logged more than 1.8 million miles of autonomous driving in testing in Texas, California, Arizona and Washington state. It has said it has no timetable for making self-driving vehicles available to the public. Officials have said Google is preparing to make its self-driving car unit a separate company. The program is now part of its X research laboratory unit. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Fax Machines in Cars? That's What We Wanted in the 1990s 3:23 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/469914691831" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> "The self-driving car project is in the middle of graduating from X and this is sort of a gradual process," Astro Teller, who heads the X program, told NBC News in April. Related: Road Drones: Self Driving Trucks Cross Europe In May, Google and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV said they had agreed to work together to build a fleet of nearly 100 self-driving minivans, the first time a Silicon Valley firm had teamed up with a traditional carmaker to develop an autonomous vehicle. In March, Reuters reported Google's self-driving car team was expanding and hiring more people with automotive industry expertise, underscoring the company's determination to move the division past the experimental stage. Reuters Topics Tech News First Published Aug 8 2016, 6:34 am ET Next Story Relax! We Have Your Guide to a Tech-ed Out Turkey Day advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2016 NBCnews.com
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 166 20 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Phoning homes: Google says we're wild about digital real estate apps SAN FRANCISO — People love to search for houses and see values on their smartphone apps, according to research Google unveiled at Inman Connect. Post to Facebook Phoning homes: Google says we're wild about digital real estate apps SAN FRANCISO — People love to search for houses and see values on their smartphone apps, according to research Google unveiled at Inman Connect.  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2aREDvu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Phoning homes: Google says we're wild about digital real estate apps Catherine Reagor , The Republic | azcentral.com 12:39 p.m. MST August 7, 2016 People love to search for houses and check out home values on their phones. according to new Google research Guess how much time we spend doing it? Google research found that people spend an average of 55 minutes per visit to real estate apps. (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto) Story Highlights Potential homebuyers spent an average of 55 minutes a day on real estate apps and sites, says Google Real estate agents flock to Inman to find out the latest digital real estate trends Scottsdale Realty One agent Jeff Sibbach was named one of the nation's top real estate innovators SAN FRANCISO — It’s official. People love to search for houses and check out home values on their phones. New research from Google unveiled at a major real estate conference this week proves it. OK, that’s no big surprise. But the time we spend on our phones looking at houses is a bit amazing: An average of 55 minutes per visit to real estate apps, according to Google. That figure is based on 1,000 interviews, dozens of surveys and many hours of behavioral tracking. “Customers roll over in the morning and start looking at real estate listings (on their phone),” John Thornton, a partner in Google’s real estate business, told a standing-room only crowd at Inman Connect conference in San Francisco Wednesday. And gone are the days when most people were a little bit scared of buying a home. To wit: About 69 percent of the people Google surveyed said “shopping for real estate was fun” on their phone and online. So fun, that 64 percent kept checking out houses and home values after they purchased a home. People start searching real estate sites an average of three years before they buy, says Google. Only one in five folks checking out real estate apps and websites are actually in the market to buy a home. But the excitement over mobile and online real estate searches and time spent on those sites doesn’t mean all those people are trying to buy or sell homes without agents. AZCENTRAL Fastest-growing group of Phoenix homebuyers? Hispanics And Inman is all about helping real estate agents thrive in the digital market, attracting thousands of them from across the U.S. Hundreds of firms are also here, trying to help agents with everything from mining online digital leads to creating compelling home-tour videos and mastering Snapchat. What to know: Street Scout We needed a better way to understand a home’s value. So we built one. What’s your home worth? Street Scout offers an answer 7 things you need to know about Street Scout Property info wrong on Street Scout? Ask for a recheck StreetScout.com “About 73 percent of homeowners watch videos. Only 4 percent of (real estate) agents shoot videos,” Ben Bacal, an agent with Beverly Hills-based Rodeo Realty and founder of Roofshoot, told a group of real estate folks at Inman. I was at Inman to check out the latest digital and home-buying and -selling trends, as well as to share our new real-time estate data and neighborhood information site Street Scout. Scottsdale Realtor Jeff Sibbach, of Realty ONE Group, was at Inman for its Innovator Awards. He is the only Arizona agent to be one of the 20-plus nominated. “Realtors gave away the keys to the castle,” he told me, referring to listings and other data that can now be found on real estate websites and apps. RELATED: 8 ways to use Street Scout for your real-estate needs “So to reach buyers and sellers, we must innovate, go digital, leverage portals, target SEOs and still go old school with open houses,” he said. “To reach buyers and sellers, (real-estate agents) must innovate, go digital, leverage portals, target SEOs and still go old school with open houses.”Jeff Sibbach, Scottsdale realtor Sibbich’s real estate website drew 166,000 visitors last year. “We do things real estate websites can’t tell buyers or sellers,” Sibbach’s business partner Phil Sexton explained. “We help people prepare homes for sale. A homeowner might spend $25,000 fixing up their home for sale, and it’s a waste of money if it’s not what buyers want today.” He and Sibbach have a regular podcast on Facebook. “We want to be irreplaceable to consumers buying or selling homes,” said Sibbich, who didn’t win the innovator award but was “honored” to be nominated. Google’s advice to real estate agents? “Embrace” real estate apps and sites, Thornton said. He believes the pace of home sales will climb in the U.S. because so many people are so into spending so much more time on real estate sites. Maybe the mantra "location, location, location" is also applicable to digital real estate now, too. AZCENTRAL Check out what $2.2 million can get you in Phoenix area vs. other luxury-housing markets AZCENTRAL Canadians, investors poised for big profits selling metro Phoenix homes AZCENTRAL Finally, Phoenix-area homeowners turning right side up on mortgages AZCENTRAL Metro Phoenix housing market has best month in a decade 166 CONNECTTWEET 20 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2aREDvu TOP VIDEOS Zoo's gorilla barrier didn't meet standards when Harambe died 0:47 People formed a human ladder to rescue an man from a river in China 0:36 Marilyn Monroe's iconic dress sell for $4.8 million 1:05 Twitter expected to field offers to buy social media network this week 1:32 Black police group unhappy with political endorsements 0:32 Emu loose on I-10 in Arizona 0:12 First look: Sky Harbor Terminal 3 upgrades 1:23 Halloween 2016 By The Numbers 0:50 Octopus hunts one of the world's most venomous fish 0:35 Kent Somers, Bob McManaman discuss news from Cardinals camp on Friday 2:12 You Can Sleep In Dracula's Coffin Thanks To Airbnb 1:09 Five things that matter to Millennials in the election 1:52 Half-zebra, half-donkey is 100% adorable 0:27 Punchlines: Disenchanted yet? 4:54 Mexico City cartoon exhibit depicts Donald Trump as a Nazi 2:04 Former Jets player killed in crash 0:37 Glenn Beck praises Michelle Obama's speech as incredibly effective 1:15 4 dead when truck plunged off San Diego bridge into crowd below 0:43 What to watch for in Sprint Cup race at Kansas Speedway 1:56 Several women say Trump inappropriately touched them 0:50 Energy-saving tips 1:45 Sustainable building at ASU 2:10 Sedona house destroyed 1:36 Dad's heartfelt Facebook post inspires flood of support from strangers 0:54 Teen Marine surprises his mom after six months away 0:37 Accused school shooter charged with murder, attempted murder 4:29 A Phoenix resident is suing a Pappadeaux restaurant 0:49 Pottermore will tell you what your Patronus is 0:41 5 most memorable Ryder Cup moments 1:11 Trump campaign touts donation windfall after the debate 1:08 This beer is supposed to taste like a burger 1:02 The Republic editorial board's 2016 presidential endorsement 1:07 Pepe the Frog declared a hate symbol by Anti-Defamation League 0:30 More Stories Roberts: Finding blessings even in bad times Nov. 23, 2016, 10:46 a.m. Montini: Bruce Arians and the perks of working on Thanksgiving week Nov. 22, 2016, 8:27 a.m. My Turn: Make a difference this holiday season: Buy local Nov. 22, 2016, 12:25 p.m.
null
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 7 °C Wednesday 23 November, 2016 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Opinion Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags brian goral Business Insider CIA homeland homeland security keeping secrets Security USA See other tags Tags Sunday 7 Aug, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/2912603 Secrecy, terrorism and no egos: What it's really like to work as a CIA agent Former CIA operative Brian Goral talks about his experiences. Aug 7th 2016, 10:00 PM 24,146 Views 35 Comments Share11 Tweet Email1 A scene from Homeland. Image: Showtime A brutal blown call two months ago suddenly looms large in the College Football Playoff This little router blankets your home in speedy WiFi — and gives Google a serious challenge The slew of good US economic data is because of the election — but not Trump's win A hedge fund at the world's biggest alternative-asset manager is setting off on its own AS A CHILD, Brian Goral was fascinated with the CIA. “I started keeping a journal and a folder of news articles on US and Soviet forces,” he told Business Insider. “I would copy terms and acronyms from the backs of military-spy novels and try to understand the World Book Encyclopedia’s explanation of how nuclear weapons worked. “I remember at one point during a math class my sophomore year in high school, my multi-year unrequited crush, Denise, and I decided we should go work for the CIA.” Denise, he says, pursued a different career path. But Goral realised his dream when he landed an internship with the CIA — the civilian foreign-intelligence service of the US federal government — as a college student. Goral, 39, spent 15 years with the agency, and told us about what it’s really like to work for the CIA. Can you tell me about your background? I was born and raised in Milwaukee. I have always been fascinated by why people make the choices they do and how our brains process information — part of that, no doubt, because both my parents were counsellors. I grew up knowing I wanted to do something really positive but also really cool with my life. I knew I was a smart kid, and quite frankly, knew it too well when I was becoming a teenager. My future career thoughts oscillated between being a brain surgeon and a soldier of some sort — yes, it was an odd specificity. I always thought the civilian life was probably a better path for the energetic nerd in me by the time I made it to college. I figured I was on the way to becoming a doctor with a specialty in neurology. However, I realised I wasn’t ready to commit to attending medical school right out of college, so I started thinking about other career options instead. My freshman year at Michigan State, a good friend of mine — with the help of the University’s student services — introduced me to the idea of taking an internship at CIA. That’s when the idea became real. What sort of experience did you need before applying for your first job at the CIA? Source: Courtesy of Brian Goral via Business Insider For the internship program, it’s just like many others: They are searching for people who are sharp and loyal, with a real desire to be there. Unlike many places, it’s tougher to know exactly what you’re in for in terms of the work. I had a solid advantage over many other candidates in one key (and unplanned) way: I was a chemistry/biochemistry guy. Many other applicants were political science or criminal justice. Even today, not many people think of the natural sciences when they think of the agency — though at least now people do recognise the broader technology part of the CIA more frequently. However, 1996 was around the time The Rock came out, and inspectors in Iraq were looking for chemical weapons while others were analysing potential connections between Saddam’s chemical munitions being “destroyed” during the first Gulf War and Gulf War illnesses. My qualifications were that I came in with a great academic record in an area of specific interest at the time, and I had a personal interest in the agency and a fair understanding of how the CIA fit into the bigger picture. And so, as an intern, I was able to aid technical analysis of potential illicit chemical weapons being developed by other nations. So what was it like working for the CIA? There was no routine year-on-year. It really depended on the assignment and location. The one role and business model I can speak to most freely — because it is unclassified — is my last one: managing the business relationship with the nongovernmental venture capital firm known as In-Q-Tel. In-Q-Tel was founded to help the CIA and other members of the intelligence community such as the FBI make strategic investments in new technologies from the startup world that would cost much more time and expense to attempt to recreate in-house. For example, most people know Google Earth, but many may not realise that the original version of the software was evaluated and supported by the intelligence community well before Google. Since the government cannot make investments for profit, when Google bought all the rights to the software, the CIA, with In-Q-Tel, directed the profits from the original investment to other startup companies to help advance additional new products that would benefit both the commercial world and the government. It’s an excellent model which has really grown over the years. Within our shop, I governed gathering new technology requirements from across the CIA and putting those needs into context for the financial teams to understand why we might want to invest in a certain computer hardware company or particular type of data analytics. Source: Courtesy of Brian Goral via Business Insider What would you say was the best part of working for the CIA? It was definitely the people you meet. Both your own colleagues and the incredible individuals I discovered in places in the world that you’d never even heard of when you were a kid. These incredible people often included our own US servicemen and women — who frequently didn’t know (or particularly care) who we were, but were good to us regardless. What was the biggest challenge or worst part or working there? Quite honestly, walking away. Certainly throughout my career there were scary moments in the field and painful ones while working back home, particularly when I’d hear news of friends and colleagues who wouldn’t be coming home. 30 December 2009 stands out. The agency lost seven personnel in an attack on a base at Khowst, Afghanistan, on that day. However, in a way, those moments were expected and part of the job. Leaving wasn’t. During the last 15-plus years, many of the people in the agency became my best friends and family. I was leaving the job security and the mission for complete unknowns, certainly. However, I also knew that most of those amazing friends and colleagues who helped me to reach the points of success I attained in my career I would probably never see again. What’s one thing people would be surprised to know about working for the CIA? The level of professional and managerial training offered to the workforce. Recently, there has been a major push to educate those who aren’t in the CIA about the different types of training and lessons of leadership from our senior executives. That, coupled with an effort to flatten aspects of the organization and enhance cross-communications between what were once distinct verticals: Operations, Intelligence [Analysis], Science and Technology, and Administration. People may be surprised to see a distinctly nonmilitary, matrixed hierarchy taking real lessons from the world of corporate research and change management. What’s one of the biggest misconceptions about working for the CIA? There’s no stereotypical “agent” with a single personality and dictated political mindset. For every gun-rights activist at the CIA, there is a coworker who wants reform right now. For every devout Christian, Muslim, Buddhist, or Hindu in the building, there is someone who prefers the scientific exploration of the universe. While I’ve heard political discussions in the halls and cafeteria, I don’t think I’d ever seen a hot-button political issue of the day that actually influenced the work or affected cooperation between colleagues working together on a project. When the work starts, it usually just doesn’t come up if you’re pro- or anti- this or that political issue. People there work from the position that they are the first line of defense, and everyone is there because they love the country. That said, you can still see normal disagreements over expense reports, petty nonissues, and eye-rolling both ways between those who have been in nice locations for most of their careers working classical intelligence collection missions as opposed to those who have spent their time in the war zones and have a very different view of the organization. Do you think movies and TV shows like Homeland tend to portray life at the CIA accurately? What does Hollywood get wrong? The short answer is no — which I imagine is true for most professions depicted by Hollywood. I like a good adventure story as much as the next person. However, besides missing badly on the ratio of excitement to preparation, most of the movie and TV versions I’ve seen have sold short the diversity of personalities and complexity of emotions encountered within the work we do, or they overcompensate with completely ridiculous elements. Source: Courtesy of Brian Goral via Business Insider How was your personal life affected by your professional life when you worked for the CIA? For me, like for many people in very intense working environments, there was a tendency to subconsciously boost my own prioritisation of my work over other things, particularly in the early years. Early in my career, I tended to take few vacations, and it took me a while to figure out how to create a substantive work-life balance. For example, I kicked myself after missing a friend’s wedding and another’s law school graduation. I did manage to grow into my own person, and it certainly helped that I couldn’t physically take work home with me and that I often found myself in amazing places where it would have been great to be a regular tourist. Catching those glimpses and making plans to return one day helped me want to connect more deeply with the people in my life who would want to share in the trip. Those realisations pushed that early imbalance much more toward even. Was it hard to have a job you couldn’t talk about very much? I think in the commercial world there are just as many professions where you can’t speak casually or openly with others about work details — financial dealings and emerging technology, for example. While it’s generally easier to communicate with people from your same profession, there are certainly ways to express events of the day to others without going into critical details. This is not to say all the stresses of our respective careers are equal; certainly there are very different boundaries and potential consequences for disclosing information to which to adapt. As I mentioned before, most of the people in the building understand that they’re not in a profession compatible with a burning need to dazzle others with dropped names or stories they couldn’t prove anyway. What’s your best piece of advice for anyone who dreams of working for the CIA? Check your ego at the door. The agency is an incredible place of service where excellent people are doing things from which they’ll never receive credit from the outside world. However, you still need to understand the outside world, so start with learning a language and stepping outside your comfort zone to travel; visit places and countries that are off the tourists’ beaten paths. Learn to understand the people you meet there because, generally speaking, the people who are going to work hard to change the world aren’t the ones already sitting on top of it. When and why did you decide it was time to leave the CIA? I finished my MBA around the 15-year mark, in 2014, and started to recognize that if I was ever going to make that leap to the commercial world, let alone a startup, I would need to do it pretty soon. If I waited longer, I’d have gotten sucked into that space where it’s “just another couple of years until X milestone,” or “… that executive role.” Alternatively, I might have found myself with family commitments and not willing to take the startup risk. I’d loved the missions and the people, but when my immediate leadership was replaced by a micromanager in my final work tour, that was the catalyst to sell my home, find a short-term lease in a new city, and commit myself to not renewing so that I’d be out of DC by the end of that year. So what happened next? What are you doing now? Fortunately, I had some great friends and veteran contacts up in New York City who helped me meet with some really nerdy, techy, entrepreneurial, good people and really gain exposure to the New York startup scene. I moved here from DC in early 2015 with a one-way ticket, a duffle bag, and a backpack. After working with so many veterans and having been part of incredible advancements in technology, I have since started up a company called Furenexo, which is focused on bringing those same sorts of advancements to “disability tech.” We have some big goals and are approaching them step by step. This interview has been lightly edited and condensed. Read: German agent spied for the CIA and Russia because he wanted to do ‘something exciting’> Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   Published with permission from: Business Insider Business Insider is a business site with strong financial, media and tech focus. See more articles by Business Insider Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/what-its-like-to-work-at-the-cia-2912603-Aug2016/?embedpost=2912603&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/what-its-like-to-work-at-the-cia-2912603-Aug2016/?embedpost=2912603&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/what-its-like-to-work-at-the-cia-2912603-Aug2016/?embedpost=2912603&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Secrecy, terrorism and no egos: What it's really like to work as a CIA agent ”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Secrecy, terrorism and no egos: What it's really like to work as a CIA agent ”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (35 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions The Central Bank Governor on why deposit limits are 'not targets but ceilings' Philip Lane Governor Philip Lane explains why the Central Bank wants to make things easier for first-time buyers. Opinion: 'Rural Ireland is not dead. It’s on the verge of great things.' David Minton We are a country renowned for our innovation and problem solving. Let’s fix Rural Ireland, writes David Minton. President Higgins: "We must share vigilance of not letting anti-Semitism spread again" Michael D. Higgins World Jewish Conference delegates hear Higgins address concerns over ‘walls’ and ‘fear’ challenging the world. Most Popular Today 1 Temperatures to fall as low as -4 tonight as cold snap settles in 47,647  40 2 First time buyers no longer need 20% deposit on properties 41,762  78 3 Enough cyanide 'to wipe out Roscommon' lay in farmer's shed for 45 years 39,433  46 1 A Dublin energy startup is taking its 'Google Nest killer' thermostat stateside 314  0 2 The single most important thing you can do to negotiate better deals 115  0 3 The Central Bank is relaxing its mortgage rules for first-time buyers 83  0 1 New Zealand's Fekitoa banned but Cane escapes further punishment 36,212  60 2 Leicester march into Champions League last 16, Spurs crash out 21,673  12 3 Ex-Liverpool and England player Paul Stewart goes public with sexual abuse ordeal 21,645  18 1 12 cosy and comforting things to watch on Netflix right now 7,827  9 2 24 daring deeds guaranteed to make you feel like a total rebel 5,186  3 3 What to watch on TV tonight: Tuesday 5,174  0 Trending Tags PLANNING Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans Developer wins case over rejected planning for €75 million south county Dublin development PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing COURTS Jurors at Sean FitzPatrick trial told they'll be needed until well into next year Son of deceased billionaire businessman kept a loaded gun over his bed Schoolgirl receives €35,000 after her face was cut at a Leisureplex GARDAí Temperatures to fall as low as -4 tonight as cold snap settles in Man forced stepdaughter to wear dog collar as he carried out abuse, court hears Woman charged over fatal stabbing says she acted in self-defence DUBLIN Flights to and from Dublin cancelled after Lufthansa pilots strike Snapchat mates and baby-making: Douglas' Dublin links are strong Wax Museum set to close its doors in less than two weeks FRANCE Man finds €3.5 million worth of gold in house he inherited New Zealand's Fekitoa banned but Cane escapes further punishment Two Qatari women robbed of valuables worth €5 million in Paris motorway heist ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2016 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Secrecy, terrorism and no egos: What it's really like to work as a CIA agent Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
null
Press Esc to close Wednesday 23 November 2016 News updated at 11:21 PM IST Archives Weather Max: 31.9°C Min : 16.6°C In Bengaluru clear sky  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    Police stops JNU students from marching to Parliament      Amartya Sen's 9-year-long association with Nalanda Univ ends      US computer scientists urge Clinton to challenge poll result      5 foreign nationals booked for misbehaving on Air India flight      BCCI never responded to ICC mails on Indo-Pak women's matches      Music lovers bid tearful adieu to Balamuralikrishna      F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim      Demonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to opposition      Zee to acquire TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in radio biz      Indian-American Nikki Haley's steep political rise continues      Rupee tanks to 9-mth low on strong dollar scare, outflows      NIA asks banks to freeze accounts of Naik, IRF      IIT Kharagpur ranked top varsity in India in international survey      India lose 2-3 to Australia in four-nation hockey opener      Jan Dhan account deposits swell, mobilise Rs 21,000 cr      Infosys invests Rs 31.6 cr in Stellaris Venture Partners      Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access      RS Dy Chairman pulls up Minister; puts Anand Sharma on the mat      Sebi boosts start-up funding, relaxes rules for angel funds      Pak wooing Indians opposed to Modi's extremist policies: Aziz      Pak says four of its citizens killed in shelling by India      Woman arrested for beating three-year-old son to death      Body of missing IIT aspirant from Bihar found in Kota river      Cash van driver flees with Rs 1.37 crore      SC expresses disappointment over Centre not appointing Lokpal      Mamata hits Delhi's streets, gets JD-U, SP and NCP support      New vehicles to have digital tag for toll payments      'No state transport service to 257 villages due to bad roads'      I'm no cheat, says du Plessis after tampering row      Trump nominates Indian-American Nikki Haley as US envoy to UN      Twitter boss briefly suspended from his own network      BCCI furious as ICC docks eves for not playing Pakistan      Demonetisation: India moving towards formal economy, says Kant      Unable to withdraw money for exam fees, teen hangs self: Cops      'Hail Trump' chant divisive and contrary to American values:WH      Govt asks NABARD to disburse Rs 21K crore to farmers      'PM has done world's biggest impromptu financial experiment'      Protests by united Oppn leads to RS adjournment till 2 PM      Pakistan warns against use of water as an instrument of coercion      No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt      SC refuses to stay demonetisation proceedings in various HCs      Lok Sabha proceedings washed out for 5th day over demonetisation      Goa: Video of assault on local cricketer goes viral, 2 held      L&T lays off 14,000 employees during Apr-Sept      Army launches counter-offensive; BSF men injured in shelling      Civilians flee as Syrian regime advances in rebel held Aleppo      Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000-mark      Trump indicates u-turn on climate change, jailing Clinton      Uphaar fire: SC to set up bench for hearing review pleas      Jhansi DRM transferred, 5 railway officials suspended      Lead, heavy metals have been found in soft drinks: Govt      Some relief for cash-starved public, queues shorten      CBI examines Jagdish Tytler      Tata Chemicals calls EGM to remove Mistry, Wadia as directors      India to get Swiss bank a/c data from Sept 2018 onwards      Action against bank staff fraudulently exchanging notes: RBI      Defamation case: Kejriwal fails to get relief from SC      Ratan Tata tried to sell TCS, made Corus deal expensive:Mistry      Rabi sowing ops not affected due to demonetisation: Govt      Paan shop owner gets 'fake' Rs 2,000 note      Bypolls: Ruling parties hold sway; BJP,TMC share honours in LS      More relaxations for farmers on anvil: Jaitley      Bhuvneshwar Kumar back in Indian Test squad, Gambhir dropped      India's first female Merchant Navy captain wins bravery award      Defence Minister briefed on LoC killings      Carnatic exponent Balamuralikrishna no more      Sena mounts fresh offensive against BJP over demonetisation      Defamation not a tool for mighty to browbeat citizens: Court      Ibrahimovic says may 'conquer' US      Lying on back during pregnancy may up stillbirth risk: study      UK scholarships of 1 million pound for Indian students      82,500 ATMs recalibrated to dispense new notes      Three soldiers killed in LoC attack, body of one mutilated     Videos New Rs. 2,000 notes recovered from gunned... Its Unfortunate that some people are still... TPP is not the end Final days for French graffiti ghost town... Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most Popular Stories now Commented Emailed Viewed Mamata, Kejriwal attack Modi over demonetisation Long queues outside banks a 'serious issue', says SC I-T raids on Janardhana Reddy's Obulapuram company in Bellary Demonetisation: Govt provides relief to farmers, families celebrating weddings 'PM has done world's biggest impromptu financial experiment' Mamata's show of strength gets JD-U, SP and NCP support Oppn seeks demonetisation debate in LS under voting rule Demonetisation nightmare Reminiscing the school days Financial Inclusion: Threats dwarf opportunities Trump meets TV executives, journos, calls them deceitful liars Fresh currency notes recovered from militants Pitfalls of a secretive economic manoeuvre Currency scrapping slows down economy Demonetisation nightmare Carnatic exponent Balamuralikrishna no more No surprises in bypoll results in 6 states, UT Aaradhya Bachchan celebrates birthday with star kids Music legend Balamurali passes away It's just beginning, says PM as BJP MPs endorse his 'crusade' DVS seeks to settle hospital bills with old currency Photo Gallery Fire fighters trying to douse a fire which broke out in a four storey building at Sadar Bazar market A massive fire broke out at an oil pump at Dhanamanjuri College campus Imphal ... An injured elephant and its calf after they accidentally fell into a pit... Women carrying weed on their heads during a foggy day in Srinagar... A view of sunset in Shimla ... Rahul Gandhi with MP's of Opposition parties during a protest outside Parliament... Security personnel showing the arms ammunition recovered from Maoists after an encounter ... A security jawan stands guard during a foggy day in Srinagar... Rescue operation in progress after a truck fell down in River Ganga from a bridge.... A former rowing his boat loaded with radish at interior Dal Lake during a foggy day... more About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
Sign in Home Accessories Lumia Windows Microsoft Reviews Video Subscribe Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password OneTechStop Home Accessories Lumia Windows Microsoft Reviews Video Subscribe Home Windows 10 Mobile Here is what you can do (for now) to add your Gmail... Windows 10 Mobile Here is what you can do (for now) to add your Gmail ID to Outlook Mail in Windows 10 Mobile. By Sriyansa Mohanty - August 7, 2016 399 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet There have been a lot of complaints lately, about the Gmail Account not getting added in the Outlook Mail in Windows 10 Mobile. The users are prompted with a browser not supported error while they try to add Google Account. Google is to be blamed here for blocking this service, and for now you can try this temporary fix. 1. Go to “Settings”. 2. Tap on “Accounts”. 3. Tap on “Your email and accounts”. 4. Tap “Add an account”. 5. Tap “Other accounts POP, IMAP”. 6. Enter your Email address and Password. 7. Tap the Sign in button. 8. Once you’re signed in Open the Edge browser. 9. Visit gmail.com and log in to your Google account. 10. Open the message with the subject “Blocked sign-in attempt for security reasons” 11. Tap on the Allow Access button. 12. You will be forwarded to the Google security setting page. “Under the Access for less secure apps”, select “Turn on”. This is a little complex but will work fine once done. But it is to NOTE that Contacts and Calendar details wont be synced like they used to be, only mails would be synchronized. This is the only working way to get the Google mails reach you through the Outlook Mail app, and we hope it works for you too! Source : WinBeta Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articlemyTube Beta updated for Windows 10 with Redstone Support and a lot more. Next articleNew Game From Game Troopers: Pool Tour Masters Sriyansa Mohanty Student and a Blogger from India. I love Tech and Food. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Apps Facebook’s Universal Messenger App gets updated. Apps Viber app gets updated for Windows 10 and Windows 10 Mobile. Windows 10 Windows 10 Build 14965 Rolling Out To Mobile and PC Insiders on Fast Ring Gplus FaceBook wordpress Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Google+. Loading Facebook Comments ... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Facebook. LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Subscribe to OneTechStop Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 54 other subscribers Email Address We are on Facebook We are on Facebook ABOUT USOneTechStop is a group of guys passionate about the latest tech. We focus on Windows & all other Tech. Contact us: contact@onetechstop.net FOLLOW US © Copyright 2016
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close USA women's basketball team Rio 2016 women's basketball: USA 121-56 Senegal – as it happened! Live results from day one | Full schedule for the opening day Sign up here for the daily Olympics briefing email Run through Rio with our virtual podcast Updated Mame Marie Sy of Senegal attempts to block Maya Moore. Photograph: Shannon Stapleton/Reuters Hunter Felt Sunday 7 August 2016 12.38 EDT Last modified on Thursday 25 August 2016 14.32 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 12.38pm EDT 12:38 Final thoughts 12.35pm EDT 12:35 US wins! 11.56am EDT 11:56 Second half begins! 11.45am EDT 11:45 Halftime! 11.03am EDT 11:03 Opening tip 10.23am EDT 10:23 Preamble Live feed Show 12.38pm EDT 12:38 Final thoughts Well, not a lot to really analyze today, the difference in talent between the two clubs was clearly evident all game long. Credit the US for not slacking no matter how big their lead ballooned, and also to Senegal for never appearing demoralized. Next up for the women’s team: they will face Spain on Monday at 11:00am EST. And that’s going to do it for this liveblog however, thanks to everybody who followed along today. Ciao! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 US wins! USA 121-56 Senegal, FINAL The US get their 10th three-pointer of the game but it’s Senegal who make the final shot, also a three-point. But it’s still a 65 point difference between the two teams, another US Olympics record. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.31pm EDT 12:31 USA 117-50 Senegal, 1:05, 4th quarter Senegal picks up another three-pointer here. Nobody is playing like they’re demoralized on their side. Neither are the Senegal fans, who celebrate when their country makes a second straight basket to hit the 50 point mark. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.29pm EDT 12:29 USA 117-43 Senegal, 2:05, 4th quarter And with a three-pointer, what else, the US break their old record. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.28pm EDT 12:28 USA 114-43 Senegal, 3:05, 4th quarter Breanna Stewart to the line, making one of two free throws. The US has now tied its old record for the most points in an Olympics game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.27pm EDT 12:27 USA 111-43 Senegal, 4:09, 4th quarter Whalen contributes some free throws to the US points total. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.26pm EDT 12:26 USA 109-43 Senegal, 4:27, 4th quarter Nice fast break layup for Senegal, a brief moment of positivity for this team who had the misfortune of having their first game against this US buzz saw. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.23pm EDT 12:23 USA 108-41 Senegal, 5:32, 4th quarter Sue Bird with the US’s 8th three-pointer of the game. It’s impossible to overstate how dominant the US have been today. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.22pm EDT 12:22 USA 105-41 Senegal, 6:17, 4th quarter Aida Fall fouls out for Senegal, she’s been really impressive all game long, those fouls are a sign of just how physically involved she’s been today. Delle Donne hits a three for the US. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.20pm EDT 12:20 USA 102-41 Senegal, 7:23, 4th quarter Tamika Catchings gets to the line and makes two free throws. Angel McCoughtry gets the ball and goes all the way to the other end of the floor for a basket. The USA hit the 100 mark and then break it thanks to Sue Bird’s first basket of the game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.18pm EDT 12:18 USA 96-41 Senegal, 8:31, 4th quarter Aya Traore with a long three to kick off the scoring in the fourth. USA scores on the opposite end. That record is definitely a possibility here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.17pm EDT 12:17 USA 94-38 Senegal, 9:23, 4th quarter And the fourth quarter begins almost immediately. Wow, I’m so used to loooong commercial breaks. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.16pm EDT 12:16 Email from Katie Patykus: I’m reading off your live comments to our excited 11 year-old basketball playing daughter...thank you for doing this! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.15pm EDT 12:15 USA 94-38 Senegal, end of the 3rd quarter Sylvia Fowles to the line, she makes one of two free throws. Whalen turns the ball over but Senegal can’t find a way to The US women’s Olympics record is 114 points. Could they possible break it this game? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.12pm EDT 12:12 USA 93-38 Senegal, 36.2, 3rd quarter Senegal’s Aida Fall for a Senegal basket, that’s 14 points for her. Credit to Senegal for keeping on playing here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.11pm EDT 12:11 USA 89-36 Senegal, 2:05, 3rd quarter Senegal scores but the US, who are playing this as if it’s all knotted up and heading down to the wire, scores and gets a free throw for an old-fashioned three point play. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.09pm EDT 12:09 USA 84-34 Senegal, 2:50, 3rd quarter Lindsay Whalen with a sweet cut to the basket. and it’s now a 50 point US lead. Yikes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.07pm EDT 12:07 USA 82-34 Senegal, 3:30, 3rd quarter Nice spin move from Tina Charles. With the game now very clearly on hand, it’s probably time to just appreciate the game from an aesthetic level rather than as a competition. It’s just a treat to watch some of the best women’s basketball players on the planet working together with the spotlight firmly on them. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.05pm EDT 12:05 Email from Melanie & John & Family: Mr. Felt, thanks for the live blog. Senegal has talent, but I venture to guess that much less training and money are invested in their skills. Title IX, which mandates that U.S. public schools must spend equally on girls’ and boys’ athletics, has helped make our women’s pro teams--basketball and international football, anyway--the powerhouses they are today. (The story goes that U.C. Berkeley’s WBB team visited Senegal about 10 years ago, beat their national team, then took off their expensive Nikes and gave them to the Senegalese players.) Good points here. It should be noted that the Senegal’s women team is actually more successful than their men’s team, they’ve consistently won FIBA’s African tournaments. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.02pm EDT 12:02 USA 73-27 Senegal, 6:16, 3rd quarter Tina Charles misses but Maya Moore gets the outback. Some great team basketball being played here, it should be noted. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.01pm EDT 12:01 USA 71-27 Senegal, 6:50, 3rd quarter Hey this is as close as Senegal has gotten to run, getting a basket and two free throws to go on a 4-0 run. Hey, it’s baby steps here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.59am EDT 11:59 USA 71-23 Senegal, 7:45, 3rd quarter Senegal gets to the line for two free throws then forces a turnover on the other end. One of the best sequences for Senegal all game long, probably… But they give it up on the other end. Griner misses an open layup but USA has the rebound and Taurasi gets her record fifth three. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.57am EDT 11:57 USA 68-21 Senegal, 8:37, 3rd quarter Taurasi has a look for her record 5th three, but gives it to Griner for an easy score. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.56am EDT 11:56 Second half begins! SA 66-21 Senegal, 9:48, 3rd quarter Brittney Griner gets fouled and goes to the line to increase the USA lead. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.53am EDT 11:53 Meanwhile on the Senegal side, they’ve made 16 turnovers to the USA’s… um 3. That strikes me as unsustainable. Oh man, now there’s a feature on the late Pat Summitt’s Olympics career. I already teared up during yesterday’s tribute to the ailing Craig Sager, I can’t afford to get weepy again here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.51am EDT 11:51 The story of the game so far is Diana Taurasi, who has scored 12 points on 4-of-6 shooting from the three-point line. Steph Curry wishes he could do that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.45am EDT 11:45 Halftime! USA 64-21 Senegal, end of the 2nd quarter The bad news was that my feed completely crashed and I missed the last few minutes of the first half. The good news is that I clearly didn’t miss much. Senegal got in just one more shot before the break and this one’s almost over already. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.37am EDT 11:37 USA 53-19 Senegal, 3:17, 2nd quarter Things ar eno getting any brighter for Senegal here. USA vs China is starting to look like a nail biter in comparison. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.32am EDT 11:32 USA 41-16 Senegal, 6:36, 2nd quarter Hey, there’s two more free throws for Senegal that helps. And then the US actually turns the ball over. A rare misstep. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.30am EDT 11:30 USA 39-14 Senegal, 7:09, 2nd quarter And the Olympics never truly begins until the NBC live stream goes down for no reason what-so-ever. When the action returns, it’s obvious that Senegal hasn’t done much in the interval to make this game a close one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.26am EDT 11:26 USA 35-9 Senegal, end of the 1st quarter Gonna have to give a lot of credit to the US defense which has been absolutely stifling. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.23am EDT 11:23 USA 33-9 Senegal, 7,9, 1st quarter Delle Donne to the line, knocks down two free throws. Hey, Senegal actually gets some free throws, she knocks them both both down. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.20am EDT 11:20 USA 31-7 Senegal, 42.3, 1st quarter Whalen scores out of the break. Oumou Toure hits a rare basket for Senegal, but the US responds almost immediately. This is way out of hand already. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.19am EDT 11:19 USA 27-5 Senegal, 2:11, 1st quarter Taurasi to Elena Delle Donna who hits a beautiful floater. The US follows up wit another basket and we come to a brief break in the action. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.15am EDT 11:15 USA 23-5 Senegal, 2:46, 1st quarter Whalen misses on the US end. A rare fruitless possession this game. Deep three from Taurasi, her fourth three-pointer of the game. Almost tying her own record and we’re not even in the second quarter. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.13am EDT 11:13 USA 20-5 Senegal, 4:18, 1st quarter Maya Moore gets involved, gets a second chance bucket for the US. Senegal turns the ball over once again, they can’t afford to do that at all against this US offense if they want to stay in the game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.10am EDT 11:10 USA 18-5 Senegal, 5:19, 1st quarter Griner with a put-in and this is getting out of hand quickly. Then, finally, Astou Traroe scores to stop the Senegal scoring drought. But Grinner gets to the line to add to the US lead. Updated at 11.11am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.08am EDT 11:08 USA 14-2 Senegal, 6:45, 1st quarter Tina Charles with a steal and a score. Senegal misses on their end. Updated at 11.13am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.07am EDT 11:07 USA 12-2 Senegal, 6:57, 1st quarter Taurasi hits another three and Senegal takes a timeout. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.06am EDT 11:06 USA 9-2 Senegal, 7:30, 1st quarter Several threes so far with the US, going for the Warriors game plan. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.03am EDT 11:03 Opening tip USA 3-0 Senegal, 9:29, 1st quarter And we’re off! USA scores first, a bucket and a foul. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.00am EDT 11:00 Diana Taurasi says this might be the best women’s basketball lineup ever, but also notes that she says this every Olympics. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.59am EDT 10:59 Without warning, the livestream starts several minutes before 11am, jarring your commentator awake. Limited interruptions thanks to Kelloggs, who definitely figured in this Eastern Time game start time into their plans. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.54am EDT 10:54 This is the closest thing the Olympics committee will allow to in-game .gifs, I believe: U.S. Olympic Team (@TeamUSA) ⏰15 MINUTES until tipoff! Women's @usabasketball is READY! 🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/JIpvRXcoY9 August 7, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.47am EDT 10:47 Predictions Normally when we ask for predictions, we’re looking to see who people think will win. That might not be the case with these Olympics. What will probably make for a more, uh, plausible debate is whether or not these games will… well, be games. Certainly USA vs China on the male side of things went about how everyone expected (i.e. not well for China). This should be at least a tad closer, I think. Should still be in double digits in favor of USA, I would think. Your thoughts? You can tweet them to @HunterFelt or email them to Hunter.Felt@theguardian.com and we’ll use them here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.43am EDT 10:43 I want to take this time before the game starts to salute the true heroes of these Olympics: friends, family and co-workers who have bravely given out their cable passwords to others so they can actually watch NBC’s livestreams. You are all the real MVPs. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.38am EDT 10:38 I’ll admit to being slightly more familiar with the names on the US side here: US women’s team F Seimone Augustus (Minnesota Lynx) G Sue Bird (Seattle Storm) F Tamika Catchings (Indiana Fever) C Tina Charles (New York Liberty) G/F Elena Delle Donne (Chicago Sky) C Sylvia Fowles (Minnesota Lynx) C Brittney Griner (Phoenix Mercury) F Angel McCoughtry (Atlanta Dream) F Maya Moore (Minnesota Lynx) F/C Breanna Stewart (Seattle Storm) G Diana Taurasi (Phoenix Mercury) G Lindsay Whalen (Minnesota Lynx) Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.31am EDT 10:31 Senegal women’s basketball team roster: Maimouna Diarra Bintou Dieme Fatou Dieng Diodio Diouf Aida Fall Marie-Sadio Rosche Mame Marie Sy Oumoul Thiam Oumou Toure Astou Traore Aya Traore Lala Wane Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.23am EDT 10:23 Preamble Yesterday the US Men’s Basketball Team kicked off their quest for Olympic gold with a blowout win over China yesterday. Today it the women’s team time to shine as they start their run with today’s game against Senegal. Although they are overshadowed by the big names on the men’s team, this women’s team is, once again, a collection of some the best women’s players on the planet, at true murderer’s row that includes Maya Moore (Minnesota Lynx), Breanna Stewart (Seattle Storm), Brittney Griner (Phoenix Mercury), Diana Taurasi (Phoenix Mercury) and Sue Bird, in what will almost certainly will be her last trip to the Olympics as a competitor. In other words, it’s very very difficult to imagine the US women’s team dropping a single game in the next few weeks, let alone failing to win the gold. So, Senegal, who qualified for the Olympics after defeating Cameroon in the 2015 Women’s AfroBasket tournament are very much the underdogs here today. But, still, they have to play the games, right? We want to hear from you throughout today’s liveblog, just send out your questions, comments, critiques and what-nots either via email (to Hunter.Felt@theguardian.com) or Twitter (@HunterFelt). USA vs. Senegal is set to start at 11:00am EST but we’ll be back before then with rosters and commentary before then. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.25am EDT 09:25 Hunter will be here shortly, in the meantime here’s how the US men’s team got on last night: There was a moment on Saturday night where the US’s basketball game against China was actually something resembling a competition. This was just after the tip-off when Klay Thompson took a wayward three-pointer and China’s forward Yanyuhang Ding was fouled and hit two free throws. A huge roar filled the crowd in Carioca Arena 1. Many of the fans jumped to their feet as if somehow, improbably the game would actually be close. Then the US started to run. And run. And run. By the time it was over, they had beaten China 119-62 in a game that was nowhere as close as the score. The idea that anyone in these Olympics can somehow challenge the US’s basketball superiority is ridiculous. China aren’t one of the best teams in the tournament, but they are young and fast and have some intriguing players. And yet whatever promise China might have was lost in a flurry of long passes and dunks by the US players, who seemed almost to hold back rather than humiliate their vanquished opponent. Read the full report here: Ruthless Kevin Durant and USA crush China in Olympic basketball opener Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Topics USA women's basketball team Rio 2016 Olympic Games Basketball US sports Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › USA women's basketball team Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Google Outpaces Facebook on Getting India Connected to Internet Saritha Rai @SarithaRai More stories by Saritha Rai August 4, 2016 — 11:03 PM EDT August 4, 2016 — 11:03 PM EDT More than 2 million people are connected to web each month Facebook testing program for affordable mobile internet access Passengers use smartphones next to a charging station at a railway station in Mumbai. Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg When it comes to connecting India’s population to the internet, Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai is having better luck than his Facebook Inc. counterpart, Mark Zuckerberg. Google began offering free Wi-Fi at about two dozen train stations in the country earlier this year, and now has 2 million people using the service each month, Pichai said in a recent earnings call. Millions more will gain access as the service expands to 100 locations by the year end. The search provider’s goal is to reach 400 stations. Facebook had also sought last year to get people online by covering the cost for mobile users to connect to select websites and services on their phones. That effort, called Free Basics, was blocked in February by India’s telecom regulator. The ban was a setback for Zuckerberg, who had visited India to promote the program, which was designed for people who can’t afford expensive mobile-data charges. Google, Facebook and other providers of web services are all flocking to India to amass their next billion users and get them to adopt their products first. By targeting train stations and offering unfettered access, Google has been able to leap ahead. Both are seeking to maximize eyeballs for their revenue-generating ads in the country of 1.3 billion, according to C.S. Rao, chairman of QuadGen Wireless Solutions Inc., a wireless engineering services company which has more than 2,000 public Wi-Fi hotspots in the country. “Their popular apps are seen to have huge growth potential in a country with youthful demographics and good technology literacy,” Rao said. Facebook said it will keep looking for ways to deliver cheaper internet access. It is now testing a service, called Express Wi-Fi, that will let people buy affordable data packs via digital vouchers and access Wi-Fi networks. "The goal of these trials is to find an economically sustainable model for all stakeholders," Facebook said in a statement. Start your day with what’s moving markets. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your daily briefing on the most important business stories of the day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from the campaign trail. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Pursuits The coolest cars to drive, the latest gadgets to ogle, the hottest places to travel. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan Advice nobody tells you about getting ahead at work, school and life. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Technology Keeping you Fully Charged on the biggest news in venture capital, global technology and the future. You will now receive the Technology newsletter About a third of India’s population has internet access, with an estimated 462 million in June, according to a IAMAI report. The country ranked  131st out of 189 countries in broadband penetration, and has the lowest average connection speed in Asia, according to Akamai Technologies Inc. While Google isn’t targeting those using its Wi-Fi with advertising, it’s aiming to get more people online and betting that they will use the company’s services and see more ads. “Lack of internet access is a vast problem; the more people address the problem, the better it is,” said Gulzar Azad, head of access programs at Google India. Providers need to focus on delivering full internet access, he said. “If we don’t address it, a few generations of Indians will feel left behind.” There are also other initiatives aimed at getting people onto the web. Microsoft Corp. has a project called TV White Spaces, which seeks to provide low-cost broadband connections via unused TV spectrum. Google has sought permission to launch Project Loon, a network of floating balloons to provide internet services to remote and rural areas. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now No Evidence of Aloe Vera Found in the Aloe Vera at Wal-Mart, CVS How Apple Lost China to Two Unknown Local Smartphone Makers These Charts Show That Trump Is Bringing the 1990s Back to Markets Tesla Shock Means Global Gasoline Demand Has All But Peaked Siberian Snow Theory Points to an Early and Cold Winter in U.S. Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple How to transfer photos, videos, and more with Android Beam Julian Chokkattu Digital TrendsAugust 7, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Google may be good at a lot of things, but highlighting great features isn’t one of them. Take Now on Tap, for example. It’s a feature that was introduced in Android 6.0 Marshmallow that has gradually improved and become more powerful. The search giant doesn’t showcase this feature anywhere in Android, though — instead, you “discover” it when you press and hold the home button. Such being the case, most people still don’t know what it is. In a similar vein, we’re taking a look at a feature that has been baked into Google’s mobile operating system since 2011 via version 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich: Android Beam. Related: How to get the most out of Google Now What is Android Beam? Android Beam is a device-to-device data transfer tool that uses near-field communication (NFC) and Bluetooth to send photos, videos, contact information, links to webpages, navigation directions, YouTube URLs, and more from one device to another just by bumping them together. The feature was first introduced in 2011, but it was improved after Google acquired the once-popular Bump application. “Beaming” and NFC technology were hardly new at this point. Still, Apple only introduced a Wi-Fi and Bluetooth alternative called AirDrop in 2013 through iOS 7, and Samsung also unveiled S Beam, which uses NFC and Wi-Fi Direct, in 2012. NFC is also the technology powering contactless payment services such as Apple Pay and Android Pay. The benefit of using Android Beam is that it’s a quick and easy way to directly transfer data to another device, without having to upload it to cloud-based platforms such as Google Drive and Dropbox. The downside is that the device you’re beaming to needs to have a NFC sensor, and it needs to be right next to you. Google also uses this same technology in the set up process for all Android phones — Tap & Go. If you’re upgrading to a new smartphone and your old one has a NFC sensor, you can simply tap the two devices together during the set up process for the new phone to transfer all of your accounts and data. That way, you don’t need to manually set up the new phone from scratch. How to use Android Beam Setting up Android Beam is fairly easy. First, make sure your phone has an NFC sensor. The easiest way to do this, save from looking it up, is to head over to Settings > More. More should sit directly beneath Data Usage, but it’s location may differ based on your device. This should bring you to Wireless & Networks. Here, you should see a toggle for NFC. Some smartphones, like Google’s Nexus devices, should also have a short description and toggle for Android Beam. Related: Google Play Family Library lets you share purchased content with up to six people If you do not see NFC or Android Beam, chances are your phone may not have it. If you do see NFC, but don’t see Android Beam — don’t worry, it should still work. Typically, budget devices do not have NFC sensors, but almost all mid- to high-end Android smartphones do. how to use android beamMore how to use android beamMore Read More how to use android beamMore Again, both devices need NFC for this to work, so make sure the device you want to transfer data to has it as well. Since it uses NFC, Android Beam doesn’t require an internet connection, meaning you can transfer files and content offline. You can turn Bluetooth on as well, but it’s not necessary as the NFC communication will turn it on automatically, and disable it when the transfer is complete. Once NFC is on, you should see an N logo in the status bar signaling that you’re good to go. Next, you need to pull up the specific content that you want to share. You should note that some devices, like the HTC 10, do not support large file transfers via Beam. At that point, you’re better off trying to use Wi-Fi Direct via an app like Super Beam, or uploading the content to a cloud storage service like Google Drive and sharing it. Still, it doesn’t mean you can’t use Beam. First, open the file, photo, video, YouTube video, app, or whatever else it is you want to transfer. Place the two devices back to back, and make sure the screen is turned on for both of them. You should immediately feel a vibration, and you’ll see the words “Tap to Beam” appear on the device you’re sending the content from. If you do not see this, it may be because the NFC sensor is located in a different area. Android devices don’t always feature the NFC sensor in the same area, so you may have to move the back of both devices around until you feel the vibration. When you tap the screen to beam the content, you’ll see notifications on both devices — one saying that it’s sending content, and the other that it’s receiving. That’s it! Once the content is downloaded, you can open it up via the notification. The same works if you want to send content from another app, like a web URL  or, say, a YouTube video. Open the YouTube video you want to send, place both devices back-to-back, and tap the screen to beam the link. The other device should automatically open the YouTube app and the video should begin playing, though you may get a notification asking if you want to approve opening the link. If you do not have YouTube or the app the content is sent from installed, you’ll be taken to the Google Play Store to install it. And if you’re not quite following us, you can use step-by-step process outlined in the gallery above. It’s understandable that it’s hard for Google to market Android Beam, since there are so many variables that determine a successful outcome. Both devices have to have NFC, one device may not accept large file transfers, and the NFC tag may be placed in different locations, which requires people to rub their phones together until they find it. The latter can be a bit awkward. Still, it’s a handy and useful feature and it works offline. If you do have NFC and Android Beam on your device, we recommend keeping them on all the time, as the effect they have on your device’s battery life is negligible. That way, you’ll always be ready to quickly transfer something with a fellow Android user. Hands on with Android Nougat Developer Preview 5 Android N has no name (yet), but it does have VR, split window, and more Enlist in the Android Army: A beginner’s guide to Android Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Rio 2016 Women's Olympic road race: Rio 2016 – as it happened Dutch cyclist Anna van der Breggen beat Sweden’s Emma Johansson in a sprint to win gold with Lizzie Armitstead fifth, but the race was overshadowed by a serious crash involving then-leader Annemiek van Vleuten Updated Anna van der Breggen celebrates after winning the women’s road race. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Niall McVeigh Sunday 7 August 2016 15.33 EDT Last modified on Thursday 25 August 2016 14.32 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 3.07pm EDT 15:07 Anna van der Breggen wins gold in the women’s road race! 11.16am EDT 11:16 We're off! 4.03pm EDT 16:03 Race report 11.52am EDT 11:52 Vos: Armitstead "naive" for missing tests Live feed Show 4.03pm EDT 16:03 Race report Lizzie Armitstead looks despondent as she finishes the women’s road race. Photograph: Tom Jenkins for the Guardian Lizzie Armitstead falls short of medal as horror crash mars women’s road race Read more Updated at 8.15pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.28pm EDT 15:28 Good news: the Dutch cycling federation have tweeted that Van Vleuten ‘appears to be okay’ after her crash; she is conscious, and going to hospital for further checks. I’m going to wrap up this live blog now, but you can keep up with all the news from Rio with Jacob Steinberg: Rio Olympics 2016: Murray v Troicki, Nadal v Delbonis, gymnastics and more – live! Read more Congratulations to Anna van der Breggen, and thanks for joining me. Updated at 3.41pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.18pm EDT 15:18 Gold medal winner Anna van der Breggen has spoken, and her thoughts are clearly with team-mate Annemiek van Vleuten, who suffered a horrific crash on the descent: “I was pretty shocked, I think she crashed hard. I realised I was at the front of the team, so I had to chase. I did it for Annemiek. To see her like that, it’s a big shock.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.17pm EDT 15:17 Chris Boardman has appeared on the BBC, and is justifiably angry about conditions on the descent: “We knew that descent was so treacherous… I’m actually quite angry, because I looked at the road furniture and thought ‘nobody can crash here and just get up, it’s really bad’, and that’s what we’ve seen today.” Updated at 3.21pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.14pm EDT 15:14 Lizzie Armitstead finished 20 seconds behind van der Breggen, winning a mini-sprint to finish fifth. She’s just had a chat with the BBC. “I limited my losses on the climb, I knew I couldn’t keep up... I never gave up. I feel pretty exhausted, I can’t feel sorry for myself... she’s a deserving Olympic champion” Armitstead rather swerved questions on the recent controversy, but was gracious in defeat. Helen Pidd (@helenpidd) Lizzie Armitstead came in 5th, 20 seconds behind @AnnavdBreggen. Mara Abbott 4th, 4 seconds down. Vos was 9th, +1.14 pic.twitter.com/4ZCzbEJlV9 August 7, 2016 Updated at 3.42pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.07pm EDT 15:07 Anna van der Breggen wins gold in the women’s road race! Borghini stays on the front as Abbott is passed, before Van der Breggen launches an attack 500m out, overtaking the Italian on the outside with 200m to go, and holding off Johansson, who has to settle for her second Olympic silver medal. Anna van der Breggen crosses the finish line to win the gold medal. Photograph: Patrick Smith/Getty Images Updated at 8.23pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.06pm EDT 15:06 500m to go! The chasing trio catch an exhausted Abbott, and Borghini is at the front, but favourite Van der Breggen is about to make her move... Updated at 3.09pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.06pm EDT 15:06 1km to go! Van der Breggen, Borghini and Johansson are clawing back the advantage, just ten seconds now. Can Abbott hang on? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.03pm EDT 15:03 Mara Abbott finds herself in the same spot as Rafal Majka in the men’s race – battling exhaustion on this apparently endless run alongside the Copacabana. The gap is still 20 seconds, but the chasing trio can see Abbott along the road, and may now be battling for gold, rather than silver. 2km to go... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.02pm EDT 15:02 The other rider in Lizzie Armitstead’s group is Brazilian – Flavia Oliveira, drawing big cheers from the home crowd. It will take quite an effort for either to take a medal home now, with 3.5km to go. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.00pm EDT 15:00 The time gaps are jumping around a fair bit, but Abbott still leads the chasing trio by 20 seconds. Armitstead’s group haven’t been able to reel them in, with Van der Breggen, Johansson and Borghini upping the pace in search of a medal. Van Vleuten’s crash is casting a shadow over this finale; I’ll pass on any news as soon as I get it. Updated at 3.05pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.59pm EDT 14:59 Here’s more on Mara Abbott, who is just 6km from being crowned Olympic champion: Mara Abbott fighting anorexia and financial chasm as she chases third Giro Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.58pm EDT 14:58 Abbott leads by 30 seconds, with the chasing trio being drawn in by Lizzie Armitstead’s group, which also contains Niewiadoma and Switzerland’s Jolanda Neff. Armitstead is in the hunt for a medal here... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.55pm EDT 14:55 Abbott moves into the lead, with Van Vleuten still lying prone in the road. Really hope that she’s alright, it was a horrible crash. Abbott leads by 40 seconds, having come through the descent unscathed. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.53pm EDT 14:53 Van Vleuten has crashed! Taking on a slippery corner, the Dutch rider loses control and collides with a kerb, falling forward and off the side of the road. That looked really nasty. Updated at 2.55pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.50pm EDT 14:50 Van Vleuten has opened a lead of a few seconds as she negotiates a hairpin, with the trees clearing and Rio opening out in front of her. It does appear to be raining here, and Abbott has eased off considerably. The chasing trio – Van der Breggen, Johansson and Borghini – are on their way downhill, and Armitstead’s group appear to be closing the gap on them... Netherlands’ Annemiek Van Vleuten. Photograph: Bryn Lennon/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 7.32pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.48pm EDT 14:48 Van Vleuten tries to ratchet up the pace, but Abbott sticks to her wheel, and the leading pair are about to start this long, snaking descent down towards the Copacabana. Abbott isn’t a strong descender, but perhaps a naturally more conservative approach will pay off... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.46pm EDT 14:46 Van Vleuten and Abbott, both accomplished riders but not favourites even in their own teams, have a lead of 20 seconds or so, with the summit approaching. They’re followed by Van der Breggen, Johansson and Borghini, with Armitstead’s group further down the road. 15km and one hellish descent to go... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.43pm EDT 14:43 Van der Breggen and Borghini have been dropped, and Johansson has caught them to form a chasing trio, behind Van Vleuten and Abbott. There is still a fearsome descent to come, so this is very much up for grabs. It’s not over yet for Armitstead, in a group with Evelyn Stevens, Niewadoma and others, almost a minute down on the leaders. Updated at 3.22pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.39pm EDT 14:39 The time checks haven’t been entirely reliable today, but Armitstead is reportedly 50 seconds behind the leading quartet, who are enjoying the brief descent before the final ascent at Vista Chinesa. Sweden’s Emma Johansson, part of that leading group, is now on her own, but is gaining ground on the more gradual final climb. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.36pm EDT 14:36 Four riders have broken away, still led by the indefatigable Mara Abbott. Dutch team-mates Anna van der Breggen and Annemiek van Vleuten are there, as is Italy’s Elisa Longo Borghini, a strong sprinter and descender. Armitstead and Niewiadoma are working together to stay in touch, some 20 seconds down the hill. Updated at 2.37pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.33pm EDT 14:33 Abbott continues to lead the way as they negotiate the second part of this climb. Armitstead has fallen away from the main group of seven, but is locked on the wheel of Niewiadoma, a fine climber. So, it could be worse. Updated at 2.33pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.31pm EDT 14:31 Vos and Ferrand-Prevot are both finding things tough after their previous efforts, while at the front, Italy’s Tatiana Guderzo is at the head of an unruly clutch of riders trying to break away. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.29pm EDT 14:29 The charging peloton absorb that group of seven leaders, and there’s now a leading group of around 20 riders. The footage didn’t show us exactly how the chasing pack caught the leaders so quickly, but US rider Mara Abbott is setting a blistering pace up this climb. Armitstead is still in touch with this leading group – climbing is not her forte, so she’ll be hoping to hang on and regroup on the descent. The peleton rides past a fan holding the Brazilian flag. Photograph: Pavel Golovkin/AP Updated at 7.38pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.25pm EDT 14:25 The middle section of the final climb at Canoas is taking its toll on the leaders, and the pack. The gap is down to 20 seconds, with nobody willing to make a solo break, while the peloton has been trimmed to a group of around a dozen riders – with Lizzie Armitstead a little further back... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.24pm EDT 14:24 This final climb is a very different animal to the gradual gradient of Grota Funda – a series of steep, sharp ramps and sinewy descents that suit Vos nicely, but are causing problems for others. Vekemans is clinging on in front, while Armstrong, Garfoot, Pooley and Zabelinskaya have fallen away from the peloton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.21pm EDT 14:21 The leading group in full: Trixi Worrack (Germany), Pauline Ferrand-Prevot (France), Marianne Vos (Netherlands), Anisha Vekemans (Belgium), Elena Cecchini (Italy), Gracie Elvin (Australia) and Malgorzata Jasinska (Poland). They are tackling the steepest section of the climb, with the peloton now 50sec behind. Vos and Ferrand-Prevot doing most of the work at the front; expect an attack sooner rather than later. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.18pm EDT 14:18 The leading group of seven have reached the Joá climb, the first ramp of three in quick succession that make up the final ascent. Their lead is 1min 20sec, and the peloton may have run out of time to draw them in. Much will depend on how the leaders work together, but the gap is holding steady – bad news for Lizzie Armitstead, stuck in the main pack. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.14pm EDT 14:14 Barry Glendenning In other wind news, Team GB women cyclists have just fallen for the oldest trick in the book and missed a move on the flat, where a few riders took advantage of crosswinds to leave the bunch behind. Bad news for them, but good news for those of us tasked with writing 850-word sidebars about wind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.14pm EDT 14:14 Marianne Vos takes her turn at the front of the leading group, who are working together with greater fluency than the main group. They’re moving at 52km/h, the peloton at 48km/h. Vos could be set to win gold at her third straight Olympic Games – she won on the track in Beijing, and on the road in London. She’s also won world and European golds on the road and in cyclo-cross, and two world track titles. In short, more gold than Scrooge McDuck. Updated at 2.15pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.09pm EDT 14:09 We’ve seen very little of Lizzie Armitstead since that brief moment of drama early in the race – she is now visible to the left of the main pack, while Kristin Armstrong and Lotta Lepisto are upping the pace at the front. There’s still a lack of rhythm, individuals leading the way rather than rotating to maintain a pace – and the gap is heading out to one minute. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.07pm EDT 14:07 After a serene last 10km, the pack are being put under real pressure by this breakaway. Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, triple world champion, is in the leading group – but no riders from the USA, or indeed, Team GB – have made it across. The seven leaders are: Worrack, Ferrand-Prevot, Vos, Vekemans, Cecchini, Australia’s Gracie Elvin and Poland’s Malgorzata Jasinska. They lead by 40 seconds, as the peloton struggle to organise themselves. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.04pm EDT 14:04 It’s 3pm in Rio, but looks more like dusk as the weather turns gloomy. There’s mist in the air, and rain could fall on the final descent, which doesn’t bear thinking about. A group of six riders have joined Worrack, and have upped the pace significantly, opening up a 20-second lead. They include Marianne Vos, Anisha Vekemans and Italy’s Elena Cecchini. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.01pm EDT 14:01 The peloton squeeze into single file as the German team try to pick up the pace on the most exposed stretch of the run back to Rio, where the winds are still whipping across the road. They lack a pure climber and need to try and make something happen – and Worrack makes a move! There’s just under 40km to go, but only 15km or so until the race passes back over the first climb at Joà, immediately before the final 8.5km ascent, with an average gradient of 5.7%. Updated at 2.15pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.56pm EDT 13:56 All four German riders are at the front, with the three Australians still in the race right behind. All the major players are in this leading group of 30 or 40 riders, as they make their way past the Olympic golf course. Plenty of riders dropping back to team cars to pick up instructions. This could be a very casual roll up to the final climb and descent, which wreaked such havoc in yesterday’s race. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.49pm EDT 13:49 Just under 50km to go, with the next 20 a flat, straight run back east along the coast. The Canadian riders are at the front of the group, who are about to end Cordon’s doomed breakaway bid. The winds have dropped, increasing the chances that this race will be settled on the final, two-part climb at Vista Chinesa. Updated at 1.50pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.47pm EDT 13:47 Megan Guarnier is one name many have tipped to be among the medals, but the American has kept a low profile so far, staying at the back of the main group. She’s now been joined by two team-mates – Armstrong and Evelyn Stevens. Another chasing group forms, with seven riders grouping together in pursuit of Cordon, including team-mate Pauline Ferrand-Prevot – but indecision costs them again, and the group reel them in. Cordon still out in front, possibly not for long. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.44pm EDT 13:44 On the last few bends before a return to the coast, Cordon is out of sight of the pack, with a 10-second lead. Marianne Vos, defending Olympic champion, has dropped back to collect water bottles for her Dutch team-mates. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.41pm EDT 13:41 The peloton, trimmed down a little but still home to most of the race’s 68 starters, are easing down the descent, before the turn back towards central Rio. After taking that entire climb in neutral, the attacks begin as the road flattens out – France’s Audrey Cordon, who starred at La Course before a late crash, has carved out a five-second gap. Updated at 1.41pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.36pm EDT 13:36 An uneasy truce has broken out among the peloton, with the German and Dutch teams easing off the accelerators for the time being. Van Dijk and Vos still at the front, joined by Katarzyna Niewiadoma – the Polish rider is a legitimate contender for gold. It’s been a while since we saw a British rider near the front – Armitstead, Pooley and Harris are all tucked in near the middle of the bunch. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.31pm EDT 13:31 60km to go, and the bunch, give or take a few back markers, are back together for the second trip over the Grota Funda climb. It’s unlikely to stay that way, with the chance to break away before a pan-flat run back past the Olympic Park. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.27pm EDT 13:27 Plenty of pedigree in this leading group, but they have just 13 seconds on the peloton on a flattish stretch between this circuit’s two climbs. Plenty of ebb and flow to the race, but no decisive moves yet. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.24pm EDT 13:24 Just as the peloton had merged together, the tricky descent blows it apart again – there’s now around 20 riders leading the way, with Dutch riders van Dijk and Vos out in front. Armitstead is part of the main group, tucked in alongside her team-mates. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.21pm EDT 13:21 The chasing group are caught at the top of that 1.3km climb, but Van Dijk is still in place to lead them down a series of switchbacks on the descent. This is where that chasing group got started last time around; now there’s no leader further up the road. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.18pm EDT 13:18 Back on the steep, staccato Grumari climb, and Kopecky, suddenly feeling the pain, is caught by the leaders. Van Dijk tries to mount a counter charge, but the peloton are in hot pursuit... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.15pm EDT 13:15 Zabelinskaya, now at the front of the peloton, was only cleared to compete last Friday – her compatriot, Tour de France stage winner Ilnur Zakarin, didn’t have time to get to Rio for the men’s race after their successful appeal. The main pack, now thinned down to around 30 riders, is within sight of those up the road. Bad news for another Canadian rider – Tara Whitten has abandoned the race. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.12pm EDT 13:12 Counter attacks galore on the Grota Funda climb, while at the back of the pack, a clash of wheels forces Canada’s Karol-Ann Canuel off her bike. Kopecky has returned to the cobbled stretch on her second trip around this circuit, but now leads by just 30 seconds, with the peloton 30 seconds behind that chasing group. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.07pm EDT 13:07 Pooley has pulled away from the main bunch, followed by Australia’s Gracie Elvin and defending champion Marianne Vos. In one of those fractious moments typical of road cycling, Pooley asks one of her cohorts to take a turn in front, they all look at one another, and are swiftly swallowed up by the peloton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.01pm EDT 13:01 Katrin Garfoot was last seen trying to reach the chasing group, but fell back into the peloton – and we’re now hearing that the Australian has has had to abandon. The chasers have stabilised, finding a collective rhythm to sit one minute behind Kopecky, and one minute ahead of the peloton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.00pm EDT 13:00 Elsewhere in Rio, Serena Williams is on court, Fiji are beating Mexico at football, and Juan Martin Del Petro has just been freed from a lift. Follow all the action with Jacob Steinberg: Rio Olympics 2016: tennis, swimming, gymnastics, boxing and more – live! Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.56pm EDT 12:56 Despite the pedigree in that chasing group, they haven’t been able to close in on Kopecky – in fact, they are being caught by the pack on the way up this climb, thanks to a steely effort from Pooley, who has led the charge on climbs twice already today. Kopecky is now descending, still leading by 1min 20sec, but almost upended by a worker clearing the leaves off the road. More high farce narrowly avoided. Updated at 12.57pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.54pm EDT 12:54 Kopecky being reeled in by the chasing quintet of Van Dijk, Bronzini, Armstrong, Worrack and Plichta. The gap is down to around 1min 30sec, with Pooley now trying to drive the peloton forward, with the gap to the chasers just 20 seconds. We do now have some aerial shots, and they show the pack being stretched out at the foot of the next climb, the Grota Funda. Updated at 12.59pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.51pm EDT 12:51 Nick Honeywell has some issues with the TV coverage: “after watching Kopecky struggle up the climb I was interested to see how the peloton fared in comparison. But, nope. They cut to the chaser instead, and by the time they do cut to the peloton the climb is almost over.” There have been problems – we seem to be stuck with unreliable motorbike footage, with organisers claiming that helicopters are grounded. An excuse foiled by the fact you can hear helicopters in the background on the commentary. Updated at 12.53pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.48pm EDT 12:48 Armstrong has also bridged the gap, so Australia and Great Britain are the only major nations without anyone up the road – for Australia, Katrin Garfoot moves up the road. Team GB, with Pooley back in contention, are happy to sit tight. Teams without a rider among the leaders will inevitably have to work harder to close the gap, however. Updated at 12.51pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.47pm EDT 12:47 Worrack, the last rider to bridge the gap to that chasing group, had her kidney removed in March, following a crash which left her with serious injuries. It’s incredible that she’s even taking part. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.44pm EDT 12:44 The pack has been forced apart by that climb, with a few notable riders struggling to keep up – Emma Pooley, Lotta Lepisto and France’s Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who was among the pre-race favourites. Up the road, Van Dijk and Bronzini have been joined by Poland’s Anna Plichta and German Trixi Worrack, that quartet making a formidable chasing group. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.40pm EDT 12:40 Some heavy hitters making their presence felt at the front of the pack, with the Dutch and American teams stepping up the pace on the Grumari climb. Ellen van Dijk, who nearly stole La Course victory with a late break, has raced clear, chased by Italian rider Giorgina Bronzini. Kasper has given up the ghost, rejoining her German team-mates in the pack. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 The cobblestones marked the start of the Grumari circuit, a 25km loop taking in the short, steep Grumari climb, before a turn inland to tackle the more gradual Grota Funda ascent. Then they do it all again, before heading back down the coast. There are still 92km to go, with Kopecky’s lead slashed to 2min 30sec. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.33pm EDT 12:33 We are onto the cobbles now, the peloton making a hell of a racket as they rattle along this section. A couple of riders, including Australia’s Rachel Neylan, affected by chains coming loose – as we saw in the men’s race yesterday. Armitstead is nicely placed at the front of the pack, being guided through this tricky stretch by Harris. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Rio 2016 Cycling Olympic Games Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › Rio 2016 Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Community Shield Leicester City 1-2 Manchester United: Community Shield – as it happened Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored the winner as Manchester United kicked off the season by beating Leicester City 2-1 to win the Community Shield Read David Hytner’s on-the-whistle match report from Wembley Updated Zlatan Ibrahimovic celebrates after scoring the winning goal for Manchester United. Photograph: Tim Ireland/AP Nick Miller @NickMiller79 Sunday 7 August 2016 13.05 EDT Last modified on Sunday 7 August 2016 13.22 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 12.56pm EDT 12:56 Full-time: Leicester City 1-2 Manchester United 12.43pm EDT 12:43 GOAL! Leicester City 1-2 Manchester United (Ibrahimovic 83) 12.13pm EDT 12:13 GOAL! Leicester City 1-1 Manchester United (Vardy 52) 11.49am EDT 11:49 Half-time: Leicester City 0-1 Manchester United 11.34am EDT 11:34 GOAL! Leicester City 0-1 Manchester United (Lingard 32) 10.07am EDT 10:07 Team news 9.41am EDT 09:41 Preamble Live feed Show 1.21pm EDT 13:21 Read David Hytner’s match report from Wembley right here: Zlatan Ibrahimovic guides Manchester United to Community Shield win over Leicester Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.05pm EDT 13:05 And that’s yer lot. Leicester trudge up the steps for the most pointless medals in football, while United will lift that big plate shortly. Cheers for reading, we’ll see you soon. Wayne Rooney lifts the 2016 Community Shield Trophy. Photograph: Michael Regan/The FA via Getty Images Updated at 1.19pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.00pm EDT 13:00 And so, Manchester United set themselves up for a successful season by winning the Community Shield! Ben McAleer (@BenMcAleer1) pic.twitter.com/be2HxIqNTb August 7, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.58pm EDT 12:58 Entertaining full-time whistle there - Schmeichel was up in the United box again, and as the ball was cleared Ibrahimovic takes it clear and has a chance to score, but the referee blows up. There’s a brief moment of confusion before the United fans realise they’ve won. Bit weird, quite funny. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.56pm EDT 12:56 Full-time: Leicester City 1-2 Manchester United PEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP! United win the Community Shield! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.56pm EDT 12:56 90 mins + 5: Another colossal throw from Hernandez, it drops to Gray and Leicester claim his shot was charged down by an arm, but nothing doing there. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.55pm EDT 12:55 90 mins + 4: Schmeichel stays up for a long, long throw from Hernandez, which causes a degree of chaos in the box, but De Gea eventually claims. There’s a brief moment of disagreement between some of the United defenders and Schmeichel, but they’re all friends in the end. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.53pm EDT 12:53 90 mins + 3: Mata is the man going off for Mkhitaryan. Man, unless that’s an injury, Mourinho really hates Mata... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.53pm EDT 12:53 90 mins + 2: Corner, and Schmeichel’s up for it...but it sails over his head and Drinkwater’s shot is charged down. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.51pm EDT 12:51 90 mins: Four minutes added time. If he’s lucky, Henrikh Mkhitaryan might get a few minutes of running around. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.50pm EDT 12:50 89 mins: Another change for Leicester as they go for the equaliser - Leonardo Ulloa is on for Huth. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.50pm EDT 12:50 88 mins: Little hint of offside about the goal. Zlatan’s toe might have been off - which counts, obviously, but let’s let the lino off that one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.48pm EDT 12:48 87 mins: Another sub for United - Rooney is replaced by Morgan Schneiderlin. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.47pm EDT 12:47 85 mins: Chance wasted for Leicester. A corner finds its way out to Schlupp, who drives into the box on the left and crosses to the back post. There’s Mahrez, who perhaps could have shot first time but instead controls, then dithers, and the chance is gone, Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.44pm EDT 12:44 83 mins: He’s been quiet/ineffective for most of the game, but Ibrahimovic may well have scored the winner: Valencia gets down the right side of the box and clips a cross into the box, where Ibrahimovic gets above Morgan, directs a header back across goal and it just creeps inside the far post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.43pm EDT 12:43 GOAL! Leicester City 1-2 Manchester United (Ibrahimovic 83) And there he is. Ibrahimovic rises above Morgan to head in United’s second. Photograph: Glyn Kirk/AFP/Getty Images And celebrates. Photograph: Glyn Kirk/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 12.54pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.42pm EDT 12:42 81 mins: Yeesh, Musa goes close. A long throw into the box is flicked on by Huth and Musa, falling backwards on the edge of the six-yard box, back-heads the ball just over the bar. Possibly should have done better. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.41pm EDT 12:41 80 mins: Another sub - this time it’s Jeffrey Schlupp on for Fuchs. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.40pm EDT 12:40 79 mins: Corner from the right, and the ball finds its way to Rooney, who knocks it back to Ibrahimovic, but his shot is underhit and doesn’t threaten the goal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.39pm EDT 12:39 78 mins: A long ball down the right for United is chased by Valencia, the Leicester defence dithers rather but eventually Schmeichel races out and clears. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.38pm EDT 12:38 77 mins: Rashford is sparky straight away, and wins a corner which Rooney puts into the box. Bailly then zips around like a balloon that’s just been let go, loses his boot and barrels Gray over. Feisty stuff. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 75 mins: Ooof - Vardy goes in on Mata with two feet, for which he’s booked: he complains at length, but he might be a little lucky the punishment wasn’t even more severe. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 74 mins: Ibrahimovic tries a little flick over the top looking for Rooney, but doesn’t get it high enough. The Swedish ego hasn’t been especially effective so far. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.32pm EDT 12:32 71 mins: Bailly goes into the book, after shoving Vardy over fairly pointlessly - the Leicester striker was heading towards the touchline with not much support. The big silly. Drinkwater whips in the free-kick and it nearly eludes De Gea, but he manages to get there and make the save. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.30pm EDT 12:30 69 mins: Subs for United - Shaw gets a breather, and Marcos Rojo gets a go, while Marcus Rashford comes on for Martial. One of those arrivals is greeted with a little more enthusiasm from the stands than the other. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.29pm EDT 12:29 68 mins: Gray is R.A.P.I.D. He streaks through the middle at a ferocious pace, but just loses control of the ball as he approaches the area. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.28pm EDT 12:28 67 mins: Mendy and Fellaini clash, the former coming away with the ball. There’s a round of applause around the stadium for the England 1966 World Cup winners, some of whom are in the stands. Try to control your pedantry. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.25pm EDT 12:25 64 mins: Ibrahimovic tries a pass down the left channel for Rooney, but it was overhit and hugely optimistic about Rooney’s pace. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.23pm EDT 12:23 63 mins: And Juan Mata is on for Lingard. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.23pm EDT 12:23 62 mins: Couple of changes for Leicester now - Nampalys Mendy is on for King, while Luis Hernandez replaces Simpson, who’s been given a chasing for much of the game. Meanwhile Lingard has taken his boot off and sat down on the pitch. He’ll be going off shortly. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.22pm EDT 12:22 61 mins: Subs ahoy - United first, as Ander Herrera comes on for Carrick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.21pm EDT 12:21 60 mins: Fuchs is seemingly knocked over by Valencia, everyone half-stops on the assumption that a free-kick is imminent, but nothing doing. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.19pm EDT 12:19 58 mins: Ibrahimovic feeds Rooney on the right, who crosses from the corner of the area to the back post. Fellaini goes up with Simpson, by which I mean he climbs all over the right-back’s shoulders and is suitably penalised. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.17pm EDT 12:17 56 mins: Getting sparkier now. Leicester counter, and Gray tries a shot from outside the area, but it’s far too weak and De Gea gets the long barrier behind it and saves. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.17pm EDT 12:17 55 mins: King goes into the book for a foul on Lingard, for which he raked down the United man’s Achilles. He tries a nice variant on the ‘point at the ball to display I won it’ by picking up said ball and brandishing it in front of the ref. No dice. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.15pm EDT 12:15 54 mins: Rooney tries to get United back ahead with a shot from range and, hmmm, yes, well. We’ll just say it didn’t go in. Very didn’t go in. Massively didn’t go in. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.14pm EDT 12:14 52 mins: Oh boy, Fellaini. A fine run from Musa down the left and he stabs it infield, but Fellaini is there to collect it easily and poke it back to De Gea saf...oh, wait, no - he badly underhits the pass, Vardy nips in, takes it round the keeper and slips it home from a tight angle. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.13pm EDT 12:13 GOAL! Leicester City 1-1 Manchester United (Vardy 52) And from nothing they’re level! Vardy runs through to score the equaliser. Photograph: John Sibley/Reuters Taking the ball round De Gea before slotting home. Photograph: Adam Davy/PA And celebrates. Photograph: John Sibley/Reuters Updated at 12.24pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.12pm EDT 12:12 51 mins: Shaw misses a header and Mahrez picks up the ball, but then a combination of dithering from Vardy and Musa gives up the chance. Drinkwater then tries a slide-rule pass through the defence that isn’t slidey or ruley enough. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.10pm EDT 12:10 49 mins: More smart work from Martial down the left, but he cuts his cross back behind the onrushing attackers. Ibrahimovic lays it back to Rooney on the edge of the area, but he hesitates enough that he can’t take a first time shot, and then when he does try to control it bounces five yards away. That traffic bollard touch of Rooney’s again. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.09pm EDT 12:09 48 mins: Musa tries to break through the middle and is stopped by a fine Bailly tackle. Aside from one premature lunge in the first-half, United’s new centre-back has looked pretty impressive so far. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.07pm EDT 12:07 46 mins: And we’re away. Drinkwater tries a ball down the line but his pass is overhit. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.05pm EDT 12:05 Couple of changes at half-time - Demarai Gray is coming on for Leicester, as is new man Ahmed Musa. Okazaki and Albrighton are the ones coming off. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.51am EDT 11:51 United probably deserve the lead, although Leicester did have a pretty good spell of possession in the middle of the half there. Vardy’s had a few moments of danger and Okazaki went close twice in the space of a minute or so. But United have clearly been more threatening, particularly down the left where Martial continues to me a terror. Simpson is...having a bad afternoon. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.49am EDT 11:49 Half-time: Leicester City 0-1 Manchester United Peeeeeeeeeeeeeep. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.48am EDT 11:48 45 mins: Albrighton bawls out the linesman for not giving him a corner, Mourinho screams at his players to ‘PRESS THE BALL’. Calm down guys, where’s your sense of charit...erm, community? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.47am EDT 11:47 44 mins: Mahrez has been quiet. He cuts in from the left and is eased away from the ball by Shaw, then Rooney - deep again - is there to nick the ball off his toes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.45am EDT 11:45 42 mins: Quiet spell. Albrighton tries to flick a header to Vardy but it doesn’t get there. At what point in this game do the players stop trying? They probably should do at some point... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.42am EDT 11:42 39 mins: And the inevitable happens. Simpson goes into the book for the most blatant block on Rooney as the United skipper knocks it past him. When you’re not confident about beating Rooney in a foot race... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.41am EDT 11:41 38 mins: Simpson is getting a chasing so far, largely from Martial. He then drags Ibrahimovic to the ground. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.40am EDT 11:40 37 mins: Corner for Leicester, which is swung to the near post for King, who gets up for the header and sticks it comfortably wide. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.39am EDT 11:39 36 mins: Some good pace from United. Shaw bombs forward from left-back and tries a cross, that is blocked, but the intent is encouraging from their perspective. One of their great problems has been a lack of speed, so if Shaw carries on like that they’ll be golden. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.37am EDT 11:37 34 mins: Schmeichel was thoroughly displeased with how his team defended that Lingard run, and you can’t blame him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.35am EDT 11:35 32 mins: Smashing goal from Jesse Lingard, picking up the ball in midfield and streaking through the heart of the Leicester defence. He beats one man, then sneaks past Morgan who committed too early to a strong challenge, then guides it into the net via a slight touch from Schmeichel. Terrific work. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.34am EDT 11:34 GOAL! Leicester City 0-1 Manchester United (Lingard 32) Against the run of play, that... Lingard scores the opener. Photograph: Andrew Couldridge/Reuters And celebrates. Photograph: Ian Kington/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 11.40am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.33am EDT 11:33 30 mins: As Leicester have more of the ball, Rooney has dropped deeper and deeper. He tries to create something in the middle but leaves the ball behind. Wayne, you’re not a midfielder anymore... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Community Shield Leicester City Manchester United Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Community Shield Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Small Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News National Environment Health Education Photo Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street John Birmingham Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Startup Growing Managing More Work In Progress The Venture Franchising Trends More The Big Idea Entrepreneur Marketing Finance Tech Resources Experts More Ask Our Experts Tax Time Home Business Small Biz Startup August 7 2016 Save Print License article Airbnb for wedding venues: unique idea blossoms into WedShed The options for wedding venues haven't changed much for decades. Will Wedshed change this? Larissa Ham Show comments facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More When you're trying to help a friend find a beautiful, original venue to tie the knot in, where do you turn? It was a question on the minds of Sydney friends Amy Parfett and Melany McBride a few years ago. Living in London at the time, a mate back home had asked them to help in her wedding search – so naturally, they turned to Google.   Waldara, a part time wedding venue. Photo: Tim Williams However rather than bringing up a wealth of unique venue options, Google simply left them scratching their heads. "We were boggled that it wasn't the case," says Amy Parfett. Melany McBride and Amy Parfett started WedShed together. Photo: Scott Surplice "The same traditional, function-style weddings kept popping up." Staying in Airbnbs around Europe during their travels, Parfett says their friend's dilemma remained in their minds, and eventually triggered an idea. Advertisement "The concept of renting out private property for personal space or events was becoming less and less foreign; we couldn't believe no one was doing the same in the wedding space," says Parfett. "We sat on the idea for a couple of years until it felt really urgent." So in March 2015, after six months working on their new venture part-time, they launched WedShed. The long-time friends, both 29, describe their site as a "bit like Airbnb, but for wedding venues". Casa Ciana in NSW set up for celebrations.  Photo: Figtree Wedding Photography The site now has about 150 diverse listings – everything from airplane hangars, to boats, whiskey distilleries, woolsheds and a former prison. The venue owners pay an annual fee to WedShed and handle all inquiries directly. "There's a good percentage of people that are completely new to hosting weddings," says Parfett. "They've just realised they've got space on the farm or a workshop that's only used a few weeks a year. "It's as hands-on or as hands-off as they want." Kayla Atkins, 24, and her sister Melissa, 22, run one of the venues listed on WedShed, after inheriting a farm in Bathurst from their grandparents about five years ago. The 70-hectare farm BoxGrove, about 2.5 hours west of Sydney, had already long been offering farm stay accommodation. But the entrepreneurial sisters set up a hairdressing and beauty salon on the site, and are now building a purpose-built barn to host luxurious farm weddings. "In Bathurst there's a real shortage of wedding venues," says Kayla. "We're only 10 minutes from town, but it feels like you're in the middle of nowhere." BoxGrove is still a working farm, with Angus cattle, sheep and lucerne hay. But come September, gowns will be just as much a feature at the farm as gumboots. Melissa will be the first to tie the knot in the new barn, followed by another 26 wedding bookings. Kayla says about 75 per cent of their bookings have come through WedShed. They also plan to list on sites such as Equally Wed. Meanwhile, Parfett and McBride have also been walking the talk. Parfett arrived in a ute to her wedding in a hayshed in Mudgee last year, and McBride exchanged vows with her new husband on a Kangaroo Valley farm last New Year's Eve. Parfett says discovering new venues reminds them both of their big days. "It's torture – we just want to get married again and again." The response to their site has been huge, with traffic to the site growing about 30 per cent a month. "We've had different farmers that have told us that weddings have now overtaken their form of farming as the main revenue," says Parfett. "It has had a flow-on effect on a lot of small businesses around them as well." About 200 vendors, including hairdressers, caterers, florists and celebrants, are also listed on the site. The average Australian wedding costs about $36,000, according to the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Parfett says the cost of their venues can range from public halls in the hundreds of dollars up to about $10,000. "There's definitely the potential of saving money, or at least putting your money into things that are more important to you for the day." Whatever the venue, Parfett says WedShed is targeting not "bridezillas'', but "the more relaxed kind of bridechilla". Like many businesses, their own wallets have suffered in their early years, as they reinvest back into the business. Before they launched, the two "lady wives" took on the management of running weddings at a farm in Kangaroo Valley, NSW, allowing them to learn about the challenges of hosting weddings. It also enabled them to bootstrap their start-up. Parfett says the wedding industry is ripe for disruption, with many new ideas creeping in during the past five years. "I think there's definitely room for people to get into this space and do some more creative and interesting stuff." Next up for WedShed is New Zealand, where they plan to launch in about three months. Follow MySmallBusiness on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. Advertisement 0 comments Log in to comment New User? Sign up You are logged in as unknown Logout 300 words Close comment form Write your comment here Screen name (required) Location (optional) I understand that submission of this content is covered by the Conditions of Use by which I am bound and Commenting Guidelines are available for my reference. Close Thank you Your comment has been submitted for approval. Please note that comments are moderated and are generally published if they are on-topic and not abusive. Sort comments by Oldest Newest Advertisement HuffPost Australia Australia Can't Afford A Gap Between ... Contains: External link Being Savvy About Money Is The New Cool Contains: External link Most Popular Three tips to fire up your brain Ten worst office dress offences Insurance startup moves to UK market Follow My Small Business Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Small Business Three tips to fire up your brain One thing you can start today to help your business Insurance startup moves to UK market Best way to minimise the income tax payable on your sale Disability doesn't mean entrepreneurial inability WA Today Claims that Jamie Murphy was 'set up' with white powder in Bali dealt a blow Ben Cousins under police guard in hospital after minor car crash Call it what it is: Western Australia is heading for a recession Is the mysterious English-speaking girl on the streets of Rome from WA? Incredible dashcam footage of two Perth cars running a red light The Sydney Morning Herald Claims that Jamie Murphy was 'set up' with white powder in Bali dealt a blow Aussie teen released as white powder test is 'negative': Bali police chief University of Sydney beats Oxford, Cambridge in new global rankings The Age AFL's Scott twins mourning unexpected family tragedy Claims that Jamie Murphy was 'set up' with white powder in Bali dealt a blow 'Our hearts all sunk': Year 12 student dies in storm asthma disaster Lifting the grade: tough new standards for Victorian teachers Feeling okay? That could be because you're in the Sydney-Melbourne bubble Brisbane Times 'Screams got louder' as box was pushed into Logan dam: court Claims that Jamie Murphy was 'set up' with white powder in Bali dealt a blow Man dead, another critically injured after 'horrific' stabbing 'Serious errors': Qld government staff stood down upon review into tot's death Woman who had sex with dog 'should not own pets' Canberra Times Man dies after falling from QT Hotel in Canberra How a bike ride turned to tragedy for a Canberra dad Claims that Jamie Murphy was 'set up' with white powder in Bali dealt a blow Home owners in limbo as Fyshwick builder collapses 'Untrue': Public service boss rages against union after historic no vote WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2016Fairfax Media Website Feedback
null
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 7 °C Wednesday 23 November, 2016 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Opinion Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags family aoosm Apps Beta browsers First look modes PCs smartphone Testing See other tags Tags Sunday 7 Aug, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/2907510 Want to try out new phone features before anyone else? Sign up for beta testing Once you’re aware of the obvious risks with such an approach, it’s useful in trying out features in advance. Aug 7th 2016, 11:00 AM 11,796 Views 2 Comments Share5 Tweet Email EVERYONE WANTS THE latest features to arrive now, but while many are announced in advance, you can end up waiting a while before they finally arrive. But if you wanted to skip the waiting or just get a taste of new or potential features, you can sign up for beta testing. For Android devices, you can try out the beta version of apps pretty easily but if you wanted to go a step further, you can even try out the beta versions for the software that runs your smartphone and PC. Developers release them this way so they can identify and get rid of any bugs or flaws. While the purpose is for users to provide feedback, you can still just install it and use it for your own purposes. Upcoming apps Risk: Low as they’re brand new apps. If you own an Android device, you can look out for apps that are currently in beta testing mode. When you visit the Google Play store, you can find the Early Access section on the home page (scroll the bubble menu right to left). Popular apps Risk: Low/medium. You will likely come across bugs but reverting to the normal version is pretty straightforward. For the more popular apps like Snapchat, Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Google, and Facebook Messenger, it’s easy to sign up now. If you visit their page on Google Play, you can scroll down to the bottom of the page where you will see an opt-in option. Tapping it will ensure the next update will be the beta version. Browser Risk: Low as you can have both official and beta version installed separately. All of the major browsers have beta versions you can download alongside the official (stable) version. You can download the beta version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Opera directly from their sites. The exception is Microsoft Edge which is only available via the Windows Insider programme. Operating systems Risk: High as you’re replacing stable software. The chances of you encountering annoying or disruptive bugs is high, especially if you have an older device. If you wanted to go a little further, you can sign up to beta programmes for major software offerings like iOS, Android, macOS, Windows 10 and Chrome OS. While signing up to them mean you get to test out features in advance of their release, the drawback to this is there will be bugs (hence the beta tag) so if things go wrong, your device can become unstable. It’s strongly recommend you back up important files first before you proceed with this. And in certain cases like iOS and Android, the official release of iOS 10 and Nougat will arrive in September so you don’t have long to wait anyway. iOS and macOS: To start, you need to sign up to Apple’s beta software programme which requires your Apple ID and password. Once that’s done, you need to follow the instructions and download the necessary files on the relevant device. On Mac, you can install it directly, but on iPhone, you need to go into Settings > General > Software Update to install it. Source: Apple Windows 10: You can sign up through the Windows Insider programme which requires you to sign in with your Microsoft account. Once you download the media creation tool for it and follow the instructions. Chrome OS: Go into Settings > About > More Info… > Change Channel and you will see three options: Stable, Beta and Developer – unstable. Android: To do this, you need to sign up for the Android Beta website and sign in with your Google account. Only a small number of devices are eligible for it but it will tell you anyway. Source: Google Read: The iPhone gets one last ‘important security update’ before iOS 10 launch > Read: Your phone’s battery life is being used to track you online > Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Quinton O'Reilly @qoreilly quinton@thejournal.ie See more articles by Quinton O'Reilly Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/beta-testing-apps-software-2907510-Aug2016/?embedpost=2907510&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/beta-testing-apps-software-2907510-Aug2016/?embedpost=2907510&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/beta-testing-apps-software-2907510-Aug2016/?embedpost=2907510&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Want to try out new phone features before anyone else? Sign up for beta testing”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Want to try out new phone features before anyone else? Sign up for beta testing”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (2 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions The Central Bank Governor on why deposit limits are 'not targets but ceilings' Philip Lane Governor Philip Lane explains why the Central Bank wants to make things easier for first-time buyers. Opinion: 'Rural Ireland is not dead. It’s on the verge of great things.' David Minton We are a country renowned for our innovation and problem solving. Let’s fix Rural Ireland, writes David Minton. President Higgins: "We must share vigilance of not letting anti-Semitism spread again" Michael D. Higgins World Jewish Conference delegates hear Higgins address concerns over ‘walls’ and ‘fear’ challenging the world. Most Popular Today 1 Temperatures to fall as low as -4 tonight as cold snap settles in 47,647  40 2 First time buyers no longer need 20% deposit on properties 41,762  78 3 Enough cyanide 'to wipe out Roscommon' lay in farmer's shed for 45 years 39,433  46 1 A Dublin energy startup is taking its 'Google Nest killer' thermostat stateside 314  0 2 The single most important thing you can do to negotiate better deals 115  0 3 The Central Bank is relaxing its mortgage rules for first-time buyers 83  0 1 New Zealand's Fekitoa banned but Cane escapes further punishment 36,212  60 2 Leicester march into Champions League last 16, Spurs crash out 21,673  12 3 Ex-Liverpool and England player Paul Stewart goes public with sexual abuse ordeal 21,645  18 1 12 cosy and comforting things to watch on Netflix right now 7,827  9 2 24 daring deeds guaranteed to make you feel like a total rebel 5,186  3 3 What to watch on TV tonight: Tuesday 5,174  0 Trending Tags PLANNING Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans Developer wins case over rejected planning for €75 million south county Dublin development PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing COURTS Jurors at Sean FitzPatrick trial told they'll be needed until well into next year Son of deceased billionaire businessman kept a loaded gun over his bed Schoolgirl receives €35,000 after her face was cut at a Leisureplex GARDAí Temperatures to fall as low as -4 tonight as cold snap settles in Man forced stepdaughter to wear dog collar as he carried out abuse, court hears Woman charged over fatal stabbing says she acted in self-defence DUBLIN Flights to and from Dublin cancelled after Lufthansa pilots strike Snapchat mates and baby-making: Douglas' Dublin links are strong Wax Museum set to close its doors in less than two weeks FRANCE Man finds €3.5 million worth of gold in house he inherited New Zealand's Fekitoa banned but Cane escapes further punishment Two Qatari women robbed of valuables worth €5 million in Paris motorway heist ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2016 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Want to try out new phone features before anyone else? Sign up for beta testing Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Championship Queens Park Rangers 3-0 Leeds United: Championship – as it happened A very impressive performance from Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink’s QPR saw them beat a largely anonymous Leeds 3-0 at Loftus Road. Updated Queens Park Rangers celebrate taking an early lead against Leeds United. Photograph: Robbie Stephenson/JMP/REX/Shutterstock Nick Miller @NickMiller79 Sunday 7 August 2016 08.56 EDT Last modified on Sunday 7 August 2016 08.57 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 8.52am EDT 08:52 Full-time: QPR 3-0 Leeds 8.51am EDT 08:51 GOAL! QPR 3-0 Leeds (Polter 90 mins +4) 8.29am EDT 08:29 GOAL! QPR 2-0 Leeds (Chery 73) 8.29am EDT 08:29 PENALTY TO QPR! 7.46am EDT 07:46 Half-time: QPR 1-0 Leeds 7.04am EDT 07:04 GOAL! QPR 1-0 Leeds (Onouha 4) 6.09am EDT 06:09 Team news Live feed Show 8.56am EDT 08:56 And that’s your lot from this one. The Championship season is underway, the sun is shining, the Leeds fans are unhappy with their club. Everything in its right place. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.54am EDT 08:54 Very impressive that from QPR, even if Leeds were a complete non-entity, a few brief flashes aside. Chery, Polter, Luongo and Shodipo all excellent, and they kick off the season in fine style. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.52am EDT 08:52 Full-time: QPR 3-0 Leeds Peeeeeeeeeeeeeep. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.52am EDT 08:52 90 mins + 4: Battering ram stuff from Polter. A long diagonal into the Leeds box is not dealt with properly by Coyle, Polter bullies him off the ball then absolutely leathers a shot into the top corner from a tight angle. Woofety woof. Coyle shouts at his colleagues, seemingly under the impression that was someone else’s fault. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.51am EDT 08:51 GOAL! QPR 3-0 Leeds (Polter 90 mins +4) Woof. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.50am EDT 08:50 90 mins + 3: Coyle does well down the right and clips a cross to the back stick, which Antonsson controls and shoots left-footed, but hits it over. A chant of ‘Massimo, time to go’ starts up from the away end. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.48am EDT 08:48 90mins + 2: This Sacko lad looks sparky - he speeds down the right, puts in a nice cross from the byline and there are some handball claims against Luongo, but nothing doing there. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.47am EDT 08:47 90 mins: Polter harasses Bartley into conceding a late corner, from the QPR left. That’s wasted, but there are four minutes of added time to come. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.44am EDT 08:44 88 mins: An appearance money change for QPR, as James Perch replaces Chery with two minutes remaining. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.44am EDT 08:44 87 mins: Sacko smacks a nice finishing into the net from the edge of the area, which would have been much better had he not fairly blatantly controlled the ball with his arm. Not sure why he wasn’t booked for that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.42am EDT 08:42 85 mins: Chery tries to, erm, well, but a cherry on top by opening up his body and trying to curl a left-footed shot into the top corner, but it’s too close to Green who makes an easy save. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.40am EDT 08:40 82 mins: Huge chance for Antonsson - he springs the offside trap and is put clean through on goal, Smithies seems to come out too far and gives Antonsson the option of either dinking it over or going round him, but he elects for a placed shot, which he places wide of the post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.38am EDT 08:38 81 mins: A long ball down the field is chased down at pace by Polter, who charges towards Green, but the keeper just calmly takes a step to one side, the ball coming with him, and clears back from whence it came. Almost makes up for the flapping for the goal, that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.37am EDT 08:37 80 mins: Sacko seems to have at least injected a little urgency into Leeds: he wins the ball and drives down the right, then slips a delicate pass into Antonsson’s path, but his attempted swept shot it deflected behind for a corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.36am EDT 08:36 78 mins: No. Messing. Sky Sports EFL (@SkySportsEFL) WATCH: That is clinical. Time for QPR to dream this season? Chery converts from the penalty spot. More on SS1 now. https://t.co/znfSmuxgEO August 7, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.34am EDT 08:34 77 mins: Imagine how you’d feel if you disappointed Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink in any way. Strikes you as the sort who wouldn’t shout, just sadly shake his head. And that would be so much worse. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.31am EDT 08:31 75 mins: Sub for Leeds - Hadi Sacko comes on for Roofe, who has been quiet on day-boo. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.31am EDT 08:31 74 mins: That should be that. Leeds have been better after the break, but they haven’t turned this improvement into goals or ever really many proper chances. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.29am EDT 08:29 GOAL! QPR 2-0 Leeds (Chery 73) Left-footed, low, into the corner, no messing. Chery celebrates scoring from the penalty spot. Photograph: Javier Garcia/BPI/REX/Shutterstock Updated at 8.40am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.29am EDT 08:29 PENALTY TO QPR! 72 mins: Well, perhaps Cousins won that one, but he was clumsily barged into by Vieira and the referee points to the spot. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.26am EDT 08:26 69 mins: El-Khayati is in amongst it straight away, but tries a shot when there were passes on from the left of the box. The ball breaks for Chery with a slightly better angle, and his effort is beaten away by Green at the near post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.25am EDT 08:25 68 mins: Change for QPR - Shodipo (quiet in the second half after an excellent first) is replaced by Nasser El-Khayati. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.24am EDT 08:24 67 mins: Leeds try to work a short corner but their efforts are rendered nought after Dallas commits a stupid foul. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.22am EDT 08:22 64 mins: Onouha goes in heavily on Taylor, but nothing doing from the officials there. He’s back up in rapid order, mind. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.20am EDT 08:20 63 mins: Chery cuts in from the right and tries a left-footed shot, which looks to be sizzling goalwards but it takes a deflection and loops over. Corner ball. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.17am EDT 08:17 61 mins: Sub for Leeds - Grimes is off, and new signing Marcus Antonsson comes on, probably to play up top with Wood. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.17am EDT 08:17 60 mins: Leeds have definitely been better since the break, although that wasn’t saying a great deal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.16am EDT 08:16 59 mins: Roofe finally gets some sort of decent involvement by dispossessing Onouha and driving towards the QPR area, but he has few options and his left-footed shot from just inside the area is blocked by a sliding Hall. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.14am EDT 08:14 57 mins: Grimes goes into the book for a sort of high challenge on Shodipo, although he didn’t really make much contact and the QPR man made no protest. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.13am EDT 08:13 56 mins: Change for QPR - Gladwin, who had been walking a fine line with some of his fouls - is replaced by Jordan Cousins, the summer signing from Charlton and a splendid young midfielder. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.12am EDT 08:12 55 mins: Coyle cuts in from the right but his shot is deflected behind for a corner. That cross is put to the back post, it drifts towards the other flank where Bamba fouls Polter, pointlessly. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.10am EDT 08:10 54 mins: ...but if his aim was to disrupt that wall, he fails, as Wood shoots straight into it. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.10am EDT 08:10 53 mins: Another free-kick for Leeds as Gladwin takes out Vieira, this time more to the left - Grimes and Wood have their beady ones on this one. The referee takes a moment to tell off Bartley, who tries to get in and around the wall, Clive. Gladwin takes out Vieira. Photograph: Robbie Stephenson/JMP/REX/Shutterstock Updated at 8.34am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.08am EDT 08:08 51 mins: Hall pumps a long ball towards the Leeds goal and breath is held as Green comes out to take the catch...but take it he does, with an uncharacteristic lack of fuss. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.06am EDT 08:06 49 mins: Grimes hits it with plenty of swerve and dip, but just not enough of either and it drops just over the bar. The Leeds fans behind the goal give some very vocal ‘encouragement’ to former Huddersfield keeper Smithies as he takes the goal kick. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.05am EDT 08:05 48 mins: Free-kick for Leeds about 30 yards out, to the right of centre, which Grimes and Dallas are lining up.... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.03am EDT 08:03 46 mins: Leeds knock the ball around for a bit...and then give it away carelessly. Not the greatest start. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.02am EDT 08:02 And we’re back. Leeds are on the pitch, which is a start. Let’s see if they can do anything more advanced than that. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.48am EDT 07:48 So QPR lead thanks to that shambles of an early goal, but they fully deserve to be ahead. Leeds have been a complete non-entity, with nothing from Dallas or Roofe out wide. Alex Mowatt is on the bench, so he might provide a bit of invention. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.46am EDT 07:46 Half-time: QPR 1-0 Leeds Peeeeeeeeeeeeeep. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.45am EDT 07:45 45 mins: One minute of added time. Leeds gently, gently, gently creeping back into it. A bit. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.44am EDT 07:44 43 mins: Taylor slings over a cross looking for Wood in the middle, he misses it but so does Bidwell and it makes its way through to Dallas, who leans back and smacks his shot over the bar. It was miles over, but that was their best moment of the half by quite some distance. Dallas shoots, but puts the ball over the bar. Photograph: Robbie Stephenson/JMP/REX/Shutterstock Updated at 8.31am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.41am EDT 07:41 40 mins: Shodipo chases Coyle down the left and charges down a clearance. Early days, but this kid (only just 19) looks bloody mustard. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.40am EDT 07:40 39 mins: At this point Leeds only being 1-0 down at the break would be a result for them. Wood tries to feed Roofe - the debutant who has been anonymous so far - but nothing doing so far. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Championship QPR Leeds United Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Championship Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
Monday, August 22, 2016  |  Dhu Al Qida 19, 1437 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism Improvements in technology mean that people do not to be office-based to carry out their work. Nicole Hill / The National Knowing when to shut down from work and live your life Jessica Hill August 7, 2016 Updated: August 22, 2016 04:31 PM Related ‘Googliness’ is all about family UAE employee gets lieu day if asked to work on Friday Off hours: Chairman of The Club, Abu Dhabi takes pride in his leisure Off hours: Yas Waterworld general manager enjoying the long ride What it is really like to work at Google Do you find yourself sending emails over dinner, or fielding calls from the boss while on holiday? With the rise of technology, work and home life is merging. But for those managing family and a career, does working from home make maintaining a work-life balance easier or does it simply mean more work? "Technology is a double-edged sword", says Ravi Singh, the chief executive of Bluefin Consultancy, which he established to create smarter business models that promote a more engaged working culture. "Integration of work and life through the medium of technology may be a misconception. On one hand you have access to information, and on the other you cannot escape accountability." The French government has concluded that its citizens’ work-life balance need to be protected. France’s new El Khomri law, which governs labour rights and conditions, dictates that employers put in place procedures to keep work from encroaching on employees’ personal time. According to Article 25 of the law, "the development of information and communication technologies, if badly managed or regulated, can have an impact on the health of workers. Among them, the burden of work and the informational overburden, the blurring of the borders between private life and professional life, are risks associated with the usage of digital technology". Some companies are paving the way in limiting digital overload. Daimler says employees are free to delete all the mes­sages they receive while on holiday, and Volkswagen shuts down email servers after hours. Even digital companies realise technology needs to be restricted. Google’s Dublin office has a programme called "Google Goes Dark", with employees leaving their devices at the front desk before they head home. According to their gDNA study, an anonymous long-term survey of 4,000 Google employees, there are two main approaches to work-life balance: the segmentors, and the integrators. Segmentors, who made up 31 per cent, can draw a line between work stress and the rest of their lives, allowing them to not think about work when they’re at home. The remaining 69 per cent, the integrators, cannot. "For integrators, work looms constantly in the background," says Laszlo Bock, Google’s head of people operations. "They not only find themselves checking email all evening, but pressing refresh on Gmail again and again to see if new work has come in." But others in the tech world see advantages for employees in bringing work home with them – especially for women. Meera Kaul was one of the first female tech entrepreneurs in the UAE, and now owns or has invested in 35 companies worldwide. Five years ago, she set up the non-profit Meera Kaul Foundation to empower women in the workplace. "Technology en­ables women to work from home and to work flexibility", says Ms Kaul, who lives in Dubai. According to research by Grant Thornton in 2015, although 76 per cent of women in the UAE have university degrees, only 34 per cent are working. "The biggest threat that we have as women today is economic marginalisation," says Ms Kaul. "About eight years into the job, when women have kids, they drop out and many of them never come back. "In many parts of the world, the decision about your career is made by family, and then after you get married, it’s made by the husbands. Technology can narrow the gap and involve more women in the workforce, even when they’re not allowed to go out." Tamsin Anderson, from the UK, combines her job as editor of Yalla, a family guide to Abu Dhabi, with the responsibilities of being a mum-of-three. "The technology gives the illusion that I’m always there when someone calls or emails me, be it sat in a car park or even at home," says Ms Anderson. "My location is irrelevant. I can arrange my day around the needs of my children, including school pickup, drop-offs and crucial sports matches." But Ms Anderson admits there is a rub. "Technology may be liberating, but it can also be very invasive. It’s absolutely vital to know when to close the lid down or turn the ringer off so that I can absolutely concentrate on my family’s needs outside of school hours. And truthfully, most people respect that. It is only our desire to know what is going on that gets in the way." PepsiCo is a company that has offered flexible working options for several years, according to PepsiCo Asia Middle East Africa’s chief human resources officer Umran Beba, who is based in Dubai. "Women need it more, given the issues they face of mater­nity, childcare and parents’ care. What we see actually is that if you take the pressure out of the mind of a woman, they can be more productive. If in the morning you have to attend a play at your kid’s school, you can finish your work after that. Maybe it will be a little bit late. But in today’s world, you go home, have dinner with the kids, then when they sleep, you continue doing work from home." business@thenational.ae Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related ‘Googliness’ is all about family UAE employee gets lieu day if asked to work on Friday Off hours: Chairman of The Club, Abu Dhabi takes pride in his leisure Off hours: Yas Waterworld general manager enjoying the long ride More The Life Can Dubai property owner terminate deal with real estate agency for not fulfilling duties? Workplace Doctor: Doing less can help you achieve more #UAEinnovators: American incubator 1776 nurtures Dubai start-ups Podcast company Gimlet Media’s story to be a new TV series MOST VIEWED Business | All UAE megaprojects 2016 – in pictures BlackBerry Dtek60 review: Phone maker returns to the fray Dubai property prices to rise in 2017, but how quickly? Martin Gilbert tells why Aberdeen chose ADGM: ‘I like to be among the first into a new place’ Gulf aluminium producers cut costs amid glut and US protectionism concerns Drake & Scull to cull civil contracting and Indian businesses Pakistan airline mulls Boeing 777X and Airbus A350 jetliners order An economist explains the pros and cons of a single currency Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No, it’s Icon’s flying sports boat! More Most Viewed Dh2.1 billion Abu Dhabi-Dubai motorway to open by year’s end Man who posted photo of Dubai policeman on Instagram is jailed for two years Police officers prove easy winners at Abu Dhabi Dash Two Qatari women robbed on Paris motorway in €5m heist: police Boardwalk at The Palm Jumeirah opens to public GCC has more questions than answers over Trump’s approach to region Mental health in the UAE: Khalid Al Ameri on why it’s good to talk about your problems UAE National Day and Commemoration Day holidays for public and private sector White Friday: Six saving tips for the mega online shopping sale More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Why increasing Abu Dhabi utility bills makes sense UAE megaprojects 2016 – in pictures President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed meets President of Seychelles Emirates staff try the Mannequin Challenge with an Airbus A380 – video About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Political Cartoons Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor About Us Judge denies Muslim women's request to drop trespassing claim in Urth Caffe lawsuit Santa Ana doctor disciplined for third time, restricted from prescribing narcotics President Obama's clemency helps Anaheim man get out of prison early Anaheim council looks poised for shift as Brandman concedes to Moreno Rams experimenting with players in different spots Lakers' Nick Young makes game-winner to secure 111-109 win over Thunder Ducks fall to Islanders in longest shootout in franchise history Vin Scully, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar among 21 to receive Presidential Medal of Freedom Guide to holiday hours, parking tips and more Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller Crisis at shipping companies could impact local ports 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring 'Rules Don't Apply' is a frantic mess 'Santa' cynical in all the wrong ways WWII thriller 'Allied' is grand entertainment Top news Opinion Google Fiber to lay cable, and competition, in Irvine Aug. 7, 2016 Updated 12:00 a.m. By ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER EDITORIAL Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF It’s official, Google Fiber is coming to Irvine. “Google announced Tuesday that it has teamed up with Irvine Co. to bring the gigabit network to apartment, commercial and retail properties in Irvine,” the Register reported. “The two companies are deciding which properties will receive the service, said Pete Albers, Google Fiber’s head of real estate partnerships.” According to the Register, Google intends to make use of the Irvine Co.’s forward thinking. The company has “been installing empty conduit between and in its properties since the mid-1980s, so the master planner could one day deliver future technology” that will allow for a quicker deployment of the service, which “offers broadband speeds up to 1 gigabit, or 1,000 megabits, per second. That means downloading a movie in seconds, rather than minutes (or longer),” the Register wrote. It would also be about 67 times the average U.S. internet connection speed of around 15 megabits, according to Akamai Technologies. But while the Irvine Co.’s eye to the future will most directly benefit Irvine residents, residents across the county are also likely to benefit, as everywhere Google has gone, better service and competitive pricing has followed. “Existing ISPs have the capability to bring high speeds to the entire country at an affordable price, but they lack incentives for improving their existing networks, especially in cities where they face little competition,” Darrell M. West, the founding director of the Center for Technology Innovation at the Brookings Institute, recently wrote. And the competition has responded. As Roger Entner, an analyst with Recon Analytics LLC, recently told Bloomberg, “Any time Google is doing three, AT&T is doing 30 cities.” But, “Markets that Google enters enjoy a $20-a-month drop in prices, on average,” he noted. And this may all be to plan. “Many analysts say that Google aims to invest just enough into fiber to encourage more traditional providers to build out their own networks,” Brian Fung, technology reporter at the Washington Post, recently wrote. “Then, when consumers subscribe to the better service and take heavier advantage of Google services, Google’s core business benefits. In that respect, Google isn’t so much going toe-to-toe with AT&T as nudging it to expand.” Whatever Google’s motivation, its position as a technological disruptor is further proof of the innovative and consumer-friendy nature of competition. WRITE A LETTER TO THE EDITOR Letters to the Editor: E-mail to letters@ocregister.com. Please provide your name, city and telephone number (telephone numbers will not be published). Letters of about 200 words or videos of 30-seconds each will be given preference. Letters will be edited for length, grammar and clarity. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Police officer, wife die in possible murder-suicide in Long Beach Teen injured by flying debris on 57 freeway is a 'tough young man' Gas station employee stabbed in Anaheim, two suspects in custody Congressman Issa declares re-election win in 49th district Lakers' Nick Young makes game-winner to secure 111-109 win over Thunder User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Judge denies Muslim women's request to drop trespassing claim in Urth Caffe lawsuit Santa Ana doctor disciplined for third time, restricted from prescribing narcotics President Obama's clemency helps Anaheim man get out of prison early Anaheim council looks poised for shift as Brandman concedes to Moreno Rams experimenting with players in different spots Lakers' Nick Young makes game-winner to secure 111-109 win over Thunder Ducks fall to Islanders in longest shootout in franchise history Vin Scully, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar among 21 to receive Presidential Medal of Freedom Guide to holiday hours, parking tips and more Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller Crisis at shipping companies could impact local ports 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring 'Rules Don't Apply' is a frantic mess 'Santa' cynical in all the wrong ways WWII thriller 'Allied' is grand entertainment Top news Education » Tustin teachers get 3 percent raise; third straight year for increases Fullerton woman named a Rhodes Scholar for Class of 2017 Trump's election creates anxiety around the world, UCI experts say BUSINESS » Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller Crisis at shipping companies could impact local ports O.C. Watchdog » Court criticizes O.C. District Attorney's Office, keeps it off case of Seal Beach mass killing O.C. grand jury gets 2 lawyers to help investigate jailhouse informant misuse Sheriff wants to keep jailhouse informant notes secret Health Care » Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. ENTERTAINMENT » 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring 'Rules Don't Apply' is a frantic mess 'Santa' cynical in all the wrong ways Food » 16 best food, drinks to try at Disney California Adventure's new Festival of Holidays Popular Little Saigon restaurant, Brodard, to relocate to Fountain Valley Retail-restaurant roundup: 2 new eateries at Pacific City; Wholesome Choice in Laguna Niguel closes, Weekend Max Mara debuts at South Coast Plaza TELEVISION » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia CARTOONS » Cartoons: Protest art SLIDESHOW & VIDEO » How skaters rehearse for the Christmas ice show at Knott's Berry Farm MANNERS GUIDE » How to be on your best bahavior during the holidays FANTASTIC BEASTS » Focus: Where to find interesting beasts in Southern California CALIFORNIA GEOGRAPHY » Focus: Test your knowledge of California geography CARTOONS » Cartoons: Electoral College Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Artificial intelligence (AI) The Observer Seven ways that AI could be A-OK As artificial intelligence increases its influence on our lives, the talk is of job losses, self-driving car crashes, algorithms running amok. But there is an upside… AIPA? The IntelligentX boffins ponder the computer’s latest beer recipe. Photograph: weare10x.com Luke Dormehl Sunday 7 August 2016 01.59 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Brewing you the perfect pint AI might be shaking up life as we know it, but like any good party guest, it’s about bringing the beers. That’s according to the work of London-based company IntelligentX, which is using artificial intelligence to brew the perfect pint. What makes IntelligentX’s beers smart is the speed at which the firm is able to respond to the changing tastes of customers – on a batch-by-batch basis. The company currently brews four beers: golden, pale, amber and black. On each bottle of AI beer there’s a code, directing customers towards its website, where they can offer their feedback by answering questions. Based on this feedback, a type of goal-driven AI called “reinforcement learning” works out what it needs to do to get better outcomes in the future, meaning changing the recipe to earn better scores from customers. It even has a bank of wild-card ingredients to draw on so the whole thing doesn’t become too predictable. In the 12 months since IntelligentX’s four beers began to be trialled, the recipes involved have evolved 11 times. Right now, the beers are mainly being sampled at startup events in east London, but could soon be coming to a pub near you. Facebook Twitter Pinterest A scene from Sunspring, a film written by AI. Writing the next blockbuster movie From Stanley Kubrick’s 2001: A Space Odyssey to last year’s Ex Machina (with Steven Spielberg’s AI somewhere in between) there have been plenty of films about artificial intelligence. But what about AI actually writing the films themselves? A growing number of researchers and companies seem to think this is the way to go. A UK startup called Epagogix has advised some of the biggest studios in Hollywood, helping them predict how much money movies are likely to make at the box office. While that’s not exactly creative, the company goes further than that, having its neural network make creative suggestions about ways the movie’s potential yield could be increased. Epagogix isn’t alone. Sunspring, a film made for this year’s Sci-Fi London film festival, used a neural network trained on screenplays such as Ghostbusters, Interstellar and The Fifth Element to generate a new script. It included the notable direction: “He is standing in the stars and sitting on the floor.” A similar project, carried out by a Scottish comic book artist Andy Herd, fed a neural net with every episode of the 1990s sitcom Friends and asked it to create new scripts. Herd later admitted said it would need further modification, after a disproportionate number of episodes ended with the cast in bed together. Facebook Twitter Pinterest An image created by Deep Dream. Painting a masterpiece In June last year, Google unveiled its Deep Dream project. Having at their digital fingertips the largest archive of photographs in human history, Google researchers decided to see what would happen if they let computers create rather than simply classify images. The idea is that, having seen enough examples of a chair to recognise and label one appropriately when shown it in a photo, Google’s computers should be able to create new chair pictures based on their sum total knowledge of “chair-ness”. But Google found that, since pictures of barbells were frequently in the same photos as muscular weightlifters’ arms, Deep Dream assumed the limbs were part of them when it came to creating its own. Still, it would be hard to argue that the effects created by Deep Dream, which also looks for patterns within existing photos and uses this to kickstart its flights of AI fancy, aren’t memorable. You can have a go yourself at seeing how AI will transform pictures of yourself, by using an app such as Dreamscope, which allows users to upload images and then apply different AI filters to them. Facebook Twitter Pinterest The robotic equivalent of Ronaldo lines up a free kick at a RoboCup football competition. Photograph: Rex Being tomorrow’s sport stars Despite the fact that many AI researchers veer closer to the “geek” than the “jock” end of the spectrum, that doesn’t mean that the important factors in what makes someone proficient at sport aren’t of interest to those in artificial intelligence. Topics such as co-ordination, agility and evaluation of the available legal moves in a constantly shifting game are at the core of AI and robotics research. This year, the so-called RoboCup tournament held its 20th competition in Leipzig, with teams of humanoid robots playing against one another in AI football matches. The eventual goal? By 2050, to have a team of such robots capable of beating a world-champion football team according to Fifa rules. It may sound crazy, but so did the idea of building a computer capable of beating chess champion Garry Kasparov once upon a time. In the near future, if you want to get involved in AI-based sport, you could look up Cambridge-based company PiBorg, which is gearing up to host Formula Pi, the world’s first autonomous toy car race series. Open to anyone who wants to enter, the Formula 1-inspired contest gives participants a Raspberry Pi-powered vehicle and asks them to write the code to make it zoom around the track. There are also notes, seminars and basic code to get novices started. In short, AI and sport goes a lot further than just the new series of Robot Wars. Facebook Twitter Pinterest An evolutionary antenna made by AI for Nasa. Photograph: Nasa Designing the perfect satellite component An evolutionary algorithm is a way of imitating the power of natural selection inside a computer, with AI attempting to solve problems by coming up with solutions and then pitting these solutions against others in a sort of knockout tournament. Increasingly, these tools are now used for design, such as the creation of components for Nasa satellites. “With a [satellite] antenna, for instance, you might tell the algorithm that you want a solution that will fit in a 10cm by 10cm box, be capable of radiating a spherical or hemispherical pattern and be able to operate at a certain Wi-Fi band,” says former Nasa and Google engineer Jason Lohn. “You provide all the constraints and, based on them, the algorithm then optimises a solution.” Such solutions can even appear baffling to the smartest human engineers, such as when Lohn’s AI-designed satellite antenna came out looking like a bent paperclip. However, when he tried it, he found that it worked better than any solution he’d ever seen. “It works and, as engineers, what we ultimately care about is getting things to work.” Other designers, such as the Italian Celestino Soddu, have used evolutionary algorithms for taking a stab at what a baroque cathedral would look like if it was a living thing allowed to evolve over many generations. Facebook Twitter Pinterest A food truck serving recipes dreamed up by IBM’s Watson supercomputer. Cooking you a weird meal Do you fancy substituting your regular Sunday lunch for an Indian turmeric paella, Turkish‑Korean caesar salad or Cuban lobster bouillabaisse? If these sound like recipes no human chef would ever come up with, you’d be right. They’re created by IBM’s supercomputer Watson, the bot perhaps best remembered for beating top-ranked human participants at the US TV gameshow Jeopardy! a few years ago. “We started by getting Watson to analyse around 9,000 recipes,” says Rob High of IBM. “From that, the system was able to learn the different types and styles of recipe. It learned the difference between a salad and a sandwich or a quiche and a pasta dish. It also learned the difference between Vietnamese cooking and south-western [American] styles or French and Chinese cooking. It figured out which flavours come out most prominently within all those types of dishes.” Watson can also analyse the chemical compounds that control taste and use these to generate novel pairings of food. Like any celebrity chef worth their salt, Watson even has its own recipe book: Cognitive Cooking with Chef Watson. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Juliette Pochin, who performed a ‘duet’ with a quantum computer earlier this year. Photograph: Tristan Fewings/Getty Images Writing a symphony There is a scene in the 2004 movie I, Robot in which Will Smith’s character talks about computational creativity. “Can a robot write a symphony?” he asks, using it as an example of why machines and humans will always have fundamental differences. Had Smith’s character waited until July 2012, he would have got an answer, since that was when the London Symphony Orchestra took to the stage to perform an AI-generated composition entitled Transits – Into an Abyss, which was hailed as “artistic and delightful” by one reviewer. In July this year, researchers at Plymouth University presented a 15-minute piece in which Welsh mezzo-soprano Juliette Pochin sang with a quantum computer. “The singer’s pitch and loudness and various notes by the composer are sent to two algorithms on the quantum computer every three seconds,” says creator Alexis Kirke. “Items returned include suggested harmonies. What this shows is that quantum AI isn’t just about super-speed algorithms for image recognition and molecular development, but also to provide creative opportunities for composers and artists.” Thinking Machines by Luke Dormehl is published in paperback by WH Allen (£14.99). Click here to order a copy for £12.29 More features Topics Artificial intelligence (AI) Consciousness Computing Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Artificial intelligence (AI) Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › opinion home election 2016 US world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Uber Opinion Why Uber has been taken for a ride in China John Naughton Uber’s capitulation to its Chinese rival last week should temper the wishful thinking of Brexit cheerleaders A closed sign at Uber in Hong Kong last year takes on new significance in China this month. Photograph: Tyrone Siu/Reuters Sunday 7 August 2016 01.59 EDT Last modified on Thursday 13 October 2016 16.04 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close The big news last week was that Uber, the California-based ride-hailing company, threw in the towel in China. It announced that its Chinese rival, Didi Chuxing, would acquire all of the assets of UberChina – including its brand, business operations and data. In return, Uber gets a stake in Didi Chuxing worth £5.3bn. Why is this significant? How long have you got? In the first place it confirms that the plans for world domination cherished by all the US-based tech giants come to a juddering halt when they reach the Chinese border. China is already the world’s biggest internet market, and it’s set to get much bigger in the next decade, so Apple, Google, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft saw it as the logical next territory for conquest. Three of them – Google, Amazon and Microsoft – have already had to withdraw, licking their wounds. (Facebook never really got started.) Apple is still in there because of its iPhone (a prized fashion accessory among middle-class Chinese) but it’s now run into trouble with the granting of a weird intellectual-property case against the iPhone 6, and has been forced to shut down its iBooks and iTunes Movies stores. You could say that, given that Google and Facebook are in the information business and the Chinese government is determined to censor the internet, they were always likely to have a bumpy ride. Accordingly, the Chinese have Baidu instead of Google, and WeChat instead of Facebook. But Amazon has made no headway in China either, and the field has been left open to Alibaba. We’ll just have to see whether Apple can weather the storm and reverse the recent decline in its Chinese sales. You will recall that China was seen by Brexiters as one of the exciting trading partners for a liberated UK… If you were the betting type, however, you’d have said that if any western company were going to crack China, it would have been Uber. It has oodles of money, already operates in over 500 cities worldwide, and is led by a fiercely aggressive CEO, Travis Kalanick, who from the outset designated capture of the Chinese ride-hailing market as a key strategic goal for his company. In pursuit of that goal, he spent much of the last two years in the country and avoided most of the mistakes that naive western outfits make when they arrive in China. So if Kalanick has decided that the game isn’t worth the candle, then it’s time for the rest of us to ponder the implications of that conclusion. In doing so we may usefully learn from Google’s experience of trying to do business in China. As US journalist Steven Levy puts it in his summary, “Google found that even after a company agrees to go along with China’s censorship and data demands, regulation doesn’t stop. Put simply, China likes locals to succeed over foreign companies, and will act accordingly. Google was in direct competition with a local company, Baidu, which seemed to copy Google’s business plan and even its interface. China had an interest in seeing its home town search engine win, and turned out to be less than scrupulous in playing the role as a neutral arbiter.” Official harassment, writes Levy, “seemed less to do with regulations and more like harassment. The sanctions appeared directly tied to how well Google was doing in the marketplace. Google executives believed that Chinese officials had drawn a line in the sand – that when Google market share approached 30%, suddenly bad things would happen.” Chinese officials 'create 488m bogus social media posts a year' Read more But, hang on – isn’t China a member of the World Trade Organisation, members of which have signed up to all kinds of rules about free markets, and no government interference in trade? Quite so. Yet here’s what the American WTO representative says in his latest report to Congress on China’s compliance with these obligations: “Many of the problems that arise in the US-China trade and investment relationship can be traced to the Chinese government’s interventionist policies and practices and the large role of state-owned enterprises and other national champions in China’s economy, which continue to generate significant trade distortions that inevitably give rise to trade frictions.” All of which has a sudden contemporary relevance for Theresa May & co. You will recall that China was seen by Brexiters as one of the exciting trading partners for a liberated UK, and that WTO rules would ensure a level playing field for plucky British entrepreneurs as they ventured into the Middle Kingdom. For these fantasists, the Uber surrender has a simple message: dream on. More features Topics Uber Internet China Google Amazon.com More… E-commerce WTO Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion selected sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Opinion › Uber Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
Home Subscribe (free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media Info Advertising Info Tweet Articles Blogs Labs Science Reference Reports Videos Radio Infographics Music Cartoons Library RSS Store Search Powered by GoodGopher.com POLITICO editor calls for baseball bat mob attack CNN's HATE banner: Jews are not real people! Wikipedia exposed as junk science propaganda platform for Big Pharma Sunday, August 07, 2016 by: Sarah Landers Tags: Wikipedia, propaganda, paid editors (NaturalNews) According to Bolen Report, Wikipedia is not a website we should be trusting when it comes to unbiased, accurate information. Wikipedia is an example of "skeptic" leadership – with the "skeptics" actually being an organized hate group that claim to be the sole protectors of intellectual truth. "Skeptics" are in favor of vaccines, mammograms, pharmaceuticals and over-the-counter medication – and opponents of nutritional supplements, herbal medicine, massage therapy, energy medicine and homeopathy, as reported by Natural News. According to research by Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, "skeptics" believe that all vaccines are safe and effective – even those that have never been tested – and that all people should be vaccinated – even against their will. "Skeptics" also believe that that people of all ages can be safely given an unlimited number of drugs, including antidepressants, blood pressure drugs, diabetes drugs, sleeping drugs and pretty much everything else – all at the same time, as we have previously reported. WikipediaWikipedia is available in almost every language, and is presented as a seemingly friendly and reliable source of information. However, on closer inspection, the popular information site is full of errors, biased information and omissions – particularly around the subjects of health, environmental safety and agricultural sustainability. Wikipedia is pretty much run by the "skeptics." One of the main reasons that people are fooled into believing that Wikipedia is posting the truth, is the fact that it has a very high authority level in the Google search engine. This is surprising, since Google equates its ranking system with credibility, with more credible sources ranking more highly. Should Wikipedia really be appearing high on Google searches when the site can be altered by critics, liars and computer hacks? Wikipedia claims to be run by volunteers, but it is actually edited by corporate-paid trolls – particularly on topics such as GMOs, vaccines, chemotherapy and pharmaceuticals. Many of the "volunteers" are actually paid by drug companies, food giants and the biotech industry to censor information that they would rather the public did not know, as reported by Celebrity Reputation. Founder and ex-porn film giant Jimmy Wales is a key operator of the "Hillary Clinton Protection Network," according to Celebrity Reputation, meaning that he goes to great lengths to alter or remove any negative information posted about Hilary Clinton. It is noteworthy that, "despite the steady wave of scandals that have begun to erode even the New York Times' portrayal of Hillary Clinton, her image remains unblemished on Wikipedia. Since he first started editing her page in June 2005, Hillary's 'Wikipedia watchdog' has been guarding against slanders, accusations, unfair assumptions, and distortions on the high-traffic, heavily footnoted, highly policed Hillary Rodham Clinton Wikipedia page." Combating this dishonest and unreliable information sourceWikipedia ranks highly on Google and that is a problem – because it means that it is one of the first links people will see when they are searching for information. However, Bolen Report suggests that there is in fact a way to take this dishonest website down. Wales will not reveal who contributes the real money behind Wikipedia – this is "hidden behind his U.S. Non-Profit (501) tax filing (form 990) Schedule B." If a lawsuit was filed against Wikipedia that forced open that Schedule B file, it "would make it very clear that Wikipedia is NOT what it says it is," according to Bolen Report. By U.S. law, a non-profit organization is not supposed to benefit any one individual; it is required to be "a corporation or an association that conducts business for the benefit of the general public without shareholders and without a profit motive." As noted by Bolen Report, "Wikimedia argues overall, though, that it is protected from liability by the Communications Decency Act (CDA), whose section 230 protects a publisher from liability for things said by other people on its electronic services until it is made aware of the comments. At that point it must take action or risk becoming liable." Bolen Report plans to take action against the media giant and bring the truth out into the public eye. Sources include: BolenReport.com CelebrityReputation.com NaturalNews.com TruthWiki.org Save during our biggest sale of the year. 48 hours only! Plus get free shipping on all orders (within the Contiguous US). Sale Begins 11/25 at 12am CST. Click here to shop now! Search on GoodGopher.com GoodGopher.com is the new search engine for truth seekers. Follow real-time breaking news headlines on Wikipedia at FETCH.news The world of independent media, all in one place. Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Wikipedia 10 shocking facts you never knew about Wikipedia and Jimmy Wales More disturbing details emerge over Wikipedia co-founder Jimmy Wales and his porn network history Extreme bias at Wikipedia on homeopathic medicine Why does Google promote Wikipedia's blackmail operation while censoring the truth from independent media sites? Sign the petition to add a warning label to Wikipedia warning users of corporate bias and censorship 'Science skeptics' use guerilla warfare tactics and racketeering behavior to infiltrate Wikipedia and spread corporate propaganda Before Jimmy Wales launched Wikipedia to smear alternative medicine, he ran a sleazy porn network Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/054902_Wikipedia_propaganda_paid_editors.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/054902_Wikipedia_propaganda_paid_editors.html">Wikipedia exposed as junk science propaganda platform for Big Pharma</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year The REAL FAKE NEWS exposed: '97% of scientists agree on climate change' is an engineered hoax... here's what the media never told you Trump is playing everyone: Of course he's going to prosecute Hillary Clinton... he's just posturing to prevent an Obama pardon Top signs your body is burdened with toxins, and what you can do about it Aspartame now being marketed as natural sweetener, name changed to 'AminoSweet' RED ALERT: The Fukushima-Daiichi water cooling system has FAILED, warns NHK news... 2,544 fuel rods stored there... claims 'no immediate danger' Customers as young as 10 damaged by 'Roundup' weed-killer now suing Monsanto Six dangerous prescription drugs you should think twice before taking Fukushima earthquake strikes Japan... 7.3 mag... tsunami warning, evacuation order issued... citizens ordered to consider 'worst case scenario' Canadian government orders residents to get rid of their old wood-burning stoves or pay thousands of dollars in fines Egg warning: Multistate salmonella outbreak linked to shell eggs Do you know about these vaccine scandals throughout history? EMF exposure is causing insomnia, depression, anxiety, illness and memory loss Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way 291 oil spills were hidden from North Dakota residents - in less than two years! Massive science fraud at Theranos exposed by whistleblower who was viciously threated to stay silent FAKE NEWS: All the networks that reported 'You can keep your doctor' or blamed the DNC email hack on the Russians were knowingly spewing fake news Ten surprising facts you didn't know about Donald Trump and the Health Ranger: Marrying immigrants, fighting for truth and expressing deep compassion for fellow human beings Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label Ten mind-blowing, historic events you will likely witness in the next 100 days Trump Supporters launch Ten surprising facts you didn't know about Donald Trump and the Health Ranger: Marrying immigrants, fighting for truth and expressing deep compassion for fellow human beings The REAL FAKE NEWS exposed: '97% of scientists agree on climate change' is an engineered hoax... here's what the media never told you Over 30,000 scientists say 'Catastrophic Man-Made Global Warming' is a complete hoax and science lie Natural News announces economic boycott of CNN corporate sponsors, including GEICO, WellsFargo, Sprint, Dodge and ETrade GoodGopher.com rapidly rising as the independent search engine for REAL news... all sites penalized by Google are welcomed to get indexed What causes cancer? The five vectors of chemical assault on your health Donald Trump's 7-point healthcare plan Top signs your body is burdened with toxins, and what you can do about it Attention vaccine fanatics: your 'shedders' should stay home from school for 2 weeks after every LIVE virus inoculation Studies on radiation from smart meters show that electromagnetic frequencies disrupt and damage the nervous system Woman dies of sepsis after getting flu shot; CDC claims it as flu death, urges public to get vaccinated FDA-approved drug turns ordinary people into obedient zombies... saps all free will... allows people to be programmed by the media or government... sold as transdermal patch Merrimack College, where liberal professor named list of 'fake news' websites, found to have been DENIED accreditation, warn students... 'Please don't come to this hell hole...' Six dangerous prescription drugs you should think twice before taking While the nation was watching the election, the EPA just approved another toxic herbicide for Monsanto Homeopathic medicine - The do's and don'ts CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label Why flu shots are the greatest medical fraud in history 10 Urgent preparedness items you'll need when Trump wins the election next Tuesday THE END GAME closes in on the Clintons as the deep state turns... massive collection of criminally damning evidence about to be revealed that will bring down the Clinton crime family forever MUTINY AT THE FBI: Comey warned by his own agents to indict Clinton or watch the FBI's reputation go down in flames George Soros on tape: Trump will win popular vote in 'landslide,' but Hillary Clinton's electoral victory is already 'a done deal' Ten mind-blowing, historic events you will likely witness in the next 100 days The FBI is going to bring down the DOJ... and America will cheer the agency's heroes as the Clinton crime regime is finally toppled Erik Prince: Hillary emails show everything from pay-for-play to pedophilia, NYPD ready to make arrests TRIGGER WARNING: Why precious college snowflakes will eliminate themselves from the human gene pool at the next natural selection event BREAKING: Racketeering indictment of Hillary Clinton now 'likely' as FOIA for Datto backup device reveals FBI possesses ALL the incriminating emails Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto Dementia now striking people in their 40s as mercury from vaccines causes slow, degenerative brain damage After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn't cause brain deformities after all The defeated left turns to HATE: Liberals unleash beatings, death threats and calls for mass murder of Trump supporters Trump Supporters launch Surgeons admit that mammography is outdated and harmful to women ANALYSIS: Chipotle is a victim of corporate sabotage... biotech industry food terrorists are planting e.coli in retaliation for restaurant's anti-GMO menu Canadian government orders residents to get rid of their old wood-burning stoves or pay thousands of dollars in fines Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes San Bernardino shooting has all the signs of a staged government operation or ISIS terror attack (from what we know so far) Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health 10 health benefits of cucumbers Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Popular on Facebook 61K EVERYTHING IS RIGGED: Medicine, science, elections, the media, money, education, search engines, social media... you are living in a fabricated fairy tale 46K Whole Foods goes ROGUE... partners with Monsanto to kill GMO labeling across America and replace with fake labeling deception... SENATE VOTE PLANNED AS EARLY AS TOMORROW 40K All-out effort to destroy Trump PROVES he's not part of the establishment... NOT an insider... 'Trump' movement has grown way beyond one man's actions or words 38K 10 shocking reasons why Zika virus fear is another fraudulent medical hoax and vaccine industry funding scam 36K Electoral victory for Hillary already LOCKED IN via massive bribery... George Soros admits on video... democracy be damned... THEFT of the presidency already complete 35K 56 examples of outrageously foul, lewd language spewed by Bill and Hillary Clinton over the last three decades 35K Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election 31K CDC forced to reveal documents proving Thimerosal vaccine preservative causes autism 27K The defeat of Hillary Clinton just dealt a devastating blow to Monsanto, Big Pharma and the corrupt vaccine industry 26K Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way 23K Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson just sold out to Big Pharma... says children should be forcibly injected with mercury at gunpoint... claims government 'science' overrides medical freedom 23K VOTERS WARNED: You've already lost America... this election is about taking it back in the last non-violent way possible: At the voting booth 20K Hillary the CHEAT! Clinton caught wearing covert earpiece during last night's debate with Trump... brazen dishonesty on display yet again 20K Facebook goes full ORWELLIAN... now blocking all stories mentioning the keyword phrase 'm-nd-t-ry v-cc-n-t--ns' 19K Staged Zika pandemic was engineered by globalist governments to justify the aerial bombardment of awakening populations with toxic chemicals 18K Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 17K TRUMP MIRACLE... DEPLORABLES TAKE BACK AMERICA... LEFTISTS TOTAL FREAK OUT 17K After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn't cause brain deformities after all NaturalNews.com Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Clove (Syzygium aromaticum), A common Food Spice that offers A Long List of Traditional Uses (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Mother Nature vs. Patented Drugsone of these was never meant to cure you. Do you know the difference? (Blogs.naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago An egg a day reduces your risk of stroke by 12% (Newstarget.com) Cities in Florida Plan to Block Medical Marijuana Legalization (Newstarget.com) The only immunity given with vaccines is to the manufacturers from paying for damages (Newstarget.com) Egg warning: Multistate salmonella outbreak linked to shell eggs (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Radio New Zealand Skip to content Menu Home News New Zealand World Politics Pacific Te Ao Māori Sport Business Country Comment & Analysis Kaikōura Earthquake Weather Radio National Concert International Programmes Presenters Latest Audio Series & Podcasts Topics Music Science Life & Society Current Affairs Arts & Culture Movies Plays & Stories Media & Technology Sport Comment & Analysis Business & Economy Politics Te Ao Māori Country Pacific Books Food & Recipes Nature & Environment Collections Search Listen Live Nothing playing RNZ National Morning Report Monday to Friday National live stream RNZ Concert Classic Morning Concert live stream RNZ International World & Pacific News International live stream More ways to listen Playlist Your playlist Launch player Close No items Audio help Launch player internet technology 3 Aug 2016 Skewing our news - and screwing the business? From Mediawatch, 9:10 am on 7 August 2016 Share this Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share via email Share on Google Plus Share on Reddit Share on Linked In Colin Peacock - mediawatch@radionz.co.nz & @MediawatchNZ More and more of us have news fed to us from Facebook or we get it via Google. They are making it easy to find what we want, but they also influence which news and views we get - and the ones we don’t. Listen duration 19′ :30″ Add to playlistPlaylist Download Download as Ogg Download as MP3 Play Ogg in browser Play MP3 in browser Listen A logo created from pictures of Facebook users in the company's data centre in Sweden. Photo: AFP "All the time this year, I hear progressive folks say: 'I don't know a single Trump supporter. I don't see a single person arguing for Trump'. That's a problem because this is a country where four out of 10 people are voting for Trump," online entrepreneur and activist Eli Pariser told NPR in the US last month.  It is a problem he warned about five years ago in a book called The Filter Bubble. Google’s personalised search function, he said, meant the results were echoing what people already knew and liked. Facebook's mysterious algorithms were steering users towards news reflecting their own preferences. Sources contradicting information that others have shared would not filter though into their bubble, he argued.   Five years later, experts are weighing the impact of the "filter bubble" on big political issues.   The online echo chamber  Cardiff University journalism professor Karin Wahl-Jorgenson saw it in effect during the UK's debate about Brexit.  "So much of the news coverage was emotional and politicised. The traditional role of journalism in exposing people to a wide range of variety of views and opinions was much more difficult," Professor Wahl-Jorgenson told Mediawatch. Prof Karin Wahl-Jorgensen, Cardiff University. Photo: Steve Deane UK internet activist Tom Steinberg posted evidence of this as soon as the EU referendum result was in. "The filter bubble is so strong, and extends so far into things like Facebook's custom search that I can't find anyone who is happy  - despite the fact that I'm actively looking to hear what they are saying," he said on Facebook (where else ... ) "We're getting countries where one half just doesn't know anything at all about the other," he said. Legacy media cries foul This prompted the editor of the UK newspaper - and pioneering global multimedia news outlet - The Guardian to say: "Social media has swallowed the news".  In a long essay - widely shared on social media and as an audio podcast - Katherine Viner argued online platforms don’t just spread the news with unprecedented efficiency, they skew the supply of it - especially to the 1.7 billion people around the world now using Facebook. But “filter bubble” cannot easily be burst. "This is a problem ... baked into the very idea of social networks that are designed to give you what you and your friends want to see," she wrote. The likes of Google and Facebook are so popular media companies can’t ignore it. They drive the bulk of of the online traffic to their websites, which in turn brings them income from online advertising. It’s not nearly as much as they used to get from old fashioned ads before the internet swallowed up much of the business - but its crucial income all the same. Facebook takes over   Facebook launched in 2004 and has become the dominant way for people to find news on the internet in many countries - including New Zealand.  A Colmar Brunton survey of 1000 people last month concluded 80 percent of New Zealanders are on Facebook - including nine out of every 10 people aged between 18 and 39.   Online users also get news by searching for it. Overwhelmingly, they choose Google for that.   A news story high up in Google's search ranking can be lucrative. Some news organisations now craft their news with that in mind.   "Some news organisations are putting in key words proven to be popular, often in headlines or right at the start of the article," said Melanie Bunce, a New Zealander who has researched this at City University's journalism school in London. Dr Melanie Bunce Photo: RNZ / Colin Peacock Sometimes journalists are told to include certain words, she said, or editors may insert them afterwards.  It can be obvious if the Daily Mail puts David Beckham in a story where he doesn't belong, she said, but usually online readers wouldn't know "search engine optimisation" was happening. But is this necessarily bad for journalism? "It can help people find stories they're looking for, but it can create an association between topics that don't have a natural association. Right now that could include news stories about immigration and refugee issues. There are similarities but the two issues can be confused," Dr Bunce said. From upstart start-ups to digital dominance When Facebook and Google were founded in the early 2000s, Dan Gillmor was a columnist at the San Jose Mercury News in California, covering Silicon Valley.  He wrote about the dot-com boom close up, and the subsequent bust. Indeed, he had a crack himself.   He left the paper in 2005 for a journalism start-up called Bayosphere to make it easier for ordinary people to report and publish online. It didn't last long.   Did he foresee that other small start-ups - Facebook and Google - could one day become crucial parts of the modern news media?   "It was pretty clear even in the 1980s that we were moving towards something that would be very different,' he told Mediawatch.  "But Facebook is becoming a global arbiter of what is important. It's great technology but it's got to the point where it has too much power. Journalists who pour their work into Facebook and don't understand what it means for journalism don't understand they are making a grievous mistake." Dan Gillmor Photo: supplied Unlike The Guardian's Katherine Viner, Professor Gillmor doesn't blame Facebook or Google for "disrupting the truth". "Poisoned public discourse goes back a long way. Tabloid newspapers and broadcasts over 50 years or more have not been interested in the truth," said Professor Gillmor, who now advises media start-ups and teaches ‘Digital Media Entrepreneurship’ at the Walter Cronkite School of Journalism in Arizona. In a recent article called: Journalists: Stop complaining about Facebook, and do something about it Dr Gillmor said media companies should not "capitulate" to Facebook's dominance: "An enterprise that would become the primary newsstand for journalism and would be free to pick the winners via special deals with media people and tweaks of its opaque algorithms. If this is the future, we are truly screwed. - Dan Gillmor Should the news media turn their backs on Facebook? "The dependence is so great they cannot go cold turkey," he said, "but I hope over time the media can get out of a major trap. I don't think Facebook people are evil, but they have the power to determine the boundaries of freedom of expression of a lot of people." Professor Gillmor said he thought Facebook's ambitious founder and boss Mark Zuckerberg may have over-reached. He has said Facebook should be “like electricity” - a public utility that we cannot do without. "That was a tactical error. We regulate public utilities. If Facebook wants to be one, they have to be a 'common carrier' not allowed to exclude others from a network." In some parts of the world Facebook is offering free access to the internet. The catch is that Facebook is the point of entry.  @Airtel and @Facebook launch Free Basics in Nigeria. #technews #tech #Facebook #airtel #nigeria #africa #internet pic.twitter.com/fidsgiFj95— Tech Gist Africa (@techgistafrica) May 12, 2016 "In some countries Facebook is literally the internet because of deals that have been made with local telcos. "India said no, which was a good decision. But is some free internet better than none? It's elitist to say 'no' - but we should not allow anyone to become the internet," Professor Gillmor said. Anti-social network? The Economist casts Facebook's founder as an over-reaching Roman emperor. Photo: supplied / economist While search engines and online social media have made it easier for people to choose news and views from publishers all over the world, research shows many people getting news on their personal Facebook feeds often take no notice of where the news comes from. Columbia University’s Tow Centre says news publishers have lost control over the distribution of their own journalism and their brands are being destroyed. Just how much of that control now rests with Facebook was made clear in late June. In a statement headed “Building a Better News Feed for You” Facebook announced “an update that helps you see more posts from your friends and family”. This sudden tweak of the mysterious algorithm to downgrade news panicked media publishers.   “For the first time, Facebook stated explicitly that it didn’t care too much about news,” said French technology and business reporter Frederic Filloux.   Follow the money   But even if they don’t care about news as much as the primary mission of “connecting people” Facebook is making money out of media companies’ news.     Indeed, Facebook is making more money than most financial analysts thought possible.   Last month, Facebook announced its revenue was up to almost $US6.5 billion.   The same day the parent company of Katherine Viner’s Guardian announced its biggest ever pre-tax losses: $US265m for the year.   One bright spot was its membership scheme. 50,000 people have signed up to pay monthly fees to support The Guardian's journalism.     But that is a drop in bucket compared with Facebook's membership of 1.7 billion - announced by Mr Zuckerberg the same day - along with those staggering income and profit stats.   Mr Zuckerberg also repeated the phrase that’s become Facebook’s corporate mantra: “Our journey is only one percent done". Struggling news media companies are wondering what will be left of their business when Facebook’s further down the track - and the story of Facebook so far tells us the future it envisages may be closer than we think. Tags: internet media technology Cardiff University Centre for Public Integrity Dan Gillmor Eli Pariser Facebook Google Guardian Karin Wahl-Jorgenson Katherin Viner Melanie Bunce Upworthy filter bubble social media Embed Share this Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share via email Share on Google Plus Share on Reddit Share on Linked In To embed this content on your own webpage, cut and paste the following: 
<iframe src="http://www.radionz.co.nz/audio/remote-player?id=201810677" width="100%" frameborder="0" height="62px"></iframe> See terms of use. Recent stories from Mediawatch Shaken into action The local voice Kaikoura has missed Barking at the supermoon Mediawatch for 20 November 2016 Watchdog withholds its blessing from media marriage Subscribe to Mediawatch Podcast (MP3) Oggcast (Vorbis) RNZ stations National Concert RNZ International The Wireless Latest & popular Latest audio Popular audio Latest video How to watch & listen Audio help Radio Subscribe to podcasts Sky, Freeview & Satellite YouTube RNZ apps for iPhone and Android About RNZ About Contact Media Releases Jobs Join & Follow RNZ RNZ on Facebook RNZ on Twitter RNZ on Youtube RNZ on Instagram Sign up to RNZ Newsletters Terms of use © Copyright Radio New Zealand 2016
null
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Sunday, 7 August 2016 | MYT 9:00 AM Google, Facebook and Apple draw hordes of tech tourists by ethan baron On the itinerary: A tourist posing for photos at the Android Garden on the Google campus in Mountain View, California. Iconic high tech firms in Silicon Valley have become tourist destinations. — Bay Area News Group/TNS SAN FRANCISCO: Move over, Alcatraz; clear some way, cable cars; and back off, Mickey: Silicon Valley is giving San Francisco and other Golden State attractions a run for their money when it comes to drawing hordes of tourists.  Because for some tourists, taking a selfie in front of Facebook is all part of the vacation plan.  "We are all the way from India," said Pavi Rajkumar, with family members at Facebook's "thumbs-up" sign outside its Menlo Park headquarters on a recent morning. Alongside Rajkumar was her nephew Shriman Sendhil, who spends two to three hours a day on the social network and claims 1,000 Facebook friends.  "This is the only thing that woke him up," Rajkumar said of the visit to the company. "Disneyland didn't work."  Quietly but indubitably, tech tourism has become a thing. Hundreds of people a day visit the Facebook sign and Google's Android sculpture garden in Mountain View, with many stopping at other tech giants as well, snapping photos and shooting video. And they don't even get to go inside.  "What you're seeing are people on a pilgrimage," said Stanford communications professor Fred Turner, who regularly drives past Facebook and ponders the selfie-seeking travellers. Most technology tourism is of the do-it-yourself variety, but several companies offer customised tours.  Turner compared the new breed of tourists to pilgrims who travelled to the Holy Land in the Middle Ages to visit churches engaged in large-scale colonialism.  "We now see pilgrimages to firms that in ways both good and bad are colonising our everyday lives," Turner said. "Folks are looking for a physical place behind the kind of dematerialised experience that they have online."  A visit to Google's Android garden in Mountain View presents a physical place, and more: Here, tourists walk among super-sized representations of the operating system's mascots, including a hulking doughnut, immense cupcake and giant ice-cream sandwich, representing the 11 Android iterations.  "We use Google every day, every hour, so we wanted to visit it," said Daniel Rezende, 34, an electrical engineer from Brazil on vacation with his wife, Monica, a 37-year-old dentist. "It's an important place."  Turner's pilgrimage theory also seems to explain why Canadians Vicky Hsu and Philip Huang were at the Facebook sign with their baby and a selfie stick, about 1,000 miles from their Vancouver home.  "We use (Facebook) every day," said Hsu, 30, a banker. Huang, a 37-year-old airport shop manager, gestured toward Facebook's sprawling campus and said, as might be predicted, "It's pretty cool, eh?" They planned to drop in at Google next.  Mostly, tech tourists are not focused on a single company. They hopscotch from firm to firm.  "We just came from Oracle, then we go to HP, Google; we're going to do Tesla, Intel, eBay and Yahoo. And Apple, I forgot Apple," said Ray Santiago, of San Francisco, escorting his friend Eiji Matsumoto, from Tokyo, on a do-it-yourself tour that brought them to the Facebook sign. Matsumoto owns a Japanese company that designs websites.  "That's why I like to see the high-tech companies," said Matsumoto, 46. "Everything is huge, just huge. One company is like one city in Japan."  For the Rezendes, of Brazil, watching Googlers pedal the company's famous multi-coloured employee bikes around the campus highlighted a difference between job requirements at Google and those in Brazil. "Usually we work on just one duty and don't move from building to building," Daniel Rezende said, before he and Monica headed off to visit Apple's headquarters in Cupertino.  It's a short walk from the sculptures to Google's merchandise shop, where a branded sweatshirt costs around US$20 (RM80), a Google lollipop will set you back less than US$3 (RM12), and the most popular purchases among the 300 to 500 people who visit daily are, according to a staffer, Android figurines for US$8 (RM32) to US$15 (RM60) and Google T-shirts for US$15 (RM60).  The notoriously secretive Silicon Valley tech giants offer no public tours of their facilities but generally allow limited public access. Naturally, some visitors push the envelope.  "You need to know a staff member to get a tour," an Australian visitor to Google noted on TripAdvisor in March. As a consolation, the Australian suggested an unauthorised escapade frowned upon by company security. "Can ride a Google bike around the outside of the campus if wanted though," the visitor wrote.  Like Google, Facebook and Apple, Tesla has a branded-merchandise shop at its Palo Alto headquarters. Visitors are prohibited from exploring beyond the lobby, where the shop is located. "They come and try to take pictures of the cars," said a security guard posted in a rear parking lot. "We kick 'em out. That's why we're here."  Some tourists' expectations go unmet. "It was nice to walk between the buildings, take some pictures and see the employees enjoy their lunch break," a visitor to Google's campus posted on a Google Plus thread about Silicon Valley tourism, before griping that Google provided no bathroom access. "We were redirected to a nearby public park," the traveller sniffed.  A TripAdvisor user from London recalled a disappointing incident from a visit to Google. "We got told not to use the Google bikes as they are for employees only, which was a bit of a shame," the traveller complained.  At one of the handful of companies offering Silicon Valley tours, the trip to see the tech icons has been the most popular of its 14 Bay Area tour options for the past year.  "The selfies are the main thing," said Tours By Locals guide Caesar Cypriano, 55. "They do all their postings, and then people on the other side of the globe go, 'Wow, I wish I were there!'" — The Mercury News/Tribune News Service You May Be Interested Thailand seeks to tighten cybersecurity, raising questions about privacy protection Yew Sin-Ee Yi continue fine run in Hong Kong Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Fraud in Felda Global Ventures Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Others Also Read More Rohingyas flee to Bangladesh as violence spreads in Myanmar M’sia, Thailand to begin talks on Bangkok-KL HSR project - Thai Minister Japan enlists Sailor Moon to promote safe sex advertisement Latest News Philippines money laundering body charges bankers for ignoring cyberheist Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Most Viewed in Tech Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Viral video will crash your iPhone The new Vivo V5 takes the selfie crown Pokémon Go: Dittos are hiding in plain sight Google nears tax settlement with Indonesian government: sources Self-driving car group urges US regulators to clear road Israeli firm can steal phone data in seconds Singapore unveils self-driving scooter, ideal for phone-obsessed walkers Pokémon Go says thanks and reshuffles CP Watch your self-ie! India tops ranking for selfie deaths Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
Tampa Bay Times: Subscribe Make Payment/Renew Missed Paper Vacation Stop E-Paper TBO: Advertise Contact Us AUTOS HOMES JOBS Tuesday, Nov 22, 2016 77° Home Local News US & World Sports Entertainment Radar Weather Special Sections Offbeat Stories With world as its playground, Pokémon Go pushes legal, ethical bounds Pokemon Go players are glued to their phones as they walk the shore at Ballast Point Park. The city of Tampa is still waiting for a reply to its request that the maker of the game cut back on the virtual creatures that draw players to the park. [ZACK WITTMAN | Times] Tony Marrero, Times Staff Writer Published: August 6, 2016 Updated: August 6, 2016 at 11:29 PM They’ve descended on cemeteries, veterans memorials and the National Holocaust Museum in Washington, D.C. In their zeal to catch digital creatures that pop up on their smartphone screens, Pokémon Go players are flocking to places where they’re not always welcome. Niantic, the game’s developer, is fielding requests from exasperated property owners who want the company to remove virtual markers that draw crowds to real-world places. The city of Tampa, for example, has asked the company to take the “PokéStops” out of Ballast Point Park because so many players are showing up when the park is closed. The friction raises questions about the technology that makes the augmented reality game possible. How much responsibility does Niantic bear for the actions of people using its product? And what obligation, if any, does the company have to respond to requests like Tampa’s? Experts say the company may have the law on its side, at least for now, but the popularity of Pokémon Go has pushed Niantic into uncharted legal and ethical waters. “The question is, how far does a third party like Niantic have to go before it becomes responsible for encouraging players to trespass or create a nuisance,” said Brian Wassom, a media attorney and author of Augmented Reality Law, Privacy, and Ethics. “That’s an untested legal question.” ••• You might not care about the difference between a Charmander and a Jigglypuff, but to understand why players are mobbing a waterfront park in tony South Tampa, you need a primer on Pokémon Go. The goal of the game, which is based on the original Nintendo game of the 1990s and downloaded as a mobile app, is to capture Pokémon creatures that pop up on the screen. The game uses the phone’s camera so the characters appear to surface in the real world. In map view, the player’s avatar, Pokémon characters and game markers appear on a digital map. At PokéStops, players can replenish their avatar’s supplies and drop “lures” that cause Pokémon creatures to appear. At PokéGyms, players pit their captured critters against each other in on-screen battles. The app uses the phone’s GPS function with Niantic’s proprietary mapping software. Niantic developed the software for its first augmented reality game, Ingress, which launched in 2011. That game didn’t catch on like Pokémon Go. “The technology has been around for several years, but it’s been the enthusiasts using it, not the masses,” said Mark Skwarek, director of New York University’s Augmented Reality Lab. Skwarek has worked on augmented reality for more than a decade and has worked on GPS-based games like Pokémon Go. Niantic was formed in 2010 by John Hanke as Niantic Labs, an internal startup within the Internet and technology giant Google, before it was spun out as an independent entity last fall. Hanke was one of the founders of Keyhole, the company Google bought to start Google Earth. Hanke was involved with Google Maps before forming Niantic. As it developed Ingress, Niantic built a huge database of real-world landmarks that later became the starting point for Pokémon Go, according to the technology magazine Mashable. The company uses another set of data based on geographic markers, such as bodies of water, to decide where certain Pokémon characters will appear. After the game launched in the United States last month, word spread quickly on social media that Ballast Point Park was one of the best places in the area to play. The 7.5-acre park has several PokéStops — players have reported as many as nine — and at least one PokéGym. But the attraction transcends the plentiful Pokémon. Players say rare characters that can’t be found anywhere else in the city appear regularly at Ballast Point. This has proved an irresistible draw for players who disregard the sign noting the park is open only from dawn to dusk. Neighbors call to complain and police show up to disperse crowds that reached 150 one night last month. Public parks, with their easy access and open spaces, are a natural playground for augmented reality games, Skwarek said. So Niantic puts an extra focus on parks, dropping virtual goodies there to draw players. “They see these as places to really hype up the game,” he said. But how do places less appropriate for game playing, like the National Holocaust Museum and cemeteries, wind up with PokéStops? An algorithm that automatically pulled landmarks from maps is probably to blame, Skwarek said. Niantic can easily intervene to make manual changes, he said. It’s usually as simple as highlighting the features on a digital map and clicking “delete” or removing the coordinates from a spreadsheet. Niantic has an electronic form on its website for property owners who want the company to remove stops and gyms. The company declined to answer emailed questions from the Times about what criteria the company uses to evaluate the requests and how long it takes to respond. Instead, a spokesman referred a reporter to a previously issued statement that Niantic is “moving quickly to review all such requests.” Published reports show the forms are being submitted from all over the world. Niantic honored a request from the Holocaust Museum in Washington, D.C. In a Web post last week, officials in Provo, Utah, said they were surprised at how quickly the company granted their request to remove stops from the public library. But a cathedral in Germany has threatened legal action because the company has not responded to its requests. Tampa officials have said they don’t want people to stop playing the game at Ballast Point Park, but made the request to Niantic as a “proactive” way to try to make the park less of draw and reduce crowds. As of Friday, the problems there hadn’t abated and the city was still waiting for a response, police spokesman Steve Hegarty said. ••• There is no law against placing virtual markers in a physical space, even private property, said Wassom, the attorney. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that online expression is a form of speech protected by the First Amendment. “If someone were placing physical signs saying, ‘Come here and play,’ that would be a pretty clear violation of property rights,” he said. “But when you’re putting virtual markers on a digital map, you’re engaging in speech, and that’s protected.” But just as there limitations on free speech, the right to place virtual markers is not absolute, Wassom said. He said there will be some instances where a virtual marker is viewed as a “clear and present danger,” similar to yelling fire in a crowed theater, but in most cases, that’s going to be “an awfully uphill battle to fight,” he said. “Whenever you’re talking about physical trespassing, the responsibility is always going to be on the person committing the act,” he said, noting that the Pokémon Go app tells players not to trespass or enter dangerous areas. Some cities already are considering new laws and at least one has passed. The City Council in Newnan, Ga., adopted an ordinance July 21 — just two weeks after the game launched — prohibiting people from playing Internet or cellphone games in the city’s three cemeteries. Wassom expects similar ordinances to follow. Some will be well thought out but most will face court challenges, he said. Legal or not, companies like Niantic have a duty to be good corporate citizens, said Dan Verreault, director of the Center for Ethics in the University of Tampa’s Sykes School of Business. “The company has to be responsible and careful in the design, and responsive and accepting of feedback from affected communities,” Verreault said. “I also think at least 50 percent of the responsibility has to be taken by the user who knows that catching a little dinosaur doesn’t justify trespassing or disturbing what ought not be disturbed.” For cases like Ballast Point Park, Niantic could craft a compromise, such as adjusting the game so its features better align with park hours, said NYU’s Skwarek. He said the popularity of the game probably caught the company by surprise and it’s probably adding staff to make these kinds of changes. “You have to work with the public on these issues,” Skwarek said, “or it’s going to backfire when something bad happens.” Times senior news researcher John Martin contributed to this report. Contact Tony Marrero at tmarrero@tampabay.com or (813) 226-3374. Weather Center Radar Images: Tampa Bay region Brandon Central Tampa South Tampa New Tampa Northwest Hillsborough South Shore North Pinellas South Pinellas Pasco Polk Manatee Sarasota Hernando/Citrus Heartland Tampa Bay area Weather Alerts: Full-sized radar Current conditions 10-day Forecast Hurricane Guide Local News Port Tampa Bay gets another cruise ship: Holland America's MS Oosterdam Brandon's new indoor skydiving tunnel is a 100 mph blast Metropolitan Ministries founder delighted by how many the holiday tent helps Tampa home built for former New York Yankees star Jorge Posada hits the market for nearly $6 million An empty-nester's Thanksgiving table grows for adopted Tampa family Email Email newsletters Contact Us Advertising info Place an ad online Letters Subscription Manage account Subscribe Vacation stop More Info Legal notices About us Privacy statement Terms & conditions About our ads About our company Jobs Social Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Affiliates Centro Tampa Highlands Today © 2016 Times Publishing Inc.
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Rio 2016 Rio 2016 men's basketball: China 62-119 USA – as it happened Live results from day one | Full schedule for the opening day Sign up here for the daily Olympics briefing email Run through Rio with our virtual podcast Updated Kevin Durant celebrates a basket during the USA’s opening game at Rio. Photograph: Rob Carr/Getty Images DJ Gallo Saturday 6 August 2016 20.25 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 23 August 2016 05.41 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 6.24pm EDT 18:24 End of the 1st quarter: USA 30-10 China 7.55pm EDT 19:55 Final: USA 119-62 China 7.33pm EDT 19:33 End of the 3rd quarter: USA 91-47 China 7.06pm EDT 19:06 Second half is underway! 6.52pm EDT 18:52 End of the 1st half: USA 59-30 China 6.01pm EDT 18:01 There's the tip! Live feed Show 8.26pm EDT 20:26 Ruthless Kevin Durant and USA crush China in Olympic basketball opener Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.00pm EDT 20:00 Thanks for following along with the liveblog. Here’s to more competitive games later in the tournament. And someone in Rio tell Jianlian to keep his cellphone on. If NBA teams are giving Timofey Mozgov $64 million and Tyler Johnson $50 million, he’s got a $500 million deal in the works. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.57pm EDT 19:57 The U.S. plays Venezuela next on Monday night. That game will be a similar domination. China will play France on Monday night. France is a medal favorite. It will take a huge upset to keep China from falling to 0-2. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.55pm EDT 19:55 Final: USA 119-62 China If we’re being very (very, very, very) generous, we can say the two superstars -- Durant and Jianlian -- played to a draw, and the U.S. depth made the difference. In reality, this was never a contest, even before the tipoff. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.52pm EDT 19:52 USA 117-62 China, 1:03 4th quarter After a bad turnover by China leads to a Harrison Barnes bucket, China calls timeout. Their coach is really going to have to come up with some great strategy here to overcome the 55-point deficit in the final 63 seconds. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.49pm EDT 19:49 USA 113-62 China, 2:37 4th quarter We’re at the portion of the game where the U.S. players on the bench are smiling and laughing. Here’s a stat to smile and laugh at: China’s bench tonight has contributed 26 points and 23 fouls. Updated at 7.49pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.45pm EDT 19:45 USA 107-61 China, 4:27 4th quarter Jianlian just went through Draymond Green and Harrison Barnes for another bucket. He’s got 25 points in the game. The rest of China’s starting lineup has combined for ... 10 points. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.42pm EDT 19:42 USA 105-57 China, 5:22 4th quarter Klay Thompson is 1-for-6 and 0-for-4 from three tonight. Durant is 10-for-14 and 5-for-8. So if people are wondering where Durant will get shots in Golden State, uhhh ... I have an early pick for who might lose shots in their offense. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.39pm EDT 19:39 USA 98-52 China, 7:46 4th quarter Jianlian now has 23 points and, in all fairness, very much looks like his belongs in the NBA. About that ... Brian Mahoney (@briancmahoney) Kevin Durant and Yi Jianlian, taken just four picks apart in 2007 draft, trading baskets. August 6, 2016 Drafting: not a science. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.36pm EDT 19:36 USA 94-47 China, 9:32 4th quarter Cousins scores in transition and gets the and-1 on a nice pass from Durant. The new Warriors star is clearly the best player on the court in this game. Some country should make a run at him to defect. Updated at 7.37pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.33pm EDT 19:33 End of the 3rd quarter: USA 91-47 China China started the second half strong, but inevitably got run over by superior talent again. Look for Team USA to empty its bench now ... which is full of NBA All-Stars. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.30pm EDT 19:30 USA 87-45 China, 1:20 3rd quarter Houston Rockets 2nd Rounder Zhou Qi hits two free throws. He now has three points, a block, a steal and a rebound. That’s a quadruple-single against Team USA. No one can ever take that away from him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.27pm EDT 19:27 USA 84-40 China, 2:39 3rd quarter Kyrie Irving hits back-to-back threes -- his first points of the game -- to extend the US run to 16-0. Before that, the US was on a 68-40 “run.” Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.24pm EDT 19:24 USA 78-40 China, 3:35 3rd quarter Durant hits his fourth three of the night after some great ball rotation outside the perimeter leaves him wide open for three. It’s easy to wonder why China would leave him open, but who do you leave open on this team? Am I talking about Team USA now or the Warriors? I’m not sure. Durant celebrates with Draymond Green. Photograph: Lucy Nicholson/Reuters Updated at 8.25pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.23pm EDT 19:23 From Kyle Brown via e-mail ... Maybe the Chinese strategy was patience - wait for the Americans to fall asleep to take advantage. Maybe you’re right. That could give China a chance, as long as Jordan stays awake to shoot free throws. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.20pm EDT 19:20 USA 72-40 China, 5:35 3rd quarter DeAndre Jordan hits one from the line. He’s now 3-for-10 on free throws for the night. So many international viewers are being exposed to DeAndre Jordan for the first time and are no doubt wondering how an American player can be this bad at shooting 15-foot shots without any defense. Know that Americans wonder the same thing. Updated at 7.20pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.16pm EDT 19:16 USA 70-40 China, 6:10 3rd quarter The unit that started the second half for the U.S. is not playing well. They won’t be starting any halves against teams that can be competitive with the U.S. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.13pm EDT 19:13 It’s impossible to watch China and not wonder what could have been with Yao Ming. The former No. 1 overall pick hasn’t played since the 2010-2011 season, but he’s only 35 now and would still be a force if not for all his injuries. He might have been enough to keep China within 40. Demar Derozan of the USA alooks to dispossess China’s Zhai Xiaochuan. Photograph: Lucy Nicholson/Reuters Updated at 8.28pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.11pm EDT 19:11 USA 63-36 China, 7:43 3rd quarter Zhai Xiaochuan hits a three for China, they create a turnover and then Zhou Qi hits a free throw. China is up 6-4 in the second half! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.08pm EDT 19:08 USA 60-32 China, 8:55 3rd quarter Yi Jianlian banks in a shot from just inside the three-point line. Brazil may be having some problems, but the banks are still open. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.06pm EDT 19:06 Second half is underway! Lowry, Butler, George, DeRozan, Jordan are the starting five for the U.S. in the 2nd half. No, not Michael Jordan, unfortunately. It would be fun to see how well the U.S. would do with a 53-year old man in the lineup. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.04pm EDT 19:04 SPORTSBETTING (@SportsBettingAG) DeMar DeRozan is dunking on people and #USABasketball is rolling against China. #Basketball #Rio2016 https://t.co/2zEF7Fx2fK August 6, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.56pm EDT 18:56 Team USA’s exhibition wins over China were by the scores of 106-57 and 107-57. This game is on pace to end 118-60. Maybe Coach K is ripping the Americans in the locker room for their worsening defense. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.54pm EDT 18:54 At the half, the U.S. leads in field goal percentage, three-point percentage, free throw percentage, rebounds, assists, steals and blocks. China has the edge in ... turnovers and fouls. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.52pm EDT 18:52 End of the 1st half: USA 59-30 China Kevin Durant leads the U.S. with 17 points. Yi Jianlian leads China with 9. Kyrie Irving is the only U.S. player who hasn’t scored. Perhaps he’s resting on his Game 7 laurels. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.49pm EDT 18:49 USA 59-30 China, 0:19 2nd quarter DeAndre Jordan throws down a big dunk on an alley-oop pass from Durant. Even 4-foot-6 Ragan Smith could have defended that play better than China did. Had a fun time meeting Deandre Jordan yesterday!🇺🇸👌🏻 A photo posted by Ray-Ray (@ragansmith) on Aug 6, 2016 at 10:04am PDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.43pm EDT 18:43 USA 55-29 China, 2:05 2nd quarter Harrison Barnes has checked into the game for the U.S. So the coaching staff officially thinks this game is out of reach. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.42pm EDT 18:42 USA 55-27 China, 3:00 2nd quarter And there’s another three by Durant. Three possessions in a row, three threes in a row. Then he comes back down and misses one from 6-feet beyond the line. Steph Curry, watching at home, probably thinks he would have made that one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.40pm EDT 18:40 USA 52-26 China, 3:24 2nd quarter Durant hits back-to-back from three and he now has 14 points. Durant is 2-for-2 from three. The rest of Team USA? Just 1-for-8. And they’re still up by 26 with more than two quarter remaining. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.37pm EDT 18:37 USA 44-22, 4:49 2nd quarter Yuchen is taking a seat for China with 4 fouls. He’s filling up the stat sheet against NBA stars. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.35pm EDT 18:35 USA 42-22 China, 5:28 2nd quarter A turnover by Kevin Durant leads to a nice transition bucket by China. Ratings go back up in OKC. It’s now 12-12 in the 2nd quarter. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.33pm EDT 18:33 USA 40-18 China, 6:30 2nd quarter A three-point play by Zou Yuchen means the U.S. is only winning the 2nd quarter so far by a score of 10-8. Baby steps. Baby steps by extremely tall men. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.30pm EDT 18:30 USA 38-15 China, 7:33 2nd quarter After an impressive finish on an alley-oop, DeRozan comes back with two free throws and then another dunk in transition. He has 6 quick points off the bench. Draymond Green is also in the game for the U.S. He is wearing shorts and hasn’t started an international incident with an assault. Things are going well for Team USA. USA’s guard Demar Derozan scores. Photograph: Mark Ralston/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 6.36pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.27pm EDT 18:27 The U.S. shot 9-for-19 from the floor in the 1st quarter, China 4-for-14. The U.S. had one turnover to seven for Team China. And even with all of China’s 7-footers, they were out-rebounded 14-8. Yikes. China only has three more quarters to put up with this, though! Silver linings. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.24pm EDT 18:24 End of the 1st quarter: USA 30-10 China After the slow start, the U.S. ends the first half on a 26-6 run, punctuated by Jimmy Butler scoring at the buzzer. Basketball is a game of runs, though. So look for China to respond sometime with a 2-0 run. USA’s centre DeMarcus Cousins jumps for a basket as China’s Zhou Peng trails. Photograph: Jim Young/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 8.29pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.22pm EDT 18:22 Hunter Felt (@HunterFelt) Always interesting to see how the US responds to the officiating since, they uh, enforce rules in international competition. @DJGalloEtc August 6, 2016 Mike Krzyzewski will probably berate some officials anyway. It’s what he does. It is fun that under international rules, balls can be swatted off the rim without a goaltending call. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.19pm EDT 18:19 USA 25-10 China, 1:29 1st quarter Durant now has 8 points on 4-for-4 shooting. NBC’s ratings for this game are going to plummet in Oklahoma City. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.18pm EDT 18:18 Paul George is in the game now for the U.S. The last time he played for Team USA he had his horrific knee injury. Today’s Olympics action has already had some gruesome injuries. Olie Chan (@chanman141) Awful injury from the Vault 😯 #RioOlympics2016 pic.twitter.com/jweIoPghvK August 6, 2016 Let’s hope that’s over with for the day. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.15pm EDT 18:15 USA 19-6 China, 2:49 1st quarter Durant hits on a nice post move in the lane and then Kyrie Irving dives for a loose ball. Remember that Kyrie Irving play if people tell you the Olympic team doesn’t try. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.13pm EDT 18:13 USA 15-6 China, 4:31 1st quarter China responds off their timeout with a nice reverse layup by Yanyuhang to end the 9-0 run. Then Anthony gets two more points from the line. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.11pm EDT 18:11 USA 13-4 China, 5:10 1st quarter The U.S. has started to open it up on a 9-0 run, fueled by Carmelo Anthony’s five points. Timeout by China. It’s interesting how Carmelo Anthony is viewed as a winner and leader ... with Team USA. Back in the States with the Knicks? His image is completely opposite. Carmelo Anthony claims possession. Photograph: Jim Young/Reuters Updated at 8.22pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.08pm EDT 18:08 USA 6-4 China, 6:21 1st quarter Sloppy, ugly game so far. The teams are a combined 3-for-12 from the field. It’s almost like none of the players have played meaningful basketball in a while. Updated at 6.08pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.05pm EDT 18:05 China 2-2 USA, 8:04 1st quarter Cousins hits two free throws and we’re tied. The next time down the court, the U.S. dumps it into Cousins again, but he got blocked by Qi. Two minutes in, the blowout has yet to start. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.02pm EDT 18:02 China 2-0 USA China gets on the board first with two free throws by Yanyuhang. Upset in the works! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.01pm EDT 18:01 There's the tip! China wins (the opening tip). It may go downhill from here for them ... and just as I type that, China’s first pass is picked off by the U.S. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.01pm EDT 18:01 Starting lineup for the US: Kevin Durant, Carmelo Anthony, DeMarcus Cousins, Klay Thompson, Kyrie Irving. Starting lineup for China: Yi Jianlian, Zhou Peng, Zhou Qi, Ding Yanyuhang, Zhao Jiwei Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.53pm EDT 17:53 The teams are on the court warming up. Hopefully Carmelo Anthony isn’t too upset with the pregame music selections. Michael Lee (@MrMichaelLee) Melo is getting too old for this... pic.twitter.com/4zWtemCsYg July 30, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.46pm EDT 17:46 No U.S. team will ever match the dominance or aura of the original 1992 Dream Team. The test, outside of taking Gold -- looking at you, 2004 edition -- for all the teams since is making some iconic plays on the way to winning. And the gold standard for that remains Vince Carter dunking over Frederic Weis in 2000. Updated at 5.54pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.39pm EDT 17:39 China’s best shot at the upset might be if Team USA’s legs are tired after ACCIDENTALLY visiting a brothel in Rio on Wednesday night. Classic mistake. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.32pm EDT 17:32 The U.S. isn’t playing with LeBron James or Steph Curry, but every player on the team is well-known. China’s most recognizable names are Yi Jianlian, a 7-footer who was the No. 6 overall pick by the Bucks in 2007 (and then had five forgettable NBA seasons), and Zhou Qi, a 2015 2nd Round pick by the Rockets. Qi, who is 7-foot-2, had 15 points and 3 rebounds combined in the two exhibition games against the U.S. That’s not too far off from Dwight Howard-level production, so that’s something for Houston to maybe get excited about. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.23pm EDT 17:23 Welcome to the liveblog of the opening game of the Rio 2016 Men’s Basketball competition for the United States and China. I’d love to say we’re in for a great game, but for most every U.S. basketball game at the Olympics since 1992, the question isn’t if they’ll win but by how much. The US and China met twice in late July in exhibition games and the US won by scores of 106-57 and 107-57. So, yes, it’s a safe bet that Team USA will win by quite a bit tonight. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.26pm EDT 14:26 DJ will be here shortly. In the meantime, it’s worth asking: is this USA team invincible? This collection of NBA players might not be as impressive as the 1992 Dream Team, or even the 2012 team, but there’s seemingly no way they’ll miss out on a gold medal. The biggest threats to American basketball hegemony – Spain, Argentina, and France – are all trotting out players who are well past their prime. Lithuania might be a team to fear in 2020, once Domantas Sabonis has logged a few years in the NBA, but a victory over the USA seems highly unlikely. With very little doubt hovering over the results of the tournament, the only thing to watch for in Rio is what I like to call the International Bounce. It’s like the US presidential convention bounce, but for basketball prowess. In the 2014 World Cup of Basketball, Cousins dominated and signaled that he’d be taking a step up once the season started. Of course, he didn’t and the Kings were abysmal yet again, but the hype was there over the summer. Do you remember that Carlos Boozer, Tayshaun Prince, and Michael Redd were on the 2008 Redeem Team? For players like that who aren’t perennial All-Stars and don’t win MVP awards, the International Bounce can be a career-defining moment. With this team having so many Olympic first-timers, there’s going to be a lot of guys with a lot to prove. The US Olympic men's basketball team is nearly invincible: what's to gain in Rio? Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Topics Rio 2016 USA basketball team USA Olympic team US sports Basketball Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › Rio 2016 Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
× Sign up for our free weekly Web Developer Newsletter. 12,604,364 members (66,528 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » IoT Services » General   Article Alternatives Comments (7) Add your own alternative version Tagged as C#Unity3DASP.NETIoT Stats 5.4K views 64 downloads 5 bookmarked Posted 6 Aug 2016 IoT-VR with Unity,Intel Edison Grasshopper.iics, Abhishek Nandy, Moumita Das, 7 Aug 2016 CPOL    5.00 (3 votes) 1 2 3 4 5 5.00/5 - 3 votes μ 5.00, σa 1.10 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. Virtual Reality with Unity,Intel Edison and MQTT. Download UnityApp.zip - 20.6 MB Download Source Code ( 250 Mb Dropbox Link) Table of Contents 1. Introduction 2. Background 3.What we intend to do 4.The proposed pipeline 5.Let's start with unity 6.The unity asset store 7.The Unity Animation controller 8.Time for the MQTT client 9.Animation control 10.The MQTT thing in Unity 11.Google cardboard integration 12.Controlling The Puppet With hardware 13.Controlling The Puppet with Gesture 14. Controlling Puppet With Intel Edison IoT Device 15.Why the Hololens experiment failed 16.Conclusion     1. Introduction In this tutorial we will cover a different perspective how we can use Unity and for virtual experience.We will work on an animation system give complete life to our character and add a different dimension by bringing in the scope of MQTT adding Intel Edison to feel the magic.In between we will also describe the animation system and controls on giving state transitions to our character while applying movement. 2. Background This article is more of a research I was doing where I thought where can I fit in IoT in terms of VR.To start with for its easy learning curve I chose Unity IDE.It fits in the best for creating the project more lively. For the integration part research was made with communication medium for remote interaction with Unity and IoT device. After all details and feasibility I found out the best way to do it was with MQTT.For adding a character I had to go through lot of details what kind of characters fit in best for the project. I tried Mixamo for details in animation for the character and certainly I found it useful but for the project purpose chose and easy way from Unity asset store a character and free custom animations associated with it.Here in I share my experience for the project that got  created.   3.What we intend to do Conceptually it was just a dream that I could make the things working out at place so it was a tough job to start with The Unity part 1)We needed characters that can be used freely for our project purspose and we had very less time.Creating a character in Blender would take time(I know very less Blender alltogether!!).Obvious choice was something that was freely available in Unity. 2)Unity Asset store to the rescue :- I was working aroud which figures and characters were obvious for me so I thought a Doll like character will shape up and give the project good shape hence we started searching and goodness gracious really the store had great assets and then Unity Chan model as these model was well explained in Unity forum and it was very easy to tweak it. 3)Adding animations:- As we found this character had lots of animation state to use.Hence the animation control came to the limelight.We studied lots of tutorial in implementing animations and then we were good to go. The IoT part:- This was the most trickiest part as we had to bring in a new dimension to iteraction within Unity. 1)Obvious thinking was how could I communicate between the Unity project and the IoT device, studied a lot then found out that mqtt was the best choice. 2)Now the next thing was to integrate the mqtt within Unity it was a tough job had to dig in deep then found out a github library that came to the rescue for me. 3)Next step was tweaking the code integrating it with our scene for further assistance for our project.I did it with getting to know the basics of it and delving in deep into the code. 4)I tried the first communication with mymqtt app to try mapping the movements broken down into different mediums and commands that will work and yes it was a success.   The proposed pipeline The next figure shows the proposed pipeline for the project workflow.It was a tedious part on how I can manage the entire scenario at one place but as I gained knowledge different ideas came into view hence the flow. Download the latest version of Unity to start with.Make sure you are targeting for which platform 32 bit or 64 bit.then push for the download. The workflow Let's break the workflow 1)We design the game concept at Unity ,the movement ,we make a scene add capabilities for interactions.Then we set up animation control and get it going with keyboard keys (up,down,left and right).It came along very well. 2)We started the process of how we can do the interactions with IoT levels then we searched a lot of content and found mqtt the best fit.We integrated it. 3)Next step was to see that if we were able to communicate with the unity scene directly .On and android phone installed the mymqtt app and then subscribed to the channel we configured in the mqtt client.We did basic interactions with numbers to see if we were able to communicate and it worked out well.So the next thing 4)We used Android Studio to create an app where we integrated mqtt to interact with the Unity scene with forward,backward,left and right movements.It went along superbly. 5)As it was Unity we converted it to WIndows 10 UWP(We decided not to do it as MQTT was not working with it) Hence 5th changed to Google cardboard. 6)We integrated with RealSense.   Let's start with Unity 1)firstly we will have to download Unity for the setup.firstly you need to make sure that which platform you intend to install for 32 bit or 64 bit. 2)Go straightforward to the website download the executable. Here in this page you will have an option for downloading the version of unity just start downloading. In the next page you will have variety of options for downloading Unity we have chosen the free version. Choosing free version allows us to test and build our app and also publish it. In the next step you will get an option for downloading the installer.After downloading the installer we need to choose target platforms the basic ones being PC,android build and others. After installation it is now our turn to select and start the project. For the first time when you login it asks for your Unity ID(make sure you are registered,as with its help you can now download the asset from asset store otherwise you can also work offline) We open Unity give a name to the project.Make sure 3d toggle option is selected.Then we click on create project. Before going further now we need to know what unity asset store actually is. The Unity Asset Store Unity Asset store is a market place where you get project assets that you can easily use.Some of the great assets are free and some of them are paid. Why use Asset Store? If we are a single developer its very difficult to find time to actually design the character add animations and other logic to it.The learning curve is steep when we are trying to learn new 3d designing tools.To bring our logic into reality we need animations,characters that are pre built.We can easily engage our self to C# code and use the language to our full potential to bring the entire gaming experience to reality.We although have to figure out the animation control ourself. The concept of doll From my childhood I had this special fascinations with playing with dolls keeping it ourself when we used to get to bed,tell stories(yes those golden days were so much fun... I wish I could go back).We get readily attach to the baby dolls that and weave in fairy tales.Hence when I started this project I wanted to go back and relive it so we started.We had in our mind that we will have to make a simple system where it can move back and forth and easily controllable through our IoT device. The search at Asset Store We always wanted to give our applcation a classic fairy tale look and we found that one character and one low poly count model was very useful for us. Unity Chan model This Japanese model was too cute for our liking hence we thought we could use it.There was also a tutorial on how to use it. The flexibilty was 1)Animations 2)Cuteness of the character 3)Easily configurable to our liking Now for our environment setup we had to choose a low poly environment that could give our scene a special feel.Indeed I found one the "low poly count environment".It was classy and it was our type. Mixing them both The ideas was to create a scene where we can bring in both characters together to start with we took example from the already added asset.We opened up the demo scene to check the capabilties of the model.It was indeed cool. Now it was the part of importing the low polycount model and test the scene. After opening the test scene indeed we found it was worth working with. The experiment time We included the Unity chan model now it was for us to start the coding and configuration. As the character was facing the other side of camera we had to rotate it so used the rotating tool in Unity to change the view of the character. Now it was our term to decide on the animation control system. The Unity Animation controller The unity animator controller organises your animation control in a state oriented manner.The speciality is you can drive in different sets of animations in one place.We can also have subsets of animation it is called blend state.Now first of all We though we try out with simple animation transitions. Let's start again In the project tab we have to right click then we get options to create the animation controller. We name it and then drag it to the Unity chan model animator controller. Next we double click the animation controller we see the states. Let's break the state machine system we have by default any state,entry state and exit state. Make sure that apply root motion is unchecked. Now lets bring in some animations we intent to work with we drag the wait animations to picture. Its time to save the scene.Give it a name and save it. Time for the MQTT client   What is MQTT? as per wiki mqtt is a machine to machine "IoT" protocol.It's highly reliable and it is easy to transfer or transmit messages on fast and accurate manner.     We searched a lot in internet but there was one github link that came in for the rescue.     We downloaded it and imported it our project.We opened the example scene in unity. It was able to send and receive MQTT message. For our receiving.sending purpose we thought of a trick we used the mymqtt app from google play store so that we can send/receive data to channel. MYMQTT app link The easy way because it was very easy for us to communicate. The app has Dashboard,Subscribe,Publish,Stored Messages and Settings The settings is the most important section in our view. Here in the main broker url tab we give in  iot.eclipse.org and port is 1883.   Animation control   Let's go back to animations again we have handled the mqtt part we will cover the code changes as we make the animation control going. The structure looks like this after importing and adding the details in the scene. Now as adding the wait animations we see in the animation controller that in orange color one of the waiting states its the default state of animation. We can just right click on any state and then make it to default state.From the other waiting states we make a transition to the default state as shown in figure above. Now we will start working on a C# script. When we create the script it is empty.   We go to assets then create and then C# script. This script will work as our point for controlling the animations. to start with the script is empty. //
// using UnityEngine;
using System.Collections;

public class Play : MonoBehaviour {

	 Use this for initialization
	void Start () {
	
	}
	
	// Update is called once per frame
	void Update () {
	
	}
}

//   in the script first we need to assign animator hence we declare it as  public Animator Animd;
 getting access to  animator controller we have get the component that drives the animation. Animd = GetComponent<animator>();
// </animator>
 for getting different keys for interactions we declare it in update method it allows us to check if we have pressed keys in keyboard,touch control or other inputs  if (Input.GetKeyDown("1"))
    {
        Animd.Play("WAIT01", -1, 0.5f);
    }
    if (Input.GetKeyDown("2"))
    {
        Animd.Play("WAIT02", -1, 0.5f);
    }
    if (Input.GetKeyDown("3"))
    {
        Animd.Play("WAIT03", -1, 0.5f);
    }
    if (Input.GetKeyDown("4"))
    {
        Animd.Play("WAIT04", -1, 0.5f);
    }
//
 where "WAIT01" is the name of the animation "-1" gives the layer of the animation control system.The animation control system can be broken down into sublayers when you create a transition system. "0f" it shows from which point the animation starts playing on. Now we will work on the movement horizontally and vertically hence we need to declare the parameters.It will be a float format. For horizontal and vertical we had to declare 2 parameters. Now we need to go back to the script and declare it. private float inputH;

private float inputV; Now we need to detect the horizontal and vertical axis. inputH = Input.GetAxis("Horizontal");

 inputV = Input.GetAxis("Vertical"); Now we need to the  put the values of inputH and inputV. Animd.SetFloat("inputH", inputH);
Animd.SetFloat("inputV", inputV); It's time now to create a new blend tree so that we can add a sublayer to the animation control In this layer we will be adding movement animations where we can portray movements in left ,right,up and down direction. We make the blend tree type 2D simple directional. and the parameters as inputH and inputV. In the motion list  we add different motion field  we add four of them for adjustment. We need to update the values  As we have added the movement now it's time to see how the sub layered blend tree look like.Add the Motion obtion we substitute with the apprpriate movement on left,right,up and down. The movement mapped to motions. Now the sublayer looks like this.Blue dots are our animations and red dot is how we blend close. Now we make a transition from Base layer to sublayer(as we have done before left click do transition to the sublayer).Now we select the transition clicking on the arrow connecting WAIT00 and move. We have to uncheck "has exit time" option as doing that will allows us to not wait for the animation and go to the next state. Now we go to the conditions option.Where we setup inputV and inputH and goes to particular condition when greater than 0.1. Now we add another condition. When inputV less than -0.1 then we go to the previous transition.We used multiple Blend tree transition for proper reflectiong of movement. Next step is add rigid body to Unity Chan model and make sure gravity is unchecked. Now we add the movement to the rigidbody we need to go back to the script. Animd.SetFloat("inputH", inputH);
        Animd.SetFloat("inputV", inputV); We add the movement based on the directions float moveX = inputH * 20f * Time.deltaTime;
 float moveZ = inputV * 25f * Time.deltaTime;
   Then we add those back to the rigid body component.
       rbody.velocity = new Vector3(moveX, 0f, moveZ); The MQTT thing in Unity Let's take a look at mqtttest.cs file     using UnityEngine;
using System.Collections;
using System.Net;
using uPLibrary.Networking.M2Mqtt;
using uPLibrary.Networking.M2Mqtt.Messages;
using uPLibrary.Networking.M2Mqtt.Utility;
using uPLibrary.Networking.M2Mqtt.Exceptions;

using System;

public class mqttTest : MonoBehaviour {
	private MqttClient client;
	// Use this for initialization
	void Start () {
		// create client instance 
		client = new MqttClient(IPAddress.Parse("143.185.118.233"),8080 , false , null ); 
		
		// register to message received 
		client.MqttMsgPublishReceived += client_MqttMsgPublishReceived; 
		
		string clientId = Guid.NewGuid().ToString(); 
		client.Connect(clientId); 
		
		// subscribe to the topic "/home/temperature" with QoS 2 
		client.Subscribe(new string[] { "hello/world" }, new byte[] { MqttMsgBase.QOS_LEVEL_EXACTLY_ONCE }); 

	}
	void client_MqttMsgPublishReceived(object sender, MqttMsgPublishEventArgs e) 
	{ 

		Debug.Log("Received: " + System.Text.Encoding.UTF8.GetString(e.Message)  );
	} 

	void OnGUI(){
		if ( GUI.Button (new Rect (20,40,80,20), "Level 1")) {
			Debug.Log("sending...");
			client.Publish("hello/world", System.Text.Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes("Sending from Unity3D!!!"), MqttMsgBase.QOS_LEVEL_EXACTLY_ONCE, true);
			Debug.Log("sent");
		}
	}
	// Update is called once per frame
	void Update () {



	}
}
   The point where we need to change the part in the code is here. The client will be dircted towards our channel client = new MqttClient("iot.eclipse.org", 1883, false, null);
 Now we subscribe to the channel // subscribe to the topic "/home/temperature" with QoS 2 
        client.Subscribe(new string[] { "rupam/data" }, new byte[] { MqttMsgBase.QOS_LEVEL_EXACTLY_ONCE });   The updated mqttclient cs file     using UnityEngine;
using System.Collections;
using System.Net;
using uPLibrary.Networking.M2Mqtt;
using uPLibrary.Networking.M2Mqtt.Messages;
using uPLibrary.Networking.M2Mqtt.Utility;
using uPLibrary.Networking.M2Mqtt.Exceptions;

using System;

public class mqttTest : MonoBehaviour {
	private MqttClient client;
	// Use this for initialization
	void Start () {
        // create client instance 
        client = new MqttClient("iot.eclipse.org", 1883, false, null);

        // register to message received 
        client.MqttMsgPublishReceived += client_MqttMsgPublishReceived; 
		
		string clientId = Guid.NewGuid().ToString(); 
		client.Connect(clientId);

        // subscribe to the topic "/home/temperature" with QoS 2 
        client.Subscribe(new string[] { "rupam/ar" }, new byte[] { MqttMsgBase.QOS_LEVEL_EXACTLY_ONCE });


    }
    string msg = "";
    public static int Num = -1;
    void client_MqttMsgPublishReceived(object sender, MqttMsgPublishEventArgs e) 
	{
        try
        {
            msg = System.Text.Encoding.UTF8.GetString(e.Message).Trim();

            
            if (msg.Equals("STOP"))
            {
                //Num = 4;
                player.LR = -1;
                player.FR = -1;
                
            }
            if (msg.Equals("NO"))
            {
                player.LR = -1;
            }
            if (msg.Equals("FORWARD"))
            {
                player.FR=1;
            }
            if (msg.Equals("REVERSE"))
            {
                player.FR=0;
                Debug.Log("REVERSE");
            }
            if (msg.Equals("LEFT"))
            {
                player.LR = 3;
            }
            if (msg.Equals("RIGHT"))
            {
                player.LR = 2;
            }
            if (msg.Equals("JUMP"))
            {
                player.jump = true;
            }
            if (Num != -1)
             player.Num = Num;

        }
        catch
        {

        }

        Debug.Log("Received: " + msg+" Num="+Num  );
	} 

	void OnGUI(){
		if ( GUI.Button (new Rect (20,40,80,20), "Level 1")) {
            Debug.Log("sending...");
            client.Publish("hello/world", System.Text.Encoding.UTF8.GetBytes("Sending from Unity3D!!!"), MqttMsgBase.QOS_LEVEL_EXACTLY_ONCE, true);
            Debug.Log("sent");
        }
	}
	// Update is called once per frame
	void Update () {
        if (Num != -1)
            Debug.Log("Updating..." + Num);




    }
}
 The key point of the updated code is msg = System.Text.Encoding.UTF8.GetString(e.Message).Trim(); where we encode the message and trim it.It helps for recognizing the messages that are sent via mqtt in faster manner.And the place where we have handled the movements is the crux for the project.Stress upon the mapping part of the code where we exchange the commands of mqtt.   Now let's look at the changes we did to main player script. For forward and Left values of the player we have assigned a value of -1. For multiple walk movements together we have used inputH and inputV values respond to the mqtt commands. using System.Collections;

public class player : MonoBehaviour {
    //internal static int Num;
    public Animator anim;
	public Rigidbody rbody;


	private float inputH;
	private float inputV;
	private bool run;
    public static int Num=-1;
    public static int FR = -1;
    public static int LR = -1;
    public static bool jump = false;
    // Use this for initialization
    void Start () 
	{
		anim = GetComponent<animator>();
		rbody = GetComponent<rigidbody>();
		run = false;
	}
	
	// Update is called once per frame
	void Update () 
	{
		if(Input.GetKeyDown("1"))
		{
			anim.Play("WAIT01",-1,0f);
		}
		if(Input.GetKeyDown("2"))
		{
			anim.Play("WAIT02",-1,0f);
		}
		if(Input.GetKeyDown("3"))
		{
			anim.Play("WAIT03",-1,0f);
		}
		if(Input.GetKeyDown("4"))
		{
			anim.Play("WAIT04",-1,0f);
		}

		if(Input.GetMouseButtonDown(0))
		{
			int n = Random.Range(0,2);

			if(n == 0)
			{
				anim.Play ("DAMAGED00",-1,0f);
			}
			else
			{
				anim.Play ("DAMAGED01",-1,0f);
			}
		}

		if(Input.GetKey(KeyCode.LeftShift))
		{
			run = true;
		}
		else
		{
			run = false;
		}

		if(Input.GetKey(KeyCode.Space))
		{
			anim.SetBool("jump",true);
		}
		else
		{
			anim.SetBool("jump", false);
		}

		inputH = Input.GetAxis ("Horizontal");
		inputV = Input.GetAxis ("Vertical");
        if (FR == 0)
        {
            inputV = -1f;

        }
        if( FR == 1)
        {
            inputV = 1f;

        }
        if (LR == 2)
        {
            inputH = -1;

        }
        if (LR == 3)
        {
            inputH = 1;

        }
        if (LR== -1)
        {
            //Num = -1;
           // mqttTest.Num = -1;
         //   inputH = 0;
        }
        if(FR==-1)
        {
            //inputV = 0;
            //mqttTest.Num = -1;
        }
        if(jump)
        {
            anim.SetBool("jump", true);
           
        }
        else
        {
            anim.SetBool("jump", false);
        }

        anim.SetFloat("inputH",inputH);
		anim.SetFloat("inputV",inputV);
		anim.SetBool ("run",run);

		float moveX = inputH*20f*Time.deltaTime;
		float moveZ = inputV*50f*Time.deltaTime;

		

		rbody.velocity = new Vector3(moveX,0f,moveZ);

        if (jump)
        {
            jump = false;
            Debug.Log("inputH=" + inputH + " inputV=" + inputV + " dt" + Time.deltaTime + "Num " + Num + " movZ:" + moveZ + "movX:" + moveX);
        }

    }
}





</rigidbody> This part of the code allows us to connect to MQTT and use the service.   Google Cardboard Integration Integration to Google Cardboard was the final thing as Microsoft Hololens didn't support the MQTT hence decided to settle down with Google Cardboard.At first we started we were hoping where do we start but found the Unity starting point at Google Cardboard link.   Now we need to go to the Git repo to download it. Save the download.Then extract it.   Now you need to import he google cardboard package in unity. The scene that we used for our experimenting and integration purpose was the headset demo scene which had all the requirements fullfilled for our work. The most important part for our scene was camera integration in terms of VR perspective.Then additional setup for thr scene.Let's start with it.In our scene the first thing that was to be copied was GVR reticle.The GVR reticle needs to be attached to the main camera.Next we had to to copy GVR View main,floor canvas,event system and overlay canvas. After copying our scene looked like this while running. Now we are good to go with Google cardboard the scene is compatible now with google cardboard. We will now make the apk for the project.First of all we need to change the build configuration for the project to android. Now when we work on the build its tarts compiling and building for android. After the compiling process is over an apk file is created. Controlling The Puppet With hardware Now that we have added Mqtt gateway into the project, it's time to control it. For an Android based control, all you have to do is to generate Mqtt commands intuitively from the Android app. We have shows how a simple Mqtt based remote control can be created in this article. Please refer the article and download the app. Android Mqtt remote control ( YouCar Project) Controlling The Puppet with Gesture You can also use custom gestures for controlling the puppet.Please refer to this section of  YouCar. You need to change the Mqtt channel. Keep the channel specific to your project or user so that when other users are using your app, their command doesn't interfare with the current user's command.We tried the gesture part (Intel Realsense)with both of us(me and Rupam far apart in different places in India one in eastern part and other in southern part we came up pretty interesting results.We were able to control unity character(or puppet) still far apart and that's the power of mqtt. The pictures as using exchange using teamviewer. Controlling Puppet With Intel Edison IoT Device This part was worked upon by our other co-author Moumita Das and she created the different gestures for using with Intel Edison.Finally those gestures are mapped by mqtt to use as a wearable for our project. Please refer to this article on Accelerometer based gesture recognition in Intel Edison by Moumita Das  for understanding the circuit and the code for gesture recognition and integrating IoT device gesture into the context of the current app. That article elaborates UP, DOWN, LEFT and RIGHT gestures. You can easily integrate FORWARD and REVERSE gesture with the framework and use that in current context.  Why the Hololens experiment failed   We don't have a hololens device but we are extensively working on the hololens emulator(love to have one if somebody sponsors it :-) ) and have done lot of work reagerding it.We are also working on a book for hololens.First our idea was to get hold of the hololens Origami project.Each and every project I built was on top of it.Some recent experiment pictures. When the project runs in emulator it gives the same unity splash screen. Lastly we made a game with spatial mapping where we air tap(gesture) balls fall and we score points in free space where the holograms are placed. Finally we thought we will bring the same expertise to work but didn't work.The general case was the .net framework for unity(3.5) mqqt was not ready to be referenced and we were unable to add the mqtt framework to it.We searched a lot in internet but we were unable to find the right answers.Some of the fellows at unity forum suggested that we can add the framework if we had the IL2CPP backend. But that extension is not there in the hololens technical preview. The il2cpp backend is not available till now and hence we couldn't do it.We are keep on trying it and will ofcourse take different routes too.In the next bloack diagram we show the entire workflow we tried for hololens and where it failed.   Conclusion   After the complete experiment we have made a complete framework for Unity which can be extended to other games easily(we will be doing it) and can controlled by gestures,phones and other wearable device anywhere the only coonected medium required is internet.It was a fascinating experience.   History   Keep a running update of any changes or improvements you've made here. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Authors Grasshopper.iics CEO Integrated Ideas India gasshopper.iics is a group of like minded programmers and learners in codeproject. The basic objective is to keep in touch and be notified while a member contributes an article, to check out with technology and share what we know. We are the "students" of codeproject. This group is managed by Rupam Das, an active author here. Other Notable members include Ranjan who extends his helping hands to invaluable number of authors in their articles and writes some great articles himself. Rupam Das is mentor of Grasshopper Network,founder and CEO of Integrated Ideas Consultancy Services, a research consultancy firm in India. He has been part of projects in several technologies including Matlab, C#, Android, OpenCV, Drupal, Omnet++, legacy C, vb, gcc, NS-2, Arduino, Raspberry-PI. Off late he has made peace with the fact that he loves C# more than anything else but is still struck in legacy style of coding. Rupam loves algorithm and prefers Image processing, Artificial Intelligence and Bio-medical Engineering over other technologies. He is frustrated with his poor writing and "grammer" skills but happy that coding polishes these frustrations. Group type: Organisation 118 members Abhishek Nandy Software Developer India I am into software Development for less than a year and i have participated in 2 contests here at Codeproject:-Intel App Innovation Contest 2012 and Windows Azure Developer Challenge and been finalist at App Innovation contest App Submission award winner as well won two spot prizes for Azure Developer Challenge.I am also a finalist at Intel Perceptual Challenge Stage 2 with 6 entries nominated.I also won 2nd prize for Ultrabook article contest from CodeProject Link:- http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/523105/Ultrabook-Development-My-Way Microsoft MVA Fast Track Challenge Global Winner. Ocutag App Challenge 2013 Finalist. My work at Intel AppUp Store:- UltraSensors:- http://www.appup.com/app-details/ultrasensors UltraKnowHow:- http://www.appup.com/app-details/ultraknowhow Moumita Das Software Developer Integrated Ideas India No Biography provided You may also be interested in... Connecting Intel® RealSense™ 3D Camera With the Intel® Edison - JavaScript Intel Edison® to Microsoft Azure Part 1 Using Intel® RealSense™ Technology in combination with the Intel® Edison Development Platform Predicting User Activity in Devices Using an Accelerometer with the Intel® Edison Board Arduino 101 Bluetooth Low Energy SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Comments and Discussions   First Prev Next My vote of 5 DrBill378-Aug-16 9:30 DrBill37 8-Aug-16 9:30  Integrations such as this require real patience -good job. What would be nice would be a youtube video showing the resulting gesture-controlled animation. Re: My vote of 5 Grasshopper.iics8-Aug-16 15:24 Grasshopper.iics 8-Aug-16 15:24  Thanks for your encouragement and valuable suggestions. Honestly speaking we wanted to place the video right with the article, but we ran out of time due to contest deadline as we were working on about 10 more article. We will surely put up the video in a day or two. Thanks again. Re: My vote of 5 Grasshopper.iics11-Aug-16 6:10 Grasshopper.iics 11-Aug-16 6:10  Hi. We have added the video demo as suggested by you. Hope you like the demo Re: My vote of 5 DrBill3711-Aug-16 8:09 DrBill37 11-Aug-16 8:09  Hi Guys -Thanks for adding this, but the video you posted currently seems to be down. I get an error screen when I attempt to view it. This may be a temporary problem so I will try again later. Re: My vote of 5 Grasshopper.iics11-Aug-16 11:38 Grasshopper.iics 11-Aug-16 11:38  The problem was with tag. It should be fine now. Re: My vote of 5 DrBill3711-Aug-16 16:49 DrBill37 11-Aug-16 16:49  Ah ok, it works now. Very nicely done -the video shows your project in action which helps to tie it all together. Lots of possibilities. Keep up the great work. My Vote 5 Chrris Dale7-Aug-16 14:20 Chrris Dale 7-Aug-16 14:20  Nice modified 7-Aug-16 19:27pm. Last Visit: 31-Dec-99 19:00     Last Update: 23-Nov-16 2:53 Refresh 1 General    News    Suggestion    Question    Bug    Answer    Joke    Praise    Rant    Admin    Use Ctrl+Left/Right to switch messages, Ctrl+Up/Down to switch threads, Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right to switch pages. Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web01 | 2.8.161122.1 | Last Updated 7 Aug 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Grasshopper.iics, Abhishek Nandy, Moumita Das Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
Skip to main content e-Paper Newsletter Advertisement Contact Newspaper Business Opinion Sports A & E Lifestyle Bytes Showbiz Shout epaper All Sections Multimedia Video Stories World Star Weekend Spaces Shift Next Step In Focus Literature Book Reviews Health Science Law & Our Rights Wide Angle Environment Travel City Country Supplements Round Tables Home Business Telecom 12:00 AM, August 07, 2016 / LAST MODIFIED: 12:36 AM, August 07, 2016 Bangladesh on track to digitisation Houlin Zhao, secretary general of ITU, and Augie K Fabela, co-founder of VimpelCom, speak on Bangladesh's growing digital footprints 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link From left, Augie K Fabela, co-founder of VimpelCom, Banglalink's parent company, and Houlin Zhao, secretary general of International Telecommunication Union, are seen with Erik Aas, chief executive of Banglalink. Banglalink Muhammad Zahidul Islam The international community is impressed with the progress made by Bangladesh in digitisation, said two top telecom experts. Houlin Zhao, secretary general of International Telecommunication Union, and Augie K Fabela, co-founder of VimpelCom, Banglalink's parent company, sat down with The Daily Star for a joint interview on the sidelines of the inauguration ceremony of the country's first 'IT Incubator'. The IT Incubator was set up by Banglalink at Janata Tower Software Technology Park at Karwan Bazar under a government project that promotes startups in information technology. While Bangladesh is on track to becoming a digital country, it needs to increase the participation of small- and medium-enterprises and startups in economic activities, they said. Even Facebook and Google were start-ups 15-20 years ago. “Now, they have become global tech giants,” Zhao said. “If they can get this much success then why not the developing world's youth? They can also develop the next Facebook or Google from their home.” Though Facebook and Google are big companies, they need support from small and medium companies and the bright youths of Bangladesh can serve them by sitting at home. The Bangladeshi government is very supportive of the SMEs and startups, which is commendable, Zhao added. The ITU secretary general said it is not easy to establish big companies in developing countries. “From ITU we can also present young startups on the global platform and place their success stories so that they can tie up with good partners.” Zhao has visited Bangladesh three times already and every time he saw positive developments. “Bangladeshi people are doing extremely well -- better than our expectations.” Citing the case of 'Infolady', he urged the government to support projects of that kind in order to bring significant changes in society. He also said the Bangladesh government should give more importance to public private partnerships for building digital infrastructure. Banglalink and VimpelCom have plans to groom local youths in cooperation with the ICT ministry to give the sector a boost, Fabela said. More than 20,000 students participated in Banglalink's Grandmaster idea contest, which sought ideas for mobile applications that can change the lives of millions.  In another 'Digital Bangladesh' initiative, over 300,000 students across the country were educated through Banglalink's nationwide internet awareness campaign. “I think the ecosystem is almost ready. If we get spectrum neutrality, service will be easier to get and more people will come on board the digital platform,” he said, adding that 4G service will accelerate the process. The VimpelCom boss said they plan to partner with the local authorities to accelerate the 'Digital Bangladesh' vision. “We believe that offering digital services is the path to the future.” To become a digital service provider, the right skills are a must. “That is why the company will focus on building and attracting the right digital skills to better serve its customers and training its staff to be truly digitally savvy.” Fabela also believes that a digital culture and the right mindset are essential. Employees of Banglalink, the second largest mobile operator after Grameenphone, will be encouraged not to shy away from going into uncharted territories to better serve its customers. Fabela called upon the government to allow the mobile phone operators to offer financial services as well. VimpelCom has operations in 18 other countries and in all of them they offer mobile financial services. “If we get the chance to operate MFS the business processing sector will also flourish,” Fabela said, adding that Banglalink can provide greater security to customers' money and prevent illegal fund transfers. About the proposed merger of Robi-Airtel, he said they are welcoming competition and will keep on doing their best to secure their position in the market. However, he believes the merger will change the landscape of the country's telecom sector. To secure its position, VimpelCom will likely have to make further investments. About the government move to introduce mobile number portability, Fabela welcomed it, saying it will give customers the freedom to choose their desired network. “Banglalink is expecting a good competition as once MNP starts the operators will have to attract customers by their offerings and benefits.” Zhao also appreciated the government's satellite initiative, saying it was a desperately needed equipment to make Bangladesh a digital country. “Though there are some unresolved issues about the satellite orbital slot with Bangladesh and some other countries, ITU can help resolve it within a short time.” Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action. Leave your comments Comment Policy Top News View More Most Popular Stories Popular In Business Certificates of 18 private universities declared illegal Pakistan wants Rs 9b from Bangladesh 18,973 pass in 13th NTRCA written tests UN urges Bangladesh to keep Myanmar border open Malaysia to hire Bangladeshi workers in 3 sectors Bangladesh Navy gets 2 submarines Think twice before you marry a cousin Girl in hijab reports intimidation following US polls Light tremor shakes Dhaka Are you serious, Pakistan? Pran-RFL sets sights on global domination Robi, Airtel complete merger Bangladesh can become export powerhouse: WB report Grameenphone expands its market footprints Bangladesh receives Bangabandhu-1 Satellite replica Govt plans to cut fuel prices Get ready for GSP Plus: EU Steel production to jump on big infrastructure projects Fuel price to go down, electricity to up: Muhith Loans historically cheap, but not many takers 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Top News View More More from Telecom Robi, Airtel complete merger GP refuses to pay Tk 30cr fine for broadband service Internet monitoring beefed up to thwart cyber attacks: Minister Citycell to stay for now upon fresh bounds SC order on reinstating Citycell’s spectrum Thursday In case you missed it Bangabandhu satellite project wins int'l award Time to declare Turag dead Let the salute remain a mystery The ancient fort city in the North Who cares about Sundarbans? Multimedia you may like England tour of Bangladesh, 2nd Test England tour of Bangladesh, 3rd ODI Sports in Pictures Floating schools gear up education for underprivileged ‘Chalanbeel’ kids Opening ceremony Attack during Sholakia Eid prayers facebook twitter Instagram google plus youtube About Us Contact Us SMS Subscription Apps Comment Policy RSS Sitemap Advertisement Newsletter Conference Hall Archives © 2016 / thedailystar.net | Powered By: RSI LAB Top
CLOSE Delete Read Unread Autoblog Alerts You don't have any subscriptions. Look for the around the site to subscribe to the topics of your choice. Autoblog Alerts Want to get notified as soon as we write about the topics you're interested in? Click here to sign in and then look for the around the site to subscribe to those topics. Autoblog Alerts Thanks for subscribing to Autoblog Alerts! As content is published, we'll send it right to you. If you ever need to make changes, you can manage your alerts by clicking MANAGE below. Fetching your alerts. Please wait... Manage New Cars New Cars Hub Models & Styles Car Buying Guides Car Finder Compare Cars Best Deals Dealer Directory Car Loans Research Tools For Sale For Sale Hub Cars for Sale Calculators Certified Pre-Owned Book Values Rebates & Incentives News & Reviews News & Reviews Hub Autoblog Reviews Owner Reviews Auto Shows Photos News by Make News by Category Press Releases News Archive Ownership Ownership Hub Recalls Safety Repair & Maintenance Repair Shops Gas Prices Sell Your Vehicle Insurance Insurance Quotes Videos Videos Translogic The List Car Club USA Autoblog Details Autoblog Wrenched Short Cuts Autoblog Minute Store Car Care Oils & Fluids Performance Tools More Parts & Accessories + Specs & Reviews Cars for Sale Specs & Reviews Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs & Reviews Cars For Sale Select a Make Select a Model Go or Select a Style Convertible Coupe Crossover Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Minivan Sedan SUV Performance Truck Van Wagon New Used Certified Pre-Owned CPO Select a Make Select a Model Go Shop Specs / Reviews For Sale This page is for personal, non-commercial use. You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues, customers, or clients, by visiting http://www.autobloglicensing.com Official Official Aug 6th 2016 at 2:00PM Add Subscribe Chris Urmson leaves Google's self-driving car project facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Engadget After seven and a half years working on self-driving car tech for Google/Alphabet, Chris Urmson announced his departure from the team in a blog post tonight. He took over as director after Google X founder Sebastian Thrun left in 2013, and led until Google hired former Hyundai exec John Krafcik as the CEO of its car division. The New York Times reports Urmson was unhappy with the recent direction of the project under Krafcik and had "quarreled" with Larry Page, however his post simply says he's "ready for a fresh challenge." Autonomous driving tech has come a long way since the first time we saw the fruits of Google's labor, and a partnership with Chrysler indicates it has entered a much more practical phase of development. Urmson joined Google after working on self-driving tech at Carnegie Mellon to win DARPA challenges, and watched the project go from a goal of 100,000 miles self-driven to completing 1.8 million miles (with a few accidents, usually caused by human drivers). There's no indication on what's next, but he says "If I can find another project that turns into an obsession and becomes something more, I will consider myself twice lucky." Related Video: This article by Richard Lawler originally ran on Engadget, the definitive guide to this connected life. News Source: Chris Urmson via Medium Image Credit: Elijah Nouvelage / Reuters Create alerts for any tag below Subscribe Green Hirings/Firings/Layoffs Transportation Alternatives Technology Autonomous alphabet autonomous chris urmson google official self-driving facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License I'm reporting this comment as: Rude or offensive Not constructive / off-topic Sexual content Spam or misleading Other Reported comments and users are reviewed by Autoblog staff 24 hours a day, seven days a week to determine whether they violate Community Guideline. Accounts are penalized for Community Guidelines violations and serious or repeated violations can lead to account termination. Submit Login Logout Post Reply 1 Second Ago Read All 0 Delete Report Reply Trending Here are the least-reliable vehicles in America 2018 Jeep Wrangler: Everything we know 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Is it time to buy a Pontiac Aztek? Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Most and least efficient car companies Here are the least-reliable vehicles in America 2018 Jeep Wrangler: Everything we know 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Is it time to buy a Pontiac Aztek? Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Most and least efficient car companies Follow Us Tech News The Tech of Automobility LA 2016 | Translogic 211 The government wants phone makers to create an Airplane Mode for drivers Tesla and SolarCity electrify a small island in the South Pacific View more From Our Partners You May Like Links by Zergnet Shop Books Far and Wide: Bring That Horizon to Me! The Toyota Way: 14 Management Principles from the World's Greatest Manufacturer Supercars 2017: 16-Month Calendar September 2016 through December 2017 The Truck Book Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Parts & Accessories TEKTON 5941 Digital Tire Gauge, 100 PSI Elf on The Shelf Plush Dolls, One Set STA-BIL 22207 Fuel Stabilizer - 16 oz. SYLVANIA 9003 (also fits H4) SilverStar zXe High Performance Halogen Headlight Bulb, (Contains 2 ... Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Merchandise Mictuning Universal Rocker Style Car USB Charger - with Green LED Light Dual USB Power Socket for... XT AUTO Green 12v 15 Led 30cm Car Flexible Waterproof Underbody Light Strip Pack of 20 Jtech 10x 194 168 2825 T10 5-SMD Green LED Car Lights Bulb Green Clean Automotive - Quick Wax Superior - Best Ecological Car Care Product - Powerful and Eff... Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Movies High School Musical (Two-Disc Remix Edition) Supercross Kings BMX Bandits / Evel Knievel Double Feature I Want to Learn Sign Language: Everyday Sign Language Lessons For Children 5-12 (Volume 1) [VHS] Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Videos The Tech of Automobility LA 2016 | Translogic 211Watch Video Watch a WW1 fighter's synchronization gear fire bullets between the propellerWatch Video Tour the Mercedes-Benz Museum in Stuttgart, Germany | Autoblog VRWatch Video Zero Motorcycles get torqued up for 2017 [w/video]Watch Video Jaguar brings the new XKSS to Jay Leno's GarageWatch Video The Alfa Giulia Quadrifoglio set a lap record at Silverstone with someone driving blindWatch Video Jay Leno and McDreamy drive a classic 911 2.7 RS on a racetrackWatch Video Riding along in the new Chevrolet Colorado ZR2 at the LA Auto ShowWatch Video We obsessively covered the 2016 LA Auto ShowWatch Video A look back on the final season of Top Gear with Clarkson, Hammond, and MayWatch Video × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Select one or more topics to subscribe to: Green Green Hirings/Firings/Layoffs Hirings/Firings/Layoffs Transportation Alternatives Transportation Alternatives Technology Technology Autonomous Autonomous alphabet alphabet autonomous autonomous chris urmson chris urmson google google official official self-driving self-driving Select one or more of the following methods to receive alerts: Email Instant Daily Weekly This email address will be used for all of your alerts. On Site Text This phone number will be used for all of your alerts. Msg&Data rates may apply. Manage Clear × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Thanks! Your alerts preferences have been saved. Manage Close × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Verify Phone Number You must verify your phone number in order to begin receiving text alerts. We will send a verification code shortly to your phone via text. Enter it below and click "Verify". Didn't receive a code? Resend it Verify Cancel Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Contact Tip Us Feedback Licensing Our Apps Autoblog 360 Autoblog iPhone Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcasts On iTunes Archives Advertising About Ads Advertise With Us Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks © Copyright 2016 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved × Login Please login using one of the following services: Share This Photo X Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Reddit Linkedin Pinterest X Login Please select an option before voting. Okay
null
null
Package Index Browse packages Package submission List trove classifiers RSS (latest 40 updates) RSS (newest 40 packages) PyPI Tutorial PyPI Security PyPI Support PyPI Bug Reports PyPI Discussion PyPI Developer Info About News Documentation Download Community Foundation Core Development Package Index > sphinxcontrib-napoleon > 0.5.3 Not Logged In Login Register Lost Login? Use OpenID Login with Google sphinxcontrib-napoleon 0.5.3 Downloads ↓ Sphinx "napoleon" extension. Latest Version: 0.5.4 Note As of Sphinx 1.3, the napoleon extension will come packaged with Sphinx under sphinx.ext.napoleon. The sphinxcontrib.napoleon extension will continue to work with Sphinx <= 1.2. Are you tired of writing docstrings that look like this: :param path: The path of the file to wrap
:type path: str
:param field_storage: The :class:`FileStorage` instance to wrap
:type field_storage: FileStorage
:param temporary: Whether or not to delete the file when the File
   instance is destructed
:type temporary: bool
:returns: A buffered writable file descriptor
:rtype: BufferedFileStorage
 ReStructuredText is great, but it creates visually dense, hard to read docstrings. Compare the jumble above to the same thing rewritten according to the Google Python Style Guide: Args:
    path (str): The path of the file to wrap
    field_storage (FileStorage): The :class:`FileStorage` instance to wrap
    temporary (bool): Whether or not to delete the file when the File
       instance is destructed

Returns:
    BufferedFileStorage: A buffered writable file descriptor
 Much more legible, no? Napoleon is a Sphinx extension that enables Sphinx to parse both NumPy and Google style docstrings - the style recommended by Khan Academy. Napoleon is a pre-processor that parses NumPy and Google style docstrings and converts them to reStructuredText before Sphinx attempts to parse them. This happens in an intermediate step while Sphinx is processing the documentation, so it doesn’t modify any of the docstrings in your actual source code files. Getting Started Install the napoleon extension: $ pip install sphinxcontrib-napoleon
 After setting up Sphinx to build your docs, enable napoleon in the Sphinx conf.py file: # conf.py

# Add autodoc and napoleon to the extensions list
extensions = ['sphinx.ext.autodoc', 'sphinxcontrib.napoleon']
 Use sphinx-apidoc to build your API documentation: $ sphinx-apidoc -f -o docs/source projectdir
 Docstrings Napoleon interprets every docstring that Sphinx autodoc can find, including docstrings on: modules, classes, attributes, methods, functions, and variables. Inside each docstring, specially formatted Sections are parsed and converted to reStructuredText. All standard reStructuredText formatting still works as expected. Docstring Sections All of the following section headers are supported: Args (alias of Parameters) Arguments (alias of Parameters) Attributes Example Examples Keyword Args (alias of Keyword Arguments) Keyword Arguments Methods Note Notes Other Parameters Parameters Return (alias of Returns) Returns Raises References See Also Warning Warnings (alias of Warning) Warns Yield (alias of Yields) Yields Google vs NumPy Napoleon supports two styles of docstrings: Google and NumPy. The main difference between the two styles is that Google uses indention to separate sections, whereas NumPy uses underlines. Google style: def func(arg1, arg2):
    """Summary line.

    Extended description of function.

    Args:
        arg1 (int): Description of arg1
        arg2 (str): Description of arg2

    Returns:
        bool: Description of return value

    """
    return True
 NumPy style: def func(arg1, arg2):
    """Summary line.

    Extended description of function.

    Parameters
    ----------
    arg1 : int
        Description of arg1
    arg2 : str
        Description of arg2

    Returns
    -------
    bool
        Description of return value

    """
    return True
 NumPy style tends to require more vertical space, whereas Google style tends to use more horizontal space. Google style tends to be easier to read for short and simple docstrings, whereas NumPy style tends be easier to read for long and in-depth docstrings. The Khan Academy recommends using Google style. The choice between styles is largely aesthetic, but the two styles should not be mixed. Choose one style for your project and be consistent with it. For full documentation see https://sphinxcontrib-napoleon.readthedocs.io   File Type Py Version Uploaded on Size sphinxcontrib-napoleon-0.5.3.tar.gz (md5) Source 2016-08-06 24KB sphinxcontrib_napoleon-0.5.3-py2.py3-none-any.whl (md5) Python Wheel py2.py3 2016-08-06 24KB Author: Rob Ruana Home Page: https://sphinxcontrib-napoleon.readthedocs.io Download URL: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/sphinxcontrib-napoleon License: BSD Platform: any Categories Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable Environment :: Console Environment :: Web Environment Framework :: Sphinx Framework :: Sphinx :: Extension Intended Audience :: Developers License :: OSI Approved :: BSD License Operating System :: OS Independent Programming Language :: Python Programming Language :: Python :: 2 Programming Language :: Python :: 3 Topic :: Documentation Topic :: Utilities Requires Distributions six (>=1.5.2) pockets (>=0.3) Package Index Owner: RobRuana DOAP record: sphinxcontrib-napoleon-0.5.3.xml Website maintained by the Python community Real-time CDN by Fastly / Hosting by Rackspace Object storage by Amazon S3 / Design by Tim Parkin Copyright © 1990-2016, Python Software Foundation Legal Statements
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us The best way to back up all your photos and videos on Android +31,100 Chris Chavez Aug 6th, 2016 Not every device these days comes with ample internal storage. Whether your Android phone is close to getting max’d out or giving you the dreaded “low storage space” warning message — you’re going to need to back things up. It’s also important in the event your phone ever goes missing, is stolen, or it’s simply time to upgrade to something new. While there are various apps and services you could use to backup your media to the cloud, without a doubt one of the easiest (and most affordable) is by using Google Photos. Google Photos offers unlimited high-quality photo backups (and videos up to 1080p), making it the perfect solution for offloading all those photos and videos using up your precious internal storage. Since Google Photos comes pre-installed on most Android devices, it should already be in your app drawer under “Photos.” If it’s not already on your device, you can download it from the Google Play Store right here. Back up your camera roll When you first open Photos, you’ll be presented with a chronological timeline of your camera roll — everything that’s both stored on your phone and media that’s been backed up to Photos in the cloud. To enable the backing up of photos and videos from your camera roll, you’ll first need to turn it on. You can do this by following these simple steps: Open the Photos app Open the slide out menu by swiping from the left edge of the screen Tap on Settings Select Back up & sync Tap the Back up & sync switch to turn it on It doesn’t work right away. You’ll first have to wait until you’re connected to WiFi before a backup takes place. There are settings to change this, with the option to start backing up as soon as a photo is taken via a cellular connection (photos or videos) but only recommended if you have an unlimited data plan. You can also set it so that backups only take place while your phone is charging, something that can help conserve battery life and gives you a little time to manage photos before they’re sent to the cloud. Back up other folders on your device Keep in mind that enabling back up & sync will only back up photos & videos taken with your camera app — not all the things you’ve downloaded online or from messaging apps, emails, or social networks. To back those up, you’ll need to select do the following: Select Back up device folders Tap on the names of folders you also want backed up Or… Open the Photos app Open the slide out menu by swiping from the left edge of the screen Tap on Device folders Tap on the cloud icon to back up specific folders Backed up folders will have a blue highlighted cloud icon How do I know if my photos have been backed up? The main Photos section shows you all the photos/videos taken from your camera roll — and the folders you’ve chosen to back up — in perfect chronological order. If you see a photo or video here, it’s already backed up to your account. The exception to this being photos/videos with the circular arrow icon in the bottom right corner. This means these photos/videos are either in the process of being synced, or waiting for the correct connection settings (WiFi, while charging, etc.) before being uploaded. Since these aren’t backed up yet, you may want to wait until the arrows icon disappear before factory resetting your device or deleting them from a separate gallery app. Delete photos/videos from your phone that have already been backed up Although not everyone will want to go this route, for many, the main reason they’re even using Photo is because they’re running out of space on their phone. For those, Google makes it super easy to free up precious internal storage by deleting the media you’ve already been backed up to your account. You just have to enable it. It’s called Free up device storage and can be located in the Photo settings. When selected, Photos will ask you to confirm you’d like to delete your photos & videos that have already been safely backed up to the cloud. Once selected, sit back and wait while Photos does all the work for you. Additional settings, features, and tools Once backed up to Google Photos, all your photos will be stored in the cloud and immediately accessible from all your devices, computers, or other web connected devices. The benefit of having your photos backed up to your Google Photos account means you can easily share these photos, videos, and album collections with others, then collaborate or access them from any internet connected device via the app or website. It’s more than just backup. Google Photos offers a plethora of features and tools to take advantage of. Here are a few: Visual Search – Photos are automatically searchable by the people, places and things in them. Try searching “dog,” “food,” or a specific place to pull up relevant photos. Bring photos to life – Photos will automatically create montage movies, interactive stories, collages, animations, panoramas, and more from your photos. You can also create them yourself by tapping the “+” button. Easy editing – Photos features powerful, easy to use photo editing tools to apply filters or adjust the image however you like. Shared albums – By adding friends or family to a shared album, you can compile all your photos from an event into one single place. Instant sharing – Photos and videos can instantly be shared with anyone by tapping the “Create Link” button and sharing it with whomever you like. Rediscover your photos -The “Assistant” feature in Photos can automatically create collages of your old photos, or help you relive the past by pulling up old ones. Ready to Cast – With Chromecast support, it’s easy to cast all your photos and videos to your TV. And of course… Unlimited free high quality storage – All of your photos and videos are stored safely in the cloud and viewable via the app or on the web at photos.google.com. Free up space on your device – Never worry about your smartphone or tablet running out of storage with the ability to remove media that’s already been backed up. ****** And that’s all there is to it. Photo and video backup shouldn’t be something you have to worry about on Android and Google Photos makes the whole process easy and painless. Should you decide you’d like to save your photos and video in their full, original quality, you also have that option but should definitely consider upgrading your Google Drive Storage first. For the vast majority of folks, Google Photos should fulfill the need to keep all their photos and video backed up safely in the cloud. Download on Google Play: Google Photos local_offer    Google+ Photos   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (16) stars Further Reading Google releases PhotoScan by Google Photos Google Photos adds slideshow functionality Google adds location to photos Nexus users to get exclusive Google Photos perk Google Photos update lets you comment on photos stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertPokémon GO makes big changes CP levels closePokémon GO is making big changes to the CP levels of your favorite Pokémon Pokemon GO is bring big changes to the balancing of the game by tweaking the CP levels of some of your favorite Pokemon (for better or worse). 2 more_vertHTC may exit the mobile smartphone market closeHTC may be looking to get out of the smartphone business A new rumor suggests that HTC may be planning to sell off its mobile division due to suffering too many losses. 3 more_vertDitto is now live in Pokémon GO, here's how to catch him closeDitto is officially live in Pokémon GO, here’s how to catch him Today, Niantic has officially released Ditto into the augmented wilds of Pokemon GO. If you’re curious on how you can find him, details are provided in the post. 4 more_vertAirDroid is updated to version 4.0 closeAirDroid is updated to version 4.0 and receives a complete overhaul The AirDroid mobile application has been updated to version 4.0 and includes a complete overhaul of the interface, and adds some new features. 5 more_vertGoogle accounts suspended for reselling Pixel phones closeUnauthorized Pixel resellers denied access to their Google accounts Nearly 200 Google accounts have been suspended due to unauthorized reselling of Google’s Pixel phones. 6 more_vertBest Apps/Games Nov 18 closeTop 5 Android Apps & Games of the Week (November 18, 2016) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 7 more_vertLG may be removing a key feature from the LG V30 closeLG may be removing the best feature from its next “V” product lineup According to Evan Blass, LG will be removing the secondary display from the LG V30. This is according to early renders that were received and show the removal of the display. 8 more_vertSamsung adds Microsoft languages to Tizen closeApps for Samsung devices are about to get a lot better Samsung is inviting a new breed of developers into the Tizen family with a big announcement today. 9 more_vertFirst Huawei P10 specs and shots surface closeFirst Huawei P10 specs and shots surface Here we are: the Huawei P10, or a prototypical version of it, anyway. We’re not so far removed from the this year’s interesting P9 model that we were starved for details on the company’s next flagship, but it’s nice to get an early look regardless. 10 more_vertOnePlus 3T charging proves solid closeOnePlus 3T vs Pixel XL Charge Test: who can get to the finish line first? With the OnePlus 3T, OnePlus thought it was a good time to remind people just how good their Dash Charge technology is. That’s why they took one of the current kings of battery life — the Pixel XL — and put their own OnePlus 3T head-to-head against it. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Best augmented-reality apps Brandon Widder Digital TrendsAugust 6, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Augmented reality has long sounded like a wild futuristic concept, but the technology has actually been around for years. It becomes more robust and seamless with each passing decade, providing an astonishing means of superimposing computer-generated images atop a user’s view of reality, thus creating a composite view rooted in both real and virtual worlds. Although AR apps run the gamut, from interactive map overlays and virtual showrooms to massive multiplayer skirmishes, each piece of software hones in on smartphone GPS and camera functionality to create a more immersive experience. Related: Want to master Pokémon Go? Here’s every tip you need to know The available selection of augmented reality apps is diverse, encompassing both premium and freemium offerings from a variety of big and no-name developers, but sometimes choosing which apps are worth your smartphone or tablet’s precious memory is tougher than using the apps themselves. Here are our top picks for the best augmented reality apps available, whether you’re searching for iOS or Android apps. The best AR apps Pokémon GO (free) Pokemon Go (Android/iOS)More It wouldn’t be a list of the best AR apps without mentioning Niantic’s Pokémon Go, a game that has quickly captured everyone’s attention and given them a reason to go out into the world, walk around, and catch Pokémon. The game uses GPS to mark your location, and move your in-game avatar, while your smartphone camera is used to show Pokémon in the real world. For the most part, it works, provided the game hasn’t crashed or frozen. There aren’t a lot of instructions when you first start, or information regarding game mechanics like the colored rings around wild Pokémon, but thanks to the nature of the internet, figuring out what to do isn’t that tough. Players of Ingress, another creation from Niantic, will see many similarities between the developer’s two games, right down to the locations marked as PokéStops and Gyms. The implementation of the original 150 Pocket Monsters is definitely the biggest thing Pokémon Go has, well, going for it compared to its predecessor. Niantic is set to continue updating the game to improve its performance, however, and add new features like trading, so hopefully Pokémon Go will stick around for a good, long while. Download now for: Android iOS Ink Hunter (free) Ink Hunter is the app you should use when deciding on a tattoo and where to put it. The app lets you try out pre-made tattoos, as well as your own designs, and they can be oriented in whatever position you like and placed on any part of the body. Tattoos placed on the body using the camera look as close to real life as you’re going to get — without actually going under the needle that is — and that’s all thanks to the in-app editor and the way Ink Hunter renders tattoos. The app previously only supported black-and-white tattoos, but its latest update added support for color tattoos as well, meaning you can get a better understanding of what the design will look like before you make it permanent. Currently, Ink Hunter is only available on iOS, but there are plans for Android and Windows Phone versions. So, if you’re planning to get a tattoo sometime soon, but don’t have an Apple device, maybe consider holding off on that tattoo for a bit, or borrow a friend’s iPhone or iPad. Read More Download now for: iOS WallaMe (free) WallaMe lets you leave hidden messages in various locations around the world that can only be read by other people using the WallaMe app. When using the app, you can take a picture of a nearby wall, street, or sign, then use the in-app drawing and painting tools to create your own special messages. You can also attach pictures to the areas you’ve chosen, if only to prove you were actually there. The augmented reality really comes into play when you’re in a location that has a hidden message, but it can only be found by using WallaMe and your device’s camera. Messages can be made private, too, so that only friends using the app can see them, or they can be made public for everyone to discover. WallaMe’s biggest strength also works against it, in a way. Those that aren’t aware of the app’s existence, or those that don’t regularly use it, may never see the clever messages created by others. That being said, fans of the app may want to keep it that way, in order to maintain the feel of exclusivity. Download now for: Android iOS Star Chart (free) Star Chart may be an educational app, but it’s a really cool one that’s sure to appeal to people of all ages. When Star Chart is opened on your Android or iOS device and pointed at the sky, the app will inform you of what stars or planets you’re currently facing, even during the day when the stars are at their hardest to see. It does it all in real-time, too, without you having to press a button to initiate it. Functions don’t stop there, either, because the app can even let you know what the night sky looks like on the other side of Earth, as well as show you where in the sky your star sign is located. If that wasn’t enough, there’s a feature called Time Shift, which allows you to move up to 10,000 years forward or backward in time to see where the stars once were or will be located. Download now for: Android iOS Google Translate (free) Google Translate isn’t strictly an AR app, but it does have one AR feature that’s incredibly useful for translating text. That particular feature is part of the app’s camera mode. Simply snap a photo of the text you don’t understand, and the app will translate the text in your photo in real time. When connected to Wi-Fi, the app supports a vast number of languages — 13 of which were added in a recent update — but users can also download a number of language packs if they want to continue using the instant translation feature while offline or without a cellular connection. Next time you take a trip to a country with a language you don’t fluently speak, Google Translate could be your best friend and the very thing that will keep you from getting lost in a strange land. Download now for: Android iOS AR apps for navigation Wikitude World Browser (free) Wikitude World Browser is widely regarded as the king of all augmented reality browsers, and in a way, serves as a third eye of sorts. While using your smartphone’s camera in a given area, the virtual browser — along with more than 3,500 associated content providers — offers you just about any geographically-relevant information you may find valuable in your travels. Useful information is often presented in the form of Wikipedia articles detailing the hallmarks of a specific landmark, or directions to the nearest ATM location or five-star Italian restaurant. Moreover, the app allows users to find hotels and similar accommodations through Yelp, TripAdvisor, and the like, while offering mobile deals and coupons for local stores in the vicinity. The built-in AR games, including the rollicking Alien Attack and bug-beating Swat the Fly, and the app’s ability to mark and share your favorite spots via Facebook are merely an added bonus. Download now for: Android iOS Blackberry Windows Phone Yelp Monocle (free) Yelp Monocle (Android/iOS/Kindle)More Yelp has always been ahead of the curve. The prominent, social reviewing service provided the iPhone with its first augmented reality app in 2009, the Yelp Monocle, well before similar services began cropping up across the board. The convenient app uses your smartphone’s GPS and compass to display AR markers for nearby restaurants, bars, and other businesses in real time, each bundled with the service’s user-generated ratings and reviews. If signed up with a Yelp account, the app additionally provides directions to nearby friends and the businesses they’ve recently checked into, placing the same AR markers as previously mentioned for friends, family, colleagues, and anyone else utilizing the robust service. Monocle, although somewhat a hidden feature within Yelp, is hands down the best utility for finding and following directions to the most well-regarded, or atrocious, businesses in your local vicinity. Download now for: Android iOS Kindle Theodolite ($6) Theodolite (iOS)More Although knowing your exact latitude, longitude, and elevation when trekking through the wilderness is by no means necessary, one can’t help but be curious from time to time. Theodolite is essentially an electronic viewfinder primarily designed for hikers, golfers, hunters, boaters, and other active people, one which turns your tablet or smartphone into an informative lens of topographic information and data overlays. Once downloaded, the app serves a GPS tool, rangefinder, tracker, geo-tag camera, compass, two-axis inclinometer, and a zoom camera, and even has an A-B calculator for measuring distance, height, heading positions, relative angles, and triangulation. It’s a jack of all trades when it comes to surveying the landscape, so much so Apple highlighted Theodolite’s built-in features during one of its iconic keynote addresses in late 2013. Download now for: iOS Spyglass ($4) Spyglass (iOS)More Though the days of conquistadors and fabled explorers are far behind us, there often comes a time when a quality compass can save your neck. Being the case, the iOS-exclusive Spyglass is built from the ground up as a robust navigation toolkit, encompassing a wide swath of noteworthy tools for accurately determining your position and navigating to a set location. Rooted in a tactical GPS technology available in geo and military formats, the app includes both a MilSpec compass and gyrocompass, along with a waypoint tracker, sextant, inclinometer, speedometer, altimeter, and access to street, satellite and hybrid maps. Furthermore, users can track their position via the sun, moon and stars, or use the optical rangefinder to measure the distance to a particular object in real-time. Coupled zoom-camera functionality, a coordinate converter, and an angular calculator top off the features list, rendering Spyglass one of the most industrious iOS apps you purchases for purchase for under $5. Download now for: iOS Augmented Car Finder (free) Augmented Car Finder (iOS)More We’ve all done it before — you finish up your grocery shopping and head out into the parking lot to make your way home, but unfortunately have no idea where you parked. Fortunately, Augmented Car Finder is an app specifically designed to help guide you to your hiding vehicle. Once the car’s location is set, the app creates a visible marker showing the car, the distance you are from it, and the direction you should walk to find it. We’ve found that it’s most useful for places like stadiums, convention centers, outdoor concert venues, and other crowded areas or those lined with massive parking lots. Users can also utilize the app to find their seats in large theaters and concert halls. The freemium version of the software should suffice for most users, but the premium version does remove the ads and include additional tools for marking your favorite parking spot or specifying the arrow color. Augmented Car Finder may be an iOS exclusive, but Android users can always purchase the similarly-equipped Car Finder AR ($2.75). Download now for: iOS AR games and entertaiment Ingress (free) Google Ingress (Android)More Ingress was Google’s first entry into the AR game market, and it’s easily one of the most creative AR applications we’ve ever seen. Basically, the game is an MMO that puts players into two factions — the Enlightened and the Resistance — and has them fight for control of virtual territories in a giant game of king of the hill. Players gain a material called Exotic Matter (XM) by simply walking around, and can use that XM to take over virtual portals. When three or more portals are taken over by either team, they gain control of the area between the portals. It’s a comprehensive strategy title at its core, heavily rooted in science fiction and bolstered by a continuous open narrative, while offering the most social experience of any AR app on our list. Ingress was initially developed by Niantic as an Android exclusive, but you can get it on iOS now, too. Download now for: Android iOS SpecTrek ($3) SpecTrek (Android)More SpecTrek is an AR game that essentially brings Ghostbusters to life on your smartphone — but without all the vacuum cleaners and cheesy lines from Dan Aykroyd. The game populates your surrounding environment with virtual poltergeists and invites you to hunt down and capture them with your phone. Hold the phone flat to display an overhead map of the surrounding area, use your ghost radar to track them down, and then hold it vertically to bring up scanner mode, and capture them with your smartphone’s built-in camera. Additionally, the game offers statistics, awards, titles, records, and other in-game features, and though the coupled animation is nothing to write home about, there are far less enticing ways of killing boredom on a Sunday afternoon than gallivanting around and netting ghosts in the local park. Download now for: Android SnapShot Showroom (free) SnapShot Showroom (iOS)More Retail isn’t everyone’s cup of tea, but there will likely come a day when you’ll consider purchasing a decent sofa in lieu of the ratty, college-curated piece of work you call a couch. With SnapShop showroom, users can see what potential furniture may look like in the comfort of their living room, kitchen, bedroom, or any other desired area of their home. Once you capture an image of the room you wish to furnish, you can quickly browse and place assorted items (chairs, lamps, beds, tables, etc.) from the likes of big-name retailers like IKEA, Pier 1 Imports, Crate & Barrel, and Horchow, among others. Users can then resize the furniture, reposition it in the virtual environments, and try various patterns and color combinations until they find the right fit for their home. The furniture can even be purchased directly within the app afterward, conveniently saving you a trip to the store or the accompanying headache that goes hand-in-hand with the discovering you had the wrong dimensions all along. Download now for: iOS Augment (free) Augment (Android/iOS)More Visualizing furniture in it’s potential environment is one thing, but being able visualize nearly any 3D model in augmented reality is something completely different. Although somewhat complex, Augment is an app specially designed to boost sales, bring print to life, and visually see the possibilities at hand. Once users sign up with a free Augment Manager account, the app allows users to upload their own 3D images and trackers from applications such as Cinema 4D, Sketchup, Maya, and the like, and place the 3D models in a virtual environment using the camera on their iOS device. A steep learning curve accompanies some of the more advanced features, but said features also make the software more capable. It handle’s print content in a similar fashion to Layer, offering additional multimedia features with a simple camera scan, but the sheer ability to upload your own 3D content helps it edge out the competition when it comes to deciding where to put that recently-purchased display kiosk or building model. Download now for: Android iOS Quiver (free) Quiver (Android/iOS)More Given smartphones are more tailored for adults than adolescents, the staggering dearth of AR content for children isn’t exactly surprising. Thankfully, Quiver (formerly known as ColAR Mix) works to bring your child’s 2D color books to life with animated images that spring directly from the Crayola-lined pages upon your kitchen table. Although the app requires printed color pages, users can download one of several free coloring packs on the Quiver’s website, each of which encompasses everything from fire-breathing dragons and cuddly teddy bears, to towering dinosaurs and wild stallions. Once drawn, users merely need to ensure the entirety of the page is viewable within their smartphone camera’s peripheral, thus allowing the image to come to life with the drawn details and accompanying music. Users can watch the animations from any angle once started, pause the content, or even zoom in and out as if viewing a real-life object — and despite being geared toward children — there’s no denying it’s a bit of fun for all ages. Download now for: Android iOS Other AR apps Layar (free) Layar (Android/iOS/Blackberry)More Print only goes so far in a world bursting with digital, interactive multimedia. Clad in a baby blue interface and bundled with a commendable help function, the Layar app is designed to bring print content into the digital realm, allowing users to quickly scan and pull data from a variety of commonplace content using their smartphone or tablet. Once a print source has been scanned, the app can retrieve direct shopping links to particular products in a matter of seconds, or bring up videos encapsulating the latest cover shoot for a particular magazine. Furthermore, the app includes tools for sharing retrieved content via the typical social media avenues and touts features akin to the aforementioned Wikitude World Browser, providing a simple means for browsing and setting directions to nearby restaurants, ATMs, historical sites, and other notable places of interest. The ability to scan QR codes, magazines, and other print content may be more of a novelty than anything else, but it does make purchasing that designer tie that much easier. Download now for: Android iOS Blackberry Sun Seeker ($10) Sun Seeker (Android/iOS)More As the name might suggest, Sun Seeker is an app obsessively designed with one thing in mind: the enormous star position in the center of our solar system. The app provides both a flat view compass and a 3D, AR view, each detailing the sun’s solar path, maximum elevation, its hourly intervals, and its rise and set times, among other noteworthy data. Furthermore, the app presents the sun’s winter and summer solstice paths, and allows users to quickly view the sun’s current position in the sky, complete with marked hour points. Though users can choose from nearly any location on earth, the app also taps into your mobile device’s GPS and magnetometer, providing useful information for gardeners, photographer, architects, real estate buyers, and anyone else looking to discover optimal lighting conditions and relative solar angles for a given location. Plus, users can even view the solar path for a chosen date. Needless to say, the Aztecs would be a wee bit envious. Download now for: Android iOS Google SkyMap (free) Google SkyMap (Android)More It’s tough to argue with a mobile app touting nearly half a million recommendations in the Play Store. Google Sky Map will magically instill you with Carl Sagan-like powers and give you the ability to identify everything in the night sky. Once installed, just point your phone upward when it’s reasonably dark and clear outside, and Google will point out all the different stars, constellations, and planets that are visible to your phone’s camera. As you’d expect from Google, the app is super smooth and does all its identifications in real time, and even allows users to search for specific stars and planets not presently visible on your screen. Once found, the on-screen interface and directional compass will then directly guide you to said star or planet — even if hidden behind a veil of cloud cover or obscured by the horizon. Download now for: Android iOnRoad ($1) iOnRoad (Android)More There were more than 34,000 motor vehicle deaths in the United States in 2012. It’s a staggering number, but also one that could be curbed with AR apps like iOnRoad. Using your smartphone’s camera, the simple apps strives to help prevent collisions while providing robust navigation once situated on your car windshield or dash. The app automatically starts when your vehicle begins moving and saves your parking location once stopped, while additionally alerting you when you’re speeding, warning you when you’re crossing a solid marking line, and taking snapshots of drivers that dangerously cut you off while switching lanes. Moreover, the app offers statistics covering gas consumption, routes, safety, velocity, and acceleration, providing users with a general overview of their driving habits. Plus, who doesn’t like an integrated music player and quick access to their favorite contacts? Download now for: Android SpotCrime (free) SpotCrime (Android/iOS)More Sometimes obliviousness is a terrific thing, but that’s rarely the case when it comes to safety. With SpotCrime, users can gather a wealth of real-time crime information and alerts for nearly any location in the United States, United Kingdom, and selected parts of Canada. SpotCrime pinpoints your location via your smartphone’s GPS, pulling crime data from police departments, sheriff agencies, news media, and other sources. Crimes range from robberies and shootings to arrests and assaults, and the app pinpoints each occurrence with its respective icon on a map. Moreover, users can set up automated alerts and search for crimes surrounding a specific address or view them as a list accompanied with links to additional information. The app may not prevent crimes, but it will provide you with a comprehensive overview of the more dangerous avenues and times to be out and about in your neighborhood or park block. As the official SpotCrime description says, “don’t let anyone take your mojo.” Download now for: Android iOS Best app deals of the day! 6 paid iPhone apps for free for a limited time Best app deals of the day! 6 paid iPhone apps for free for a limited time 100 awesome iPhone apps for 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Aug 07, 2016 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Self-driving car project leader departs Google MOVING ON:Spokesman Johnny Luu said Chris Urmson was vital for the project, helping move the team from development toward implementation Reuters Chris Urmson, who was instrumental in building Google’s self-driving car project, on Friday said he is leaving the team after seven-and-a-half years. Alphabet Inc’s Google had named Urmson chief technical officer of the project after it hired former Hyundai Motor Co executive John Krafcik to be chief executive of the project. Urmson, who joined the project when it was launched and has been a public face of Google’s autonomous vehicle efforts, in March testified before a US Senate panel on autonomous cars. Krafcik confirmed Urmson’s departure on Friday afternoon on Twitter. Urmson, in a blog post late on Friday, said he was “ready for a fresh challenge.” He said he was not sure what he would do next. “Going to take some time and get some perspective from outside of Google,” he wrote in a text message to reporters. ‘INEVITABLE TECH’ Urmson told reporters earlier this year that self-driving cars are coming. “I’ve gone from hoping this would happen to thinking it might happen to knowing it will happen,” Urmson said. Google self-driving car project spokesman Johnny Luu confirmed Urmson’s departure and praised him. “Seven years ago, the idea that a car could drive itself wasn’t much more than an idea. Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality,” Luu said. Google’s project has had other significant departures, even as it has hired dozens of new employees. OTHER DEPARTURES Earlier this year, Anthony Levandowski, who was product manager for Google’s self-driving car program, left the project to cofound a start-up with two other former Google employees. The project is expected to become a standalone company this year. Last month, it appointed its first general counsel. Google has logged more than 2.9 million kilometers of autonomous driving in testing in Texas, California, Arizona and Washington states. It has said it has no timetable for making self-driving vehicles available to the public. Officials have said Google is preparing to make its self-driving car unit a separate company. The program is now part of its X research laboratory unit. “The self-driving car project is in the middle of graduating from X and this is sort of a gradual process,” Astro Teller, who heads the X program, told NBC News in April. In May, Google and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV said they had agreed to work together to build a fleet of nearly 100 self-driving minivans, the first time a Silicon Valley firm had teamed up with a traditional automaker to develop an autonomous vehicle. In March, reports said that Google’s self-driving car team was expanding and hiring more people with automotive industry expertise, underscoring the company’s determination to move the division past the experimental stage. This story has been viewed 2094 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-17 to 2016-11-24 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 2 Anti-gay protesters storm legislature 3 DPP proposes cutting officers’ pensions 4 Events and entertainment listings 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 TransAsia abruptly halts flights 2 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 3 Southeast Asia may get Trumped (P) 4 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning 5 TransAsia shuts down MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.

Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Clear76° FULL FORECASTClear76° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Real Estate The price of homes in the Tampa Bay area continues to soar US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Court blocks Obama administration to expand overtime pay to 4 million Americans A liberal leader from Tallahassee's past praises Corcoran's call for change News at noon: Top TBX official resigns; happy Thanksgiving homecomings; a new cruise ship out of Tampa; and last-minute Thanksgiving menu ideas Local DOT official who oversaw controversial Tampa Bay Express project resigns Movie Planner: 'Moana,' 'Rules Don't Apply,' 'Bad Santa 2'; plus Tampa Theatre brings Santa News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana News Nervous about Thanksgiving dinner? Keep PolitiFact's 2016 guide handy Top News Obama gives Medal of Freedom to sports, rock stars (who embrace mannequin challenge) In New York Times interview, Trump eases some views but still defies presidential conventions South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley tapped to be Trump's U.N. ambassador March column: Ober going fishing, sleeping well for first time in years Legislature's big day brings out dignitaries — but no Bondi Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More College UCF twins Shaquem and Shaquill Griffin stay the course, reap benefits Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News UCF twins Shaquem and Shaquill Griffin stay the course, reap benefits New CFP rankings set up weekend games with a playoff feel Bucs backup TE Alan Cross fitting in on field, in clubhouse Florida's first female football coach turns doubters into believers (w/video) Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Music & Concerts Interview: David Crosby talks Joni Mitchell, old bandmates and 'stupid' Donald Trump Top News Movie Planner: 'Moana,' 'Rules Don't Apply,' 'Bad Santa 2'; plus Tampa Theatre brings Santa Dining Planner: Frogman Feast and private dining spaces to book your holiday party Art Planner: Skip Black Friday and treat yourself to art 5 things to do under $5 this week to burn off Thanksgiving calories Things to Do Planner: Ice skating, Radio Theatre Live, Christmas Town at Busch Gardens Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Construction licensing board needs scrutiny Top Opinion Editorial: Construction licensing board needs scrutiny Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Water Tampa and Cuba, once Cold War enemies, now work together to save the ocean Top News Obama gives Medal of Freedom to sports, rock stars (who embrace mannequin challenge) Here's how you should watch 'Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life' on Thanksgiving weekend Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) With world as its playground, Pokémon Go pushes legal, ethical bounds Tony Marrero, Times Staff Writer Link View all Articles TONY MARREROTampa Bay Times Saturday, August 6, 2016 11:03am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Pokemon Go players are glued to their phones as they walk the shore at Ballast Point Park. The city of Tampa is still waiting for a reply to its request that the maker of the game cut back on the virtual creatures that draw players to the park. [ZACK WITTMAN | Times] TAMPA — They've descended on cemeteries, veterans memorials and the National Holocaust Museum in Washington, D.C. Related News/Archive 'Pokémon Go' app catches attention of gamers across the world — and Tampa Bay 4 Months Ago What's troubling athletes arriving in Rio? No Pokémon Go 4 Months Ago Tampa asks Pokémon GO creator to remove PokéStops from Ballast Point Park 4 Months Ago In their zeal to catch digital creatures that pop up on their smartphone screens, Pokémon Go players are flocking to places where they're not always welcome. Niantic, the game's developer, is fielding requests from exasperated property owners who want the company to remove virtual markers that draw crowds to real-world places. The city of Tampa, for example, has asked the company to take the "PokéStops" out of Ballast Point Park ( tbtim.es/14ru) because so many players are showing up when the park is closed. The friction raises questions about the technology that makes the augmented reality game possible. How much responsibility does Niantic bear for the actions of people using its product? And what obligation, if any, does the company have to respond to requests like Tampa's? Experts say the company may have the law on its side, at least for now, but the popularity of Pokémon Go has pushed Niantic into uncharted legal and ethical waters. "The question is, how far does a third party like Niantic have to go before it becomes responsible for encouraging players to trespass or create a nuisance," said Brian Wassom, a media attorney and author of Augmented Reality Law, Privacy, and Ethics. "That's an untested legal question." ••• You might not care about the difference between a Charmander and a Jigglypuff, but to understand why players are mobbing a waterfront park in tony South Tampa, you need a primer on Pokémon Go. The goal of the game, which is based on the original Nintendo game of the 1990s and downloaded as a mobile app, is to capture Pokémon creatures that pop up on the screen. The game uses the phone's camera so the characters appear to surface in the real world. In map view, the player's avatar, Pokémon characters and game markers appear on a digital map. At PokéStops, players can replenish their avatar's supplies and drop "lures" that cause Pokémon creatures to appear. At PokéGyms, players pit their captured critters against each other in on-screen battles. The app uses the phone's GPS function with Niantic's proprietary mapping software. Niantic developed the software for its first augmented reality game, Ingress, which launched in 2011. That game didn't catch on like Pokémon Go. "The technology has been around for several years, but it's been the enthusiasts using it, not the masses," said Mark Skwarek, director of New York University's Augmented Reality Lab. Skwarek has worked on augmented reality for more than a decade and has worked on GPS-based games like Pokémon Go. Niantic was formed in 2010 by John Hanke as Niantic Labs, an internal startup within the Internet and technology giant Google, before it was spun out as an independent entity last fall. Hanke was one of the founders of Keyhole, the company Google bought to start Google Earth. Hanke was involved with Google Maps before forming Niantic. As it developed Ingress, Niantic built a huge database of real-world landmarks that later became the starting point for Pokémon Go, according to the technology magazine Mashable. The company uses another set of data based on geographic markers, such as bodies of water, to decide where certain Pokémon characters will appear. After the game launched in the United States last month, word spread quickly on social media that Ballast Point Park was one of the best places in the area to play. The 7.5-acre park has several PokéStops — players have reported as many as nine — and at least one PokéGym. But the attraction transcends the plentiful Pokémon. Players say rare characters that can't be found anywhere else in the city appear regularly at Ballast Point. This has proved an irresistible draw for players who disregard the sign noting the park is open only from dawn to dusk. Neighbors call to complain and police show up to disperse crowds that reached 150 one night last month. Public parks, with their easy access and open spaces, are a natural playground for augmented reality games, Skwarek said. So Niantic puts an extra focus on parks, dropping virtual goodies there to draw players. "They see these as places to really hype up the game," he said. But how do places less appropriate for game playing, like the National Holocaust Museum and cemeteries, wind up with PokéStops? An algorithm that automatically pulled landmarks from maps is probably to blame, Skwarek said. Niantic can easily intervene to make manual changes, he said. It's usually as simple as highlighting the features on a digital map and clicking "delete" or removing the coordinates from a spreadsheet. Niantic has an electronic form on its website for property owners who want the company to remove stops and gyms. The company declined to answer emailed questions from the Times about what criteria the company uses to evaluate the requests and how long it takes to respond. Instead, a spokesman referred a reporter to a previously issued statement that Niantic is "moving quickly to review all such requests." Published reports show the forms are being submitted from all over the world. Niantic honored a request from the Holocaust Museum in Washington, D.C. In a Web post last week, officials in Provo, Utah, said they were surprised at how quickly the company granted their request to remove stops from the public library. But a cathedral in Germany has threatened legal action because the company has not responded to its requests. Tampa officials have said they don't want people to stop playing the game at Ballast Point Park, but made the request to Niantic as a "proactive" way to try to make the park less of draw and reduce crowds. As of Friday, the problems there hadn't abated and the city was still waiting for a response, police spokesman Steve Hegarty said. ••• There is no law against placing virtual markers in a physical space, even private property, said Wassom, the attorney. The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that online expression is a form of speech protected by the First Amendment. "If someone were placing physical signs saying, 'Come here and play,' that would be a pretty clear violation of property rights," he said. "But when you're putting virtual markers on a digital map, you're engaging in speech, and that's protected." But just as there limitations on free speech, the right to place virtual markers is not absolute, Wassom said. He said there will be some instances where a virtual marker is viewed as a "clear and present danger," similar to yelling fire in a crowed theater, but in most cases, that's going to be "an awfully uphill battle to fight," he said. "Whenever you're talking about physical trespassing, the responsibility is always going to be on the person committing the act," he said, noting that the Pokémon Go app tells players not to trespass or enter dangerous areas. A New Jersey man fed up with players coming onto his property filed a class action lawsuit against Niantic last week that claims the game entices people to trespass. More lawsuits are sure to follow, and while they won't set binding precedent, they'll be watched very closely, Wassom said. Some cities already are considering new laws and at least one has passed. The City Council in Newnan, Ga., adopted an ordinance July 21 — just two weeks after the game launched — prohibiting people from playing Internet or cellphone games in the city's three cemeteries. Wassom expects similar ordinances to follow. Some will be well thought out but many will face court challenges, he said. Legal or not, companies like Niantic have a duty to be good corporate citizens, said Dan Verreault, director of the Center for Ethics in the University of Tampa's Sykes School of Business. "The company has to be responsible and careful in the design, and responsive and accepting of feedback from affected communities," Verreault said. "I also think at least 50 percent of the responsibility has to be taken by the user who knows that catching a little dinosaur doesn't justify trespassing or disturbing what ought not be disturbed." For cases like Ballast Point Park, Niantic could craft a compromise, such as adjusting the game so its features better align with park hours, said NYU's Skwarek. He said the popularity of the game probably caught the company by surprise and it's probably adding staff to make these kinds of changes. "You have to work with the public on these issues," Skwarek said, "or it's going to backfire when something bad happens." Times senior news researcher John Martin contributed to this report. Contact Tony Marrero at tmarrero@tampabay.com or (813) 226-3374. With world as its playground, Pokémon Go pushes legal, ethical bounds 08/06/16 [Last modified: Saturday, August 6, 2016 4:32pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2016 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Apple's $200 Million Turi Acquisition To Challenge Google, Amazon And Facebook In Pervasive Computing 6 August 2016, 9:32 am EDT By Horia Ungureanu Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Apple continues its march toward better virtual assistants with the purchase of Turi, an AI startup. The race is on against rivals such as Google, Amazon or Facebook, but Apple lately bought itself some aces to keep up its sleeve.  ( Apple ) Advertisement Apple puts the pedal to the metal to take over its rivals from Google, Amazon and Facebook in machine learning capabilities, and for that it recently purchased Turi, an AI startup from Seattle. Turi's technologies should help Apple boost its advances in pervasive computing capabilities. For those who skipped that lesson, pervasive computing allows a software (such as a virtual assistant) to make appropriate suggestions to a user on whatever topic they may ask about. For example, the suggestions that appear when a movie, music video or article ends could get better via pervasive computing. To broaden its resource pool, Apple bought AI startup Turi in a transaction rumored to be around $200 million. Turi has impressive expertise in developing and managing various software that tap into a very specific type of Artificial Intelligence, dubbed machine learning. Machine learning is also able to generate better recommendations and crunch customer data to determine or pinpoint accuracy user patterns. All these will come in handy for Apple, which is allegedly going to implement Turi's tricks into its virtual assistant, Siri. When asked about the perspectives of integrating Turi with Siri, Apple chose discretion. In a statement, the company notes that it is common for it to purchase small-scale technology companies and underlines in that discussion that the purpose and plans of the acquisitions fall outside of Apple's modus operandi. Apple scored a consistent list of recent purchases, and Business Insider points out that most of them seem to be AI oriented. Noteworthy buyouts are counting names such as VocalIQ, Perceptio, Emotient and Faceshift, with the first two sharing some of Turi's traits. VocalIQ made use of machine learning to help voice assistants respond in a highly realistic fashion to inquiries. Perceptio, on the other hand, aided the internal processes of AI by sharing bits of personal user data from the respective systems. These two should be important pillars to improve upcoming versions of Siri, insiders familiar with the matter point out. On the visual side of the spectrum, Emotient and Faceshift were startups that specialized in enhancing the capabilities of AI to recognize facial expressions. Apple's helm, Tim Cook, stated that his company's AI focus went toward building features that would "enhance the customer experience." The CEO went on to add that the company plans to deploy machine learning in a variety of products and services. TAG Apple, Startups, A.I., Machine learning, Virtual Assistant, Siri © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Apple Spends $200M To Acquire Seattle-Based Turi, Boosts Machine Learning And Artificial Intelligence Capabilities Apple Buys UK Startup VocalIQ To Make Siri More Like Samantha In ‘Her’ From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get All The Legendaries And Ultra Beasts 2 Apple Black Friday 2016: Best Deals For MacBook Pro, MacBook Air And iMac From Best Buy, eBay, Amazon And Newegg 3 Google Google Pixel Update Brings Double-Tap And Raise-To-Wake Moves To The Mix Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016 Smartphone Deals: Verizon, Sprint and AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge, iPhone 7/Plus Sales And BOGOs At Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More 5 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: Where To Find Eevee, Pikachu (And Pichu) And Growlithe 6 Gadgets Best Black Friday 2016 Headphone Deals: Grab Beats, Bose, Harman Kardon, Skullcandy From Best Buy, Amazon, Target And Other Retailers 7 Earth/Environment Asteroid That Killed The Dinosaurs Formed Mountain Range Taller Than Mount Everest In Less Than 10 Minutes 8 Gadgets Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get A Shiny Starter Pokémon 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 With Trade-In Deal Comes Back For Black Friday, Free Samsung Galaxy S7 And LG V20 Join The Party EDITOR'S PICKS Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? NASA's 'Impossible' Propulsion Engine EmDrive Passes Peer Review Amgen Cholesterol Drug And Statin Combo Reduces Plaque Buildup In Arteries Of Heart Patients Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch In New Glossy Black Color To Compete With Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Marrakech Vision: World's Most Climate-Vulnerable Countries Aiming For 100 Percent Green Energy Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Meet Kripa Krishnan, Google's queen of chaos Julie Bort Aug. 6, 2016, 10:01 AM 29,175 facebook linkedin twitter email print Kripa Krishnan, director of Google's Cloud Product Operations & SRE Breakfix/DiRT team. Business Insider/Julie Bort If aliens were to invade earth, or an earthquake lopped California into the ocean, Google wants you to know that it will still be there for you. That's because a group of 10 Google engineers go around purposely breaking things at the company, under the most dire circumstances they can imagine, just to see what happens. Through this process, the team makes sure that Google can keep itself running no matter what happens. Sometimes this team makes Martians invade the earth. Sometimes they feign an earthquake or ecological disaster. They strike their internal Google targets without warning. This is Google’s renowned DiRT team, (Disaster Recovery Testing), led by director Kripa Krishnan, who has perfected the art of breaking Google over the past nine years. Angry, tense, and caffeinated Despite the humor-inspired scenarios she inflicts on her coworkers, the tests themselves are very, very serious, she tells us. Google's director of the DiRT program, Kripa Krishnan. Business Insider/Julie Bort For one thing, the team is taking down actual, live systems, sometimes whole data centers. And if they bork things up too badly for too long and cause Google to have a serious outage, there will be money lost and hell to pay. Before each test, people gather in various "war rooms," sometimes located all over the world, Krishnan tells Business Insider. "We have intense situations in the war room. There’s like 20-30 people sitting there. The room is warm. Everyone is very, very high on caffeine, ready to go and everybody’s angry all the time," laughs Krishnan who, during this interview, is the opposite of tense or angry in every way. She's cheerful. She's cracking jokes. She telling us funny stories of how her small band roams Google, wreaking havoc, with the help of hundreds of other Google experts who are called upon to work on the tests as needed. But, if things go wrong, which they often do (because making things go wrong is the whole point), the stress in the war room really heats up, she says with a smile. For instance, in the middle of one massively orchestrated test on the network that could have taken down a big chunk of Google, the team noticed that a popular app used by millions of people was slowing down. They didn't think their test would cause that. But they didn't know for sure and they wondered if they should abort the test, which would also be dangerous at that particular moment, she recalls. Within 15 minutes they determined their test was not the problem. "But for those 15 minutes, we were just yipping at each other. Shouting, tears in the war room," she recalls. Googler's don't phone home A funnier situation involved the incident-command team trying to communicate with each other. They were planning a scenario where the internet was down, making things like chat rooms or Google Hangouts unavailable. So the plan was that everyone would just go retro and dial into an old-fashioned telephone bridge. Everett Collection/Shutterstock Only it turns out Googlers "don't like phones," she said. People couldn't find the bridge phone number, and they didn't know basic things like how to dial a phone to get an outside line. Worst of all, once they all did get on the line, some folks would put the phone on hold, forcing the rest of the team to stop talking and listen to hold music. "We didn't know how to work the bridge to boot those people out," she laughs. Ditto for satellite phones. Years ago, Google bought its top engineers and execs satellite phones so they could always be reached in case of a disaster. When the DiRT team tested that idea with a fake earthquake, 100% of the people with satellite phones failed to use them. They couldn't find the phones, or they weren't charged, or the only way to get a satellite signal was to "climb onto the roof," and "that's not a safe thing to do" especially after an earthquake, she said. "If we hadn't tested this, we would never have known. We would have kept investing in satellite phones," she says. Beg, borrow, and credit card Google One time, Krishnan and team put a data center to the test by telling the data-center team that a flood had forced the data center off the grid and onto a backup generator running on diesel fuel. They were instructed to purchase a massive quantity of fuel. She was trying to get them to activate Google's procedure to release emergency funds. Instead, no matter what the DiRT team threw at them, (a bigger flood, a fire in another room), the engineers came up with "creative solutions to find money." The engineers asked their local community to donate stuff or to loan them stuff, fees to be paid later. Someone even offered the use of a credit card with an enormously huge credit line to pay for things. They never called the person that would send them the emergency-fund money. But they never let the Google site go down, either.  "They take it seriously, this role-playing stuff," she says. Another time, the team tested the HR department. The scenario was that a meteor had crashed into earth, stranding employees all over the world. "The whole point of it was to completely bombard the HR department," Krishnan says, particularly with questions they wouldn't know, such as approval for expensing a $15,000 flight home, or for buying clothes due to lost luggage. The HR team "shocked" the DiRT team by quickly organizing itself and handling the onslaught very well, she says. Next up: automated 'chaos engineering' Google isn't the only giant internet company in the Valley that needs to make sure it never goes down. Google's director of the DiRT team, Kripa Krishnan. Business Insider/Julie Bort So a small team of testers from other big companies have started to work together to share best practices. They call their young discipline "chaos engineering," Krishnan says. These folks are currently working on ways to automate some of the tests. "Right now, scale is our problem. We are doing hundreds of tests, but I cannot scale my team to hundreds of people. So we are exploring automating some of this. How do you constantly cause damage so systems are constantly recovering?" That kind of thing has never been done before, but after nearly 10 years, she's used to that. All the years of testing has taught Krishnan one important thing: It's not enough to have disaster plans and backup technology in place. People must test, change, and perfect them. "We want people to practice enough so they get the right concepts. And then we trust them to wing it. Give them a lot of space for solving the problem," she says. SEE ALSO: A rare tour of Google's 'The Garage' lab where employees can build anything SEE ALSO: How the queen of Silicon Valley is helping Google go after Amazon’s most profitable business NOW WATCH: This country doesn’t have Google Street View, so they created Google Sheep View Loading video... More: Google disaster recovery Data Centers facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Meet Kripa Krishnan, Google's queen of chaos Meet Kripa Krishnan, Google's queen of chaos If aliens were to invade earth, or an... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Deputies investigate strong-armed robbery at Hazel Dell parking lot Firefighters rescue woman from mobile home fire Two arrested following Hazel Dell armed robbery Woman’s engagement ring stolen at Macy’s Black Lives Matter meet, discuss goals with schools Police Activities League gives holiday food baskets Portland man’s conviction overturned Man gets 20 years for kidnapping, assault Men robbed after trying to meet up with female David Madore buys Living Hope Church for $4.7M Clark County, cities issue proclamations The cities of Ridgefield and Vancouver, as well as the Clark County council, have joined the growing number of local… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Twin Harbors beach to open for razor clams Spike elk hunters face longest odds Petersen blends in while building up UW RBs play key role in WSU’s Air Raid Porzingis, Rose help Knicks edge Blazers, 107-103 Skyview football team is turning early losses into postseason victories Mount Hood Meadows anticipates Friday opening Apple Cup ranks high East County Jets headed to Pop Warner National Championships Community scoreboard 11-21 Spike elk hunters face longest odds Most discriminating sportsmen in Eastern Washington come from the humble ranks of general tag holders Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Singletary: Getting a grasp on mutual funds U.S. existing home sales climb to highest since early 2007 Dow passes 19,000 as drive continues Clark County adds jobs in October, labor market improves AT&T defends free data to skeptical regulators Pilot strike threatens Amazon’s routes Open house in Tacoma invites LNG conversation Clark College targets manufacturing, region’s needs Brunell: Despite turmoil, Americans are blessed Retailers prep for Small Business Saturday Pilot strike threatens Amazon’s routes SEATTLE — Pilots with a cargo airline that flies routes for customers including Amazon.com went on strike Tuesday, a decision… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Sidewalk a stumbling point in west Vancouver ‘To die at home’ isn’t as simple as it may sound Everybody Has A Story: Thanksgiving meal prep a family affair, wonderful memory James Corden to host 59th Grammy Awards The cranberry sauce upgrades: Figs, and a swig I wasn’t bowled over by soup for the holiday — until now Give an ethnic seasoning to your Thanksgiving side dishes Herby biscuits with a pedigree I can relate to A mixed-up salad that fits our feast Salted Caramel Sauce an easy treat ‘To die at home’ isn’t as simple as it may sound The blessings and curses of families are not limited to holiday gatherings, graduations, weddings and funerals. They also exist at… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Homelessness Hinders Cepeda: Minority writers have more to say than diversity tales Letter: Trump destined for disaster Letter: America hired an amateur Letter: Trump resistance will persist Letter: Homeless are punished enough Letter: No right to riot Letter: Republicans should live up to word In Our View: Dissent Is U.S. Tradition Sowell: Non-thinking progressives preoccupied with the past Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 20-26 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Sidewalk a stumbling point in west Vancouver Everybody Has A Story: Thanksgiving meal prep a family affair, wonderful memory Applause Tell us about your extravagant Christmas lights, decorations You Can Help Ridgefield students celebrate Veterans Day Hathaway Elementary School looks to limit absences Local Daughters celebrate 70th anniversary Harvest of Month brings hummus to school Students dance for Parents Together Organization Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Art Stubbs is resigned to becoming a resident of Vancouver. But the idea still worries him. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate How to get more from Google Maps Tips and tricks you might not know can help in many ways A screengrab from a Samsung Galaxy S6 by Hayley Tsukayama (Washington Post) By Hayley Tsukayama, The Washington Post Published: August 6, 2016, 6:28 AM A   A Google Maps is consistently on lists of the top 10 most-used apps and is probably one app that many people consult daily. But how much of the program do you actually use? Those who just type in an address and go should know that there’s so much more you can do than just that. To help you make the most of that last, great summer road trip, we’ve compiled a list of tips to get more out of Google Maps. Here are some useful features hiding just below the surface. • Multistop trips: Trips aren’t always about going from Point A to Point B. Sometimes there’s a C, D, E or even F you have to get to as well. Google recently started rolling out a new feature that lets you plug in more than one destination at a time. Users can access this by hitting the options menu from the directions screen — you get there by hitting the three vertical dots in the upper right-hand corner — and selecting “Add stop.” Keep in mind that you may not see this update yet. • Use “explore”: The “Explore” section of Maps is pretty easy to find, but is probably overlooked by those focused on just getting directions. The feature is particularly useful if you’re traveling on business or to a new place and need to grab a quick bite to eat, and don’t have time to wander around aimlessly. From the main search screen, click on the three parallel lines on the left-hand side of the search bar. (Designers call this common icon the “hamburger.”) If you’re zoomed into a reasonably local area, you should see the “Explore” section, which will direct you to good places to eat, cheap places to eat, nearby attractions and more. • Download an offline area: If you’re going to be somewhere where you can’t get cell service, take advantage of the ability to download a section of Google Maps to access offline. To do this tap in the search bar and scroll down until you see “Download a new offline area.” Alternatively, you can search for a city and swipe up from the bottom, and then hit the “Download” option. Google won’t let you download too large of an area — but you can go up to 120,000 square kilometers. You can interact with this offline section of the map and search for directions to locations within that part of the world. Maps won’t suggest places for you, but it will still be more useful than an old-school map. You should know that if you download a part of Google Maps, it will take up storage space on your phone. But it can be convenient, and it’s way easier to transport than a paper map that you’ll never be able to refold again. • Share directions: Need to let someone else know how to get to where they’re going? Once you have the directions you need, hit the three-dot options menu and tap “Share Directions.” That will let you text or email directions to someone through a link, or even share directions over Twitter or Facebook if you so desire. That’s way easier than reading your phone’s screen to someone, or trying to remember off the top of your head. Besides, your friends are probably just going to put the destination in Google Maps anyway. This feature can save both of you the trouble. • Sign-in for better service: If you’re signed in to Maps it adds quite a bit of functionality– though you’re also giving Google’s app more access to your information. Deciding whether the trade-off is worth it is up to you. If you sign in and turn on your history, from that point you’ll be able to reference your past destinations more quickly. So, if you get a restaurant recommendation for a summer trip and then want to go back the following summer, you should be able to do that quickly. Another advantage to signing in is that you can link your Google Contacts to Google Maps, so it’s easy to find your friend Jim’s house by pulling it from your address book. That saves you from having to ask “Where am I going, again?” when you get in the car. You can sign in to your Google Account by hitting the hamburger icon and tapping “Sign in.” • Know more about what you’re getting into: There are also some settings that most users know about but likely don’t use that often. On the options menu, for example, you can turn on different filters and features to get different information about where you’re headed. If you’re walking in a hilly city such as San Francisco, for example, you may really want to see the terrain around you. A coffee shop may look like it’s just a quick walk and a few blocks away — but those blocks may take you straight up a steep hill. That’s vital information to know if you don’t want to be out of breath by the time you get there. One setting I use a lot that many may find useful is the setting preference to “avoid tolls.” Of course, you can’t always find a toll-free way to get somewhere in the time you need, but it’s still nice to have the option on hand. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 8/6/2016 7:23 AM Tips and tricks to get more out of Google Maps Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Google Maps users who just type in an address and go should know that there's so much more you can do than just that. Washington Post screengrab from a Samsung Galaxy S6 by Hayley Tsukayama   Slide up on the map screen to get the menu that includes the download option. Washington Post screengrab from a Samsung Galaxy S6 by Hayley Tsukayama   Hayley Tsukayama Washington Post     Google Maps consistently makes lists of the top 10 most-used apps and is probably one app that many people consult daily. But how much of the program do you actually use? Those who just type in an address and go should know that there's so much more you can do than just that. To help you make the most of that last, great summer road trip, we've compiled a list of tips to get more out of Google Maps. Here are some useful features hiding just below the surface. • Multistop trips: Trips aren't always about going from Point A to Point B. Sometimes there's a C, D, E or even F you have to get to as well. Google recently started rolling out a new feature that lets you plug in more than one destination at a time. Users can access this by hitting the options menu from the directions screen -- you get there by hitting the three vertical dots in the upper right-hand corner -- and selecting "Add stop." Keep in mind that you may not see this update yet. • Use "explore": The "Explore" section of Maps is pretty easy to find, but is probably overlooked by those focused on just getting directions. The feature is particularly useful if you're traveling on business or to a new place and need to grab a quick bite to eat, and don't have time to wander around aimlessly. From the main search screen, click on the three parallel lines on the left-hand side of the search bar. (Designers call this common icon the "hamburger.") If you're zoomed into a reasonably local area, you should see the "Explore" section, which will direct you to good places to eat, cheap places to eat, nearby attractions and more. • Download an offline area: If you're going to be somewhere where you can't get cell service, take advantage of the ability to download a section of Google Maps to access offline. To do this tap in the search bar and scroll down until you see "Download a new offline area." Alternatively, you can search for a city and swipe up from the bottom, and then hit the "Download" option. Google won't let you download too large of an area -- but you can go up to 120,000 square kilometers. You can interact with this offline section of the map and search for directions to locations within that part of the world. Maps won't suggest places for you, but it will still be more useful than an old-school map. You should know that if you download a part of Google Maps, it will take up storage space on your phone. But it can be convenient, and it's way easier to transport than a paper map that you'll never be able to refold again. • Share directions: Need to let someone else know how to get to where they're going? Once you have the directions you need, hit the three-dot options menu and tap "Share Directions." That will let you text or email directions to someone through a link, or even share directions over Twitter or Facebook if you so desire. That's way easier than reading your phone's screen to someone, or trying to remember off the top of your head. Besides, your friends are probably just going to put the destination in Google Maps anyway. This feature can save both of you the trouble. • Sign-in for better service: If you're signed in to Maps it adds quite a bit of functionality -- though you're also giving Google's app more access to your information. Deciding whether the trade-off is worth it is up to you. If you sign in and turn on your history, from that point you'll be able to reference your past destinations more quickly. So, if you get a restaurant recommendation for a summer trip and then want to go back the following summer, you should be able to do that quickly. Another advantage to signing in is that you can link your Google Contacts to Google Maps, so it's easy to find your friend Jim's house by pulling it from your address book. That saves you from having to ask "Where am I going, again?" when you get in the car. You can sign in to your Google Account by hitting the hamburger icon and tapping "Sign in." • Know more about what you're getting into: There are also some settings that most users know about but likely don't use that often. On the options menu, for example, you can turn on different filters and features to get different information about where you're headed. If you're walking in a hilly city such as San Francisco, for example, you may really want to see the terrain around you. A coffee shop may look like it's just a quick walk and a few blocks away -- but those blocks may take you straight up a steep hill. That's vital information to know if you don't want to be out of breath by the time you get there. One setting I use a lot that many may find useful is the setting preference to "avoid tolls." Of course, you can't always find a toll-free way to get somewhere in the time you need, but it's still nice to have the option on hand. Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Digital Entertainment Lifestyle Washington Post Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  Features  | 6 Upcoming Smartphones That We Expect See This Year 6 Upcoming Smartphones That We Expect See This Year By: Abhinaya Prabhu Published: Saturday, August 6, 2016, 16:09 [IST] The manufacturers follow different launch patterns to unveil their flagship smartphones. While some announce their flagships in the first months of the year at the CES and MWC events, there are makers that opt for the fall. However, it is fall season that is the strongest as one of the best and highly-anticipated smartphones, - iPhone will be launched at this time frame. Even Google announces its Nexus lineup in the fall that will debut with the latest Android iteration. Also Read: Samsung Galaxy A8 Specs Leaked Online It was only in this week that Samsung announced the Galaxy Note 7 that was heavily rumored. We know that the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus will be launched sometime in September. Also, Google is prepping the Nexus Sailfish that is also making rounds all over the internet. Also Read: Friendship Day Offers on Smartphones We at GizBot have come up with a list of the upcoming smartphones that are highly anticipated. Take a look at the list to know about the phones. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Apple is expected to break the mld this time and come up with two new iPhones that will stick to the same design as seen the iPhone 6. The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus are expected to arrive with the new Apple A10 system chip, miss out on the 3.5 mm headset jack, and feature a dual-camera setup at its rear. It is expected to bring many changes with the Lightning port USB connector for the earpods, Smart Connector, and iOS 10. Xiaomi Mi Note 2 Xiaomi Mi Note 2 is said to sport 5.7-inch with FHD resolution and employ a Snapdragon 820 processor coupled with 4 GB of RAM. It is likely to arrive in a high-end model with the powerful Snapdragon 821 and 6 GB of RAM. Speaking of battery life, a 4,000 mAh is going to be present inside and it is likely to arrive with 256 GB of UFS 2.0 internal storage delivering faster write speeds compared to the eMMC standard. Another great addition to the Mi Note 2 will be the ultrasonic fingerprint reader. Google Nexus Marlin HTC Marlin smartphone is expected to flaunt a 5.5-inch display and equip a Snapdragon 820 SoC with 4 GB of RAM and 32 GB or 128 GB of internal storage. The device is also rumored to include a 12 MP rear camera and an 8 MP front-facer camera. A 3,450 mAh battery is likely to be used to power the smartphone. Google Nexus Sailfish The Google Nexus Sailfish is speculated to arrive with a 5-inch FHD 1080p display and get the energy from a Snapdragon 820 SoC paired with 4 GB of RAM and 16 GB or 32 GB of native memory capacity. Running on Android Nougat, it will arrive with a 12 MP rear camera supporting 4K video recording, and an 8 MP front-facer with support for QHD video recording. Nokia Android Phone As per the ongoing rumors, the Nokia Android smartphone, Nokia P1, will arrive with a 5.2-inch display that sports QHD 1080p display. It will have the IP68 certification that makes it dust and water resistant and equip a Snapdragon 820 processor under its hood. It will arrive with the latest Android 7.0 Nougat OS as well. The rumors suggest that there will be a 22.6 MP camera at its back, but we are yet to see what the device will arrive with. LG V20 We can expect to see a 5.7-inch QHD 1440p display on the LG V20 and it is believed to feature a quad-core processor paired with Adreno 530 GPU and 4 GB of RAM. It is rumored to arrive with a dual camera setup at its front and a 21 MP rear-facing camera. The upcoming LG phone is expected to be preloaded with Android 7.0 Nougat. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Read More About apple | xiaomi | google | Nexus | nokia | lg | smartphones | mobiles | news | android | iOS Other articles published on Aug 6, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Lenovo K6 Power with massive 4,000mAh battery coming to India How to Spot a Fake iPhone [9 Quick Tricks] Moto Z Gets Android 7.0 Nougat: 5 Interesting Things You Can Do After the Update in India Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK ASUS launches Zenbook 3 ultrabook in India 13th World Robot Olympiad in India for the first time Paytm Now Lets You Use Credit or Debit Card to Pay Shopkeeper Google Releases Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 for Nexus Devices WhatsApp Rolls Out Video Streaming Feature Letting Users Save Data Buy Google Pixel from Flipkart and Grab a Whopping Rs. 33,000 Discount Airtel Successfully Acquired Aircel’s 4G Spectrum in 8 Circles Reliance Jio Lets You Get Change For Rs. 2,000, Shop Cashless Reliance Jio Scam: FAKE Bill Urges User to Pay Rs. 27,000 Will Reliance Jio Announce Welcome Offer 2 on December 28? Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets Panasonic Eluga Mark 2 HTC 10 evo Zopo Color C1 ZP331 Intex Ultra 2400 Zopo Color C ZP330 Zopo Color C3 Intex Mega 2400 Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Intex Mega 2400Philips E105Lenovo Phab 2 PlusAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLPanasonic P71Intex Aqua Power MMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusIntex Aqua Pro 4GVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 Plus Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
CONTESTS Schenectady, NY SUBSCRIBE New Subscription Convert Subscription Activate Online E-Mail Newsletter Contact Us LOG-IN HOME NEWS Local State Business Education Crime & Courts Military Infographs Blogs & Columns ARTS TICKET Books Movies Music Theater & Dance Blogs & Columns Events Galleries Fun & Games TV Listings LIFE Local Food Health History Home Restaurants Special Sections CapRegionBrides Couples Births Blogs & Columns SPORTS Local High School College Golf Horse Racing Special Sections Blogs & Columns OPINION Editorials Letters To The Editor Viewpoints Submit A Letter Blogs & Columns OBITUARIES COMMUNITIES Albany County Fulton County Montgomery County Saratoga County Schenectady County Schoharie County YourNISKAYUNA YourCLIFTONPARK Classified CapRegionCars CapRegionHomes CapRegionJobs Classified Rentals Service Directory Cars Homes Jobs Advertisement Promotions Tips and tricks to get more out of Google Maps By HAYLEY TSUKAYAMA/The Washington Post August 6, 2016 Washington Post screengrab from a Samsung Galaxy S6 by Hayley Tsukayama Advertisement Advertisement follow us $VAR1 = 'mailLink';
$VAR2 = '/mailfriend/72/112067/3466bc7a0e/';
$VAR3 = 'title';
$VAR4 = 'Tips and tricks to get more out of Google Maps ';
$VAR5 = 'linkType';
$VAR6 = 'story';
 Text Size: A | A Google Maps consistently makes lists of the top 10 most-used apps and is probably one app that many people consult daily. But how much of the program do you actually use? Those who just type in an address and go should know that there's so much more you can do than just that. To help you make the most of that last, great summer road trip, we've compiled a list of tips to get more out of Google Maps. Here are some useful features hiding just below the surface. - Multistop trips: Trips aren't always about going from Point A to Point B. Sometimes there's a C, D, E or even F you have to get to as well. Google recently started rolling out a new feature that lets you plug in more than one destination at a time. Users can access this by hitting the options menu from the directions screen - you get there by hitting the three vertical dots in the upper right-hand corner - and selecting "Add stop." Keep in mind that you may not see this update yet. - Use "explore": The "Explore" section of Maps is pretty easy to find, but is probably overlooked by those focused on just getting directions. The feature is particularly useful if you're traveling on business or to a new place and need to grab a quick bite to eat, and don't have time to wander around aimlessly. From the main search screen, click on the three parallel lines on the left-hand side of the search bar. (Designers call this common icon the "hamburger.") If you're zoomed into a reasonably local area, you should see the "Explore" section, which will direct you to good places to eat, cheap places to eat, nearby attractions and more. - Download an offline area: If you're going to be somewhere where you can't get cell service, take advantage of the ability to download a section of Google Maps to access offline. To do this tap in the search bar and scroll down until you see "Download a new offline area." Alternatively, you can search for a city and swipe up from the bottom, and then hit the "Download" option. Google won't let you download too large of an area - but you can go up to 120,000 square kilometers. You can interact with this offline section of the map and search for directions to locations within that part of the world. Maps won't suggest places for you, but it will still be more useful than an old-school map. You should know that if you download a part of Google Maps, it will take up storage space on your phone. But it can be convenient, and it's way easier to transport than a paper map that you'll never be able to refold again. - Share directions: Need to let someone else know how to get to where they're going? Once you have the directions you need, hit the three-dot options menu and tap "Share Directions." That will let you text or email directions to someone through a link, or even share directions over Twitter or Facebook if you so desire. That's way easier than reading your phone's screen to someone, or trying to remember off the top of your head. Besides, your friends are probably just going to put the destination in Google Maps anyway. This feature can save both of you the trouble. - Sign-in for better service: If you're signed in to Maps it adds quite a bit of functionality - though you're also giving Google's app more access to your information. Deciding whether the trade-off is worth it is up to you. If you sign in and turn on your history, from that point you'll be able to reference your past destinations more quickly. So, if you get a restaurant recommendation for a summer trip and then want to go back the following summer, you should be able to do that quickly. Another advantage to signing in is that you can link your Google Contacts to Google Maps, so it's easy to find your friend Jim's house by pulling it from your address book. That saves you from having to ask "Where am I going, again?" when you get in the car. You can sign in to your Google Account by hitting the hamburger icon and tapping "Sign in." - Know more about what you're getting into: There are also some settings that most users know about but likely don't use that often. On the options menu, for example, you can turn on different filters and features to get different information about where you're headed. If you're walking in a hilly city such as San Francisco, for example, you may really want to see the terrain around you. A coffee shop may look like it's just a quick walk and a few blocks away - but those blocks may take you straight up a steep hill. That's vital information to know if you don't want to be out of breath by the time you get there. One setting I use a lot that many may find useful is the setting preference to "avoid tolls." Of course, you can't always find a toll-free way to get somewhere in the time you need, but it's still nice to have the option on hand. Enjoy this story? Share it! In other news... Give thanks: Thanksgiving dinner prices lower than 2015 UAlbany lacrosse coach, former standout player bring game to N.D. pipeline protesters Six things to watch for on Black Friday Gov. Nikki Haley tapped to be Trump's U.N. ambassador Advertisement comments There are currently no posts. Be the first to comment on this story. Log-in to post a comment. Advertisement The Daily Gazette Co.2345 Maxon Road Ext., PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 (518) 374-4141 FIND US ONLINE Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Feeds ABOUT US The Daily Gazette Advertising Information Privacy Policy Contact Us Careers FAQs SUBSCRIPTIONS New Subscription Terms of Service Customer Service Missed Delivery Vacation Stops ONLINE SERVICES E-Mail Newsletters Search Story Archives Obituary Laminations Purchase Photos Events Calendar QUICK LINKS Ask A Doc Contests & Promotions Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Gas Prices School Closings Lottery TV listings Weather SPECIAL SECTIONS The Student Gazette CapRegionPets 50+ Living Fall Home
null
Login | Register       TODAY'S HEADLINES  |   ARTICLE ARCHIVE  |   FORUMS  |   TIP BANK Android Development Center Windows Mobile Dev Center Sponsored Research Editorial Research eBook Library for Technology Professionals DevX: .NET Zone Windows Mobile Dev Center DevX: Java Zone DevX: C++ Zone DevX: Web Development Zone HTML5 Development Center DevX: Architecture Zone DevX: Database Dev Zone DevX: Security Zone DevX: Open Source Zone DevX: Enterprise Zone DevX: Wireless Zone Windows Mobile Dev Center Android Development Center Field Guide to the Mobile Development Platform Landscape Move to the Future with Multicore Code C++0x: The Dawning of a New Standard Going Mobile: Getting Your Apps On the Road Software as a Service: Building On-Demand Applications in the Cloud A New Era for Rich Internet Applications The Road to Ruby Vista's Bounty: Surprising Features Take You Beyond .NET 3.0 The AJAX Framework Roundup Special Report: Virtual Machines Usher In a New Era Java/.NET Interop: Bridging Muddled Waters Wireless Special Report: Marching Toward Mobility Home Page for Special Report: Ensuring Successful Web Services Today and Tomorrow How to Create a Disaster Recovery Plan Special Report: Judging Java Past C/C++ 10-Minute Solutions Past Java 10-Minute Solutions Past DHTML 10-Minute Solutions Past DevX 10-Minute Solutions Past DB2 10-Minute Solutions Past Visual Basic 10-Minute Solutions Past XML 10-Minute Solutions DevXtra Blog: The Agile Architecture Revolution DevXtra Blog: Enterprise Issues For Developers Specialized Dev Zones Research Center eBook Library .NET Java C++ Web Dev Architecture Database Security Open Source Enterprise Mobile Special Reports 10-Minute Solutions DevXtra Blogs Slideshow Sign up for e-mail newsletters from DevX Renaming an SQL Server Database Working with Cloud-Based Development Environments Sometimes you Don't Need a Variable Using the SQL MINUS Operator Explore Polymorphism in Java Author Feedback Email Article Print Article Comment on this Article Digg del.icio.us Newvine furl StumbleUpon BlinkList Newsvine Magnolia Facebook Tailrank Slashdot Technorati Google Bookmarks Yahoo Favorites Windows Live Ask Reddit Google Linkedin Twitter   Research: AWS Still Dominates Cloud Computing Market Microsoft, IBM and Google also have significant market share. by DevX Staff Aug 2, 2016 A new report from Synergy Research Group finds that the "Big Four"—Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft, IBM and Google—dominate the cloud computing market. Number one AWS has nearly three times as much market share as number two Microsoft. Together the big four account for more than 50 percent of the infrastructure as a service (IaaS) market, and they grew their revenue by 68 percent in the second quarter. By comparison, the next 20 largest cloud providers grew their revenue by 41 percent, and overall the cloud computing market expanded by 51 percent during the quarter. "In a variety of ways Amazon and the other big three players have distanced themselves from the competition in this market and continue to widen the gap," Synergy Chief Analyst and Research Director John Dinsdale said. "What marks them out as different is their global presence, marketing muscle, ability to fund huge investments in hyperscale data centers and, in most cases, a determination to succeed in the market." View article     Author Feedback Email Article Print Article Comment on this Article Digg del.icio.us Newvine furl StumbleUpon BlinkList Newsvine Magnolia Facebook Tailrank Slashdot Technorati Google Bookmarks Yahoo Favorites Windows Live Ask Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. 0 Comments  (click to add your comment) Comment and Contribute    Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Sitemap Thanks for your registration, follow us on our social networks to keep up-to-date
null
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Nexus Sailfish Pays a Visit to GFXBench, Might Arrive With 5-inch Display and 4GB of RAM Nexus Sailfish Pays a Visit to GFXBench, Might Arrive With 5-inch Display and 4GB of RAM By: Chakri Kudikala Published: Saturday, August 6, 2016, 15:25 [IST] As we all know about the fact that Google is reportedly working on two new Nexus smartphones dubbed as the Nexus Marlin and the Sailfish. Both the devices are said to be manufactured by HTC. And, now the lower end Nexus Sailfish visited the GFXBench. According to GFXBench report, the Sailfish boasts a 5-inch 1080p display with at least five finger gesture support. The smartphone will be powered by a Snapdragon 820 chipset along with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage. However, Google might release another variant with 16GB of onboard storage. SEE ALSO: FRIENDSHIP DAY Special Exchange Offers! Top 10 Smartphones to Gift Your Bestie The handset might feature a 12MP rear camera which also record 4K videos. Also, the front facing camera is of 8MP which can record QHD videos. The fingerprint sensor might be placed on the rear as seen on the 2015 Nexus smartphones. Having said that, the GFXBench report shows that the smartphone is running an Invalid Android version, but it will be certainly Android N. Also, Google is planning to release both the devices with Android N, out-of-the-box. SEE ALSO: Alleged photo of Apple iPhone 7 and 7 Plus surface online, shows off front panel The Nexus Sailfish will the successor to last year's LG made Nexus 5X and the Nexus Marlin will be the successor to Nexus 6P. The Nexus Marlin has already spotted on GFXBench nearly a month ago and might arrive with a 5.5-inch display, Snapdragon 823 chipset, 4GB of RAM, and 32GB/ 128GB internal storage. Are you excited about the new Nexus smartphones? Let us know in comments. LG Nexus 5X Huawei Nexus 6P Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Lg Nexus 5x 16 Gb 24,749 Nexus 6P (Grey, 32GB) 37,999 Gallery   |   7 Photos LG Nexus 5X +See All Read More About Nexus | google | smartphones | android | news Other articles published on Aug 6, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Here's Why You Should Take the Narendra Modi App Survey Now Apple confirms flaw in iPhone 6 Plus, agrees to repair Hurry Up! Get Reliance Jio SIM In Just 30 Minutes At Your Doorstep For Free Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK ASUS launches Zenbook 3 ultrabook in India 13th World Robot Olympiad in India for the first time Paytm Now Lets You Use Credit or Debit Card to Pay Shopkeeper Google Releases Android 7.1 Developer Preview 2 for Nexus Devices WhatsApp Rolls Out Video Streaming Feature Letting Users Save Data Buy Google Pixel from Flipkart and Grab a Whopping Rs. 33,000 Discount Airtel Successfully Acquired Aircel’s 4G Spectrum in 8 Circles Reliance Jio Lets You Get Change For Rs. 2,000, Shop Cashless Reliance Jio Scam: FAKE Bill Urges User to Pay Rs. 27,000 Will Reliance Jio Announce Welcome Offer 2 on December 28? Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets Panasonic Eluga Mark 2 HTC 10 evo Zopo Color C1 ZP331 Intex Ultra 2400 Zopo Color C ZP330 Zopo Color C3 Intex Mega 2400 Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Intex Mega 2400Philips E105Lenovo Phab 2 PlusAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLPanasonic P71Intex Aqua Power MMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusIntex Aqua Pro 4GVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 Plus Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu EVERYTHING STARTS IN A FORUM Here’s the message announcing the World Wide Web 25 years ago Written by Mike Murphy Obsession The Next Billion August 06, 2016 Tim Berners-Lee, World Wide Web creator and forum poster. (AP Photo/Jim Rogash) Share Written by Mike Murphy Obsession The Next Billion August 06, 2016 Before there was Google, or Facebook, or YouTube, or even AOL, there was Tim. Twenty-five years ago, on Aug. 6, 1991, someone asked a question on an internet forum. The response was the first public acknowledgement of the World Wide Web—the backbone on which all websites function, and the genesis of our modern internet culture and arguably the start of the digital communication revolution in which billions of people can now talk to each other, access any piece of information or order pretty much anything they want instantaneously. The first website, which was literally a website explaining what a website was, went online in November 1992. It was created by Tim Berners-Lee, at the time a researcher at CERN (the European Organization for Nuclear Research). But before the site went live, Berners-Lee brought up the project he was working on—hyperlinks, the technology that allows pieces of information to be linked to each other on the internet—on a Usenet page. Usenet was a pre-web forum when just a couple million people were on the internet; its archives have since been acquired by Google. If you want to find the first rumblings of the modern web online now, you have to trudge through some incompletely archived pages on Google Groups. Berners-Lee was responding to a question someone asked about whether anyone knew anyone working on the concept of hyperlinks. As one of the people directly working on that exact topic he seemed perfectly situated to respond. Here’s what he said: The WorldWideWeb (WWW) project aims to allow links to be made to any information anywhere. The address format includes an access method (=namespace), and for most name spaces a hostname and some sort of path. We have a prototype hypertext editor for the NeXT, and a browser for line mode terminals which runs on almost anything. These can access files either locally, NFS mounted, or via anonymous FTP. They can also go out using a simple protocol (HTTP) to a server which interprets some other data and returns equivalent hypertext files. For example, we have a server running on our mainframe (http://cernvm.cern.ch/FIND in WWW syntax) which makes all the CERN computer center documentation available. The HTTP protocol allows for a keyword search on an index, which generates a list of matching documents as annother virtual hypertext document. If you’re interested in using the code, mail me. It’s very prototype, but available by anonymous FTP from info.cern.ch. It’s copyright CERN but free distribution and use is not normally a problem. The NeXTstep editor can also browse news. If you are using it to read this, then click on this: <http://info.cern.ch/hypertext/WWW/TheProject.html> to find out more about the project. We haven’t put the news access into the line mode browser yet. We also have code for a hypertext server. You can use this to make files available (like anonymous FTP but faster because it only uses one connection). You can also hack it to take a hypertext address and generate a virtual hypertext document from any other data you have – database, live data etc. It’s just a question of generating plain text or SGML (ugh! but standard) mark-up on the fly. The browsers then parse it on the fly. The WWW project was started to allow high energy physicists to share data, news, and documentation. We are very interested in spreading the web to other areas, and having gateway servers for other data. Collaborators welcome! I’ll post a short summary as a separate article. Other than dated references to things like the NeXT computer system (the computer and company Steve Jobs developed after getting booted from Apple in 1985 before returning in 1997) and calling the web the “WorldWideWeb” as one word, what’s interesting here is how Berners-Lee envisioned the web being used. He saw it as a place that academics could share information, rather than a place that reality TV celebrities could worry about what phone to get next, or where multibillion-dollar corporations could spring up to categorize and sell advertising against all of its content. Berners-Lee followed up with a little more information on how hyperlinking would actually work: The WWW project merges the techniques of information retrieval and hypertext to make an easy but powerful global information system. The project started with the philosophy that much academic information should be freely available to anyone. It aims to allow information sharing within internationally dispersed teams, and the dissemination of information by support groups. Reader view The WWW world consists of documents, and links. Indexes are special documents which, rather than being read, may be searched. The result of such a search is another (“virtual”) document containing links to the documents found. A simple protocol (“HTTP”) is used to allow a browser program to request a keyword search by a remote information server. The web contains documents in many formats. Those documents which are hypertext, (real or virtual) contain links to other documents, or places within documents. All documents, whether real, virtual or indexes, look similar to the reader and are contained within the same addressing scheme. To follow a link, a reader clicks with a mouse (or types in a number if he or she has no mouse). To search and index, a reader gives keywords (or other search criteria). These are the only operations necessary to access the entire world of data. Information provider view The WWW browsers can access many existing data systems via existing protocols (FTP, NNTP) or via HTTP and a gateway. In this way, the critical mass of data is quickly exceeded, and the increasing use of the system by readers and information suppliers encourage each other. Making a web is as simple as writing a few SGML files which point to your existing data. Making it public involves running the FTP or HTTP daemon, and making at least one link into your web from another. In fact, any file available by anonymous FTP can be immediately linked into a web. The very small start-up effort is designed to allow small contributions. At the other end of the scale, large information providers may provide an HTTP server with full text or keyword indexing. The WWW model gets over the frustrating incompatibilities of data format between suppliers and reader by allowing negotiation of format between a smart browser and a smart server. This should provide a basis for extension into multimedia, and allow those who share application standards to make full use of them across the web. This summary does not describe the many exciting possibilities opened up by the WWW project, such as efficient document caching. the reduction of redundant out-of-date copies, and the use of knowledge daemons. There is more information in the online project documentation, including some background on hypertext and many technical notes. Try it A prototype (very alpha test) simple line mode browser is currently available in source form from node info.cern.ch [currently 128.141.201.74] as /pub/WWW/WWWLineMode_0.9.tar.Z. Also available is a hypertext editor for the NeXT using the NeXTStep graphical user interface, and a skeleton server daemon. Documentation is readable using www (Plain text of the installation instructions is included in the tar file!). Document http://info.cern.ch/hypertext/WWW/TheProject.html is as good a place to start as any. Note these coordinates may change with later releases. What started out as a way of connecting researchers, in much the same way that the internet itself started out as a way of connecting universities (and military facilities), has ballooned over the last 25 years into the most important communication tool since the Gutenberg press. Sadly, most scientific research papers are not freely available online, but at least I can easily tell you which type of cookie you are, or which fast-food chain best represents you. So there’s that. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Jump to navigation Secondary Menu Jobs Offices Contact us For the media Search: Menu Donate EDF and Google Map, Measure Local Methane Leaks from U.S. Utilities, Find Tight System in Mesa, Ariz., Thanks to Robust Repair Strategy Project Highlights Hidden Climate Risk, Showcases Untapped Opportunity; Online Maps Help Utilities, Regulators Nationwide Prioritize System Upgrades August 2, 2016 Contact:  Kelsey Robinson, (512) 691-3404, krobinson@edf.org Amy McConnell, (480) 644-6559, amy.mcconnell@mesaaz.gov (MESA, AZ – August 2, 2016) Environmental Defense Fund and Google Earth Outreach are using specially equipped Google Street View mapping cars equipped to locate and measure methane released from thousands of leaks in the natural gas lines beneath cities across America. But in Mesa, Arizona, they found just a few small emitters. That’s because the city-owned utility and others around the state have been proactive in replacing and maintaining older, leak-prone pipes.   “We are proud of Mesa’s high standards when it comes to keeping our natural gas lines above safety and environmental requirements,” said Frank McRae, Energy Resources Director for the City of Mesa. “The results illustrate our dedication to safety and reliability for our customers and the city.”   The City of Mesa has a history of high standards regarding leak detection and safety. For example, Mesa Energy Resources played an active role in the development of the federal Gas Distribution Integrity Management Program, which the city adopted in 2010, a year before the required deadline. Maps showing the low number of leaks in Mesa compared to the widespread problem in other cities are at www.edf.org/climate/methanemaps. A video on the project is at http://tinyurl.com/MethaneMaps. All utilities are required to monitor their lines and quickly fix leaks that pose a safety threat. But smaller or more remote leaks can – and often do – go undetected or unrepaired for long periods. This doesn’t usually pose a safety risk, but the escaping gas – which is mostly methane – has a powerful effect on the climate, packing 84 times the warming effect of carbon dioxide over a 20-year timeframe. Over time, those emissions can do a lot of damage; reducing them can have an immediate benefit to the climate. “Methane leaks are a serious environmental challenge for utilities everywhere, and a waste of customer resources. Fixing them is a quick way to dramatically reduce greenhouse emissions,” said Mary Gade, a former state and federal environmental official now working with EDF on the mapping project. “Mesa has done a good job keeping up with the investments needed to protect their system. The city is setting a good example for others around the country.” But even cities like Mesa have room to make further progress. To further reduce pipeline leaks, for example, EDF says that Arizona utilities should be required to use state-of-the-art measurement and detection technology, conduct more frequent leak surveys, and make the results publicly available. The Mesa City Council recently committed to improving their data practices and openness as one of the first cities selected for the Bloomberg Philanthropies “What Works Cities” initiative, making this an opportune time to consider using better data acquisition and analysis tools to advance utilities’ leak management efforts in Mesa, and throughout Arizona. “Arizona has a strong regulatory framework for leak repair and management. But better data can help ensure that utilities are investing their resources more cost effectively, and getting the biggest bang for their customer dollars,” Gade said. “Leaks that are a safety threat should always be fixed immediately, but after that, utilities should be tackling those with the greatest emissions, which pose the most serious threat to the environment.” Early detection of natural gas leaks benefits both customers and the environment, and has the potential to reduce the need for costly and disruptive emergency repairs. Utilities in New York and California are already publishing dynamic maps of their natural gas leaks. Publically sharing geographically-attributed leak data can help regulators and ratepayers track utility performance, and ensure cost-efficient emission reductions. The researchers in Mesa collected 600,000 data points driving 200 miles of roadway in and around the city, and found just three leaks. Google cars took readings in March and April 2016. The maps therefore represent a snapshot, and may not reflect current leaks due to repairs or other changes. New Technology Means Better Opportunity The mapping project was developed in collaboration with scientists at Colorado State University and Google Earth Outreach. EDF has been working with utilities in cities around the U.S., including Boston, Chicago, New York and Los Angeles to demonstrate technology to detect leaks and assess leak sizes quickly and more efficiently. Data from the project is being used by New Jersey’s largest utility, Public Service Electric and Gas, as part of an ongoing $905 million pipeline replacement program that was approved by the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities. The technology in this pilot project is newer and more sensitive than devices typically used by utilities to detect leaks on their systems. It has the capability to find and measure leaks that wouldn’t necessarily turn up or warrant repair based on safety concerns alone, but which do add up to a major environmental issue and costs to ratepayers. EDF and researchers at Colorado State University spent four years testing and fine-tuning the technology.   # # # Environmental Defense Fund (edf.org), a leading international nonprofit organization, creates transformational solutions to the most serious environmental problems. EDF links science, economics, law, and innovative private-sector partnerships. Connect with us on Twitter, Facebook, and our Energy Exchange blog.  both Print Email to friend Stay informed Get updates and action alerts on environmental issues. Read our privacy policy. Donate now Main menu Home What we do How we work Our impact How you can help About us Blog About How you can help Blogs Jobs Media Publications & documents MyEDF Contact Signup for email alerts Read our privacy policy. EDF 257 Park Avenue South, New York, NY 10010 Donations/General Information (800) 684-3322 or email us Media contacts | Other contacts | About this site | Privacy policy Copyright © 2016 Environmental Defense Fund. All Rights Reserved. back to top
Call 01 862 1611 8 °C Dublin Home News Northside East Southside Northside West Digital Editions Entertainment Gallery Noticeboard Poll Place Ad Classifieds Advertise Digital Advertising Online Directory Contact Us News Be a virtual tourist from home Saturday, 6th August, 2016 10:00am Story by Jack Gleeson The Google Trekker capturing Howth Head. The Google Trekker capturing Howth Head.View More Images FAILTE Ireland and Google have come up with a solution for anybody who feels like a bit of sightseeing, but can’t find the time. Ireland’s most remote and beautiful locations can now be seen on Google Street View meaning you can check out our stunning countryside without leaving the comfort of home. Locations such as Erris Head Loop on the Wild Atlantic Way, Melifont Abbey in Ireland’s Ancient East and Howth Head in Dublin can now be accessed in Street View, and seen from all angles with 360 degree views.  Throughout last year, Fáilte Ireland borrowed the Google Trekker to document many of Ireland’s remotest tourism beauty spots for Street View. The Trekker is a wearable backpack, with a camera system on top. It can be walked through pedestrian walkways or trails on foot, and automatically gathers images as it goes. And Fáilte Ireland have used it to capture some great images from along the Wild Atlantic Way, throughout Ireland’s Ancient East and in Dublin city and county. Starting along the Wild Atlantic Way, Fáilte Ireland employees captured sights such as islands like Inishbofin, Achill, the Blaskets and Dun Aengus on Inish Mor as well as other significant destinations such as Sliabh Liag, Croagh Patrick and Mizen Head. They also captured many of the highlights of Ireland’s Ancient East, including the narrow streets of medieval towns, the grounds of stately homes and iconic attractions such as Newgrange. The specialised camera was also used to capture parts of the Dublin experience, particularly many of its scenic walks in places such as Howth Head, Sandycove and the Royal Canal. Daragh Anglim, Fáilte Ireland’s Head of Marketing, explained how the project can benefit tourism. “We know that the vast majority of people use the internet to research their holidays,” he said. “People want to see where they are going even before they get here. Partnering with Google on this project means that millions worldwide will get to explore these beautiful remote parts of Ireland through stunning panoramic imagery. “We believe that when they see these images people will be encouraged to make the crucial decision to come over here to see the real thing. “In Fáilte Ireland, we are constantly searching for the most innovative and effective ways to give Ireland an edge in the competitive global tourism market. “We have world class landscapes, sights and experiences - the more we can share, the more visitors we can attract. The use of Google Trekker was therefore a logical and welcome addition to our significant investment and focus on digital channels to promote Ireland. Communications Manager with Google, Emily Clarke, also thinks the project can have huge tourism benefits. “The Google Trekker can capture Street View imagery in some of world’s remotest places, places where the car just can’t go,” she said. “And now, people around the world will be able to see the beautiful landscape of Ireland’s east coast and beyond right from their phone or computer. “We are delighted to be partnering with Fáilte Ireland to bring Street View imagery to an area of Ireland that is known for its outstanding natural beauty and we hope it will also encourage more people to visit this stunning area.” Read 1712 Email Print Related Articles 23 Nov 2016Fundraiser is a piece of cake 19 Nov 2016TRAVEL: Swap winter sun for some winter fun 13 Nov 2016Six slices of holiday paradise Latest Gallery Southside Sport Read the digital editions of the Dublin People Northside East, Northside West & Southside here Next Story HAPPENINGS: A few things worth checking out around the city 26 Oct 2016Here are a few things happening around the city over the coming days. Tweets by @dublinpeople Wednesday November 23rd17:53 PM Dublin 8°C Partly sunny Real Feel 6°C 11 km/h - NNE Cookies on Dublin People website We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Dublin People website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time by amending your browser settings. How does Dublin People use cookies? Cookies enable us to identify your device, or you when you have logged in. We use cookies that are strictly necessary to enable you to move around the site or to provide certain basic features. We use cookies to enhance the functionality of the website by storing your preferences, for example. We also use cookies to help us to improve the performance of our website to provide you with a better user experience. We don�t sell the information collected by cookies, nor do we disclose the information to third parties, except where required by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies). Hide Message Menu Home News Gallery Noticeboard ePaper Place Ad Classified Advertise Competition About Us Contact Us
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Demonetisation: Here’s how India could transform itself into a digital economy 12   Comments Microsoft exec calls out Apple on its aging Mac hardware; and he’s right By Anirudh Regidi 7   Comments Why I want to swap my Google Nexus 6P for a OnePlus 3T By Kunal Khullar 6   Comments Narendra Modi app seeks opinion on demonetisation of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes By tech2 News Staff 6   Comments You will lose your Google account if you sell your Google Pixel device 4   Comments more from #Google Google announces seven startups selected for its Launchpad Accelerator program Head mounted augmented reality glasses not safe for use while driving: Study New update adds double-tap and raise-to-wake on Pixel smartphones Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google’s self-driving car project director Chris Urmson submits his resignation #Google Image: Forbes 1 By tech2 News Staff /  06 Aug 2016 , 12:47 Chris Urmson has officially announced his departure from self-driving car project at Google. After working seven and a half years as director on the project, he announced his resignation through a blog post. “After leading our cars through the human equivalent of 150 years of driving and helping our project make the leap from pure research to developing a product that we hope someday anyone will be able to use, I am ready for a fresh challenge. I have every confidence that the mission is in capable hands” wrote Urmson. Google hired former Hyundai exec John Krafcik last year as the CEO of its car division and according to The New York Times Urmson was not very happy with Krafcik’s decisions.” Urmson became a part of Google after working on self-driving car technology at Carnegie Mellon to win DARPA challenges. He made Google’s project go from 100,000 miles of self-driving to 1.8 million miles which does include a few accidents here and there. He hasn’t confirmed as to where he is headed but he did say that “If I can find another project that turns into an obsession and becomes something more, I will consider myself twice lucky.” Tags: Autonomous Car, Chris Urmson, Google, Google Self-driving project, Google Self-driving project director Also read Google self-drive CEO: No plans to expand Fiat Chrysler partnership With scrutiny rising, Google self-driving car project names general counsel X Recommended For You New update adds double-tap and raise-to-wake on Pixel smartphones Moto Z and Moto Z Force to get Android Nougat 7.0 update and Daydream compatibility this week Fake News problem: reading news on the internet for dummies Media watchers say more needs to be done to stop the menace of fake news Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Malware Nov 23, 2016 Malware allows hackers to use headphones as microphones to spy on you #Xiaomi Nov 23, 2016 CES 2017: Xiaomi to launch a global ‘innovative’ product at its CES debut in 2017 #ITU Nov 23, 2016 Over forty percent of the population in India does not own even a basic feature phone: ITU report #Demonetisation Nov 23, 2016 Demonetisation: Transaction fee on card payments and railway e-tickets waived till 31 December #AR Nov 23, 2016 Head mounted augmented reality glasses not safe for use while driving: Study SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Google is bringing AMP to mobile search so it will be the new normal by Nate Swanner — in Google 485 shares Google’s AMP webpages are making their way to mobile Search. The company is bringing AMP results directly to search on your smartphone or tablet to make stripped-down articles and webpages easier to find. AMP is Google’s initiative to break the Web down into digestible chunks of easy-to-read articles. It strips down much of the clutter you’ll find on any webpage (likely even the one you’re reading this article on) into a more readable format with less ads. TNW Answers Your questions answered by founders, experts and thought leaders in business, design and tech. Join a chat Recently, Google announced that even ads would be AMPlified. All told, AMP is Google’s way of breaking down and rebuilding the Web it so famously catalogs for us. In mobile search, AMP webpages will show up as blue links with lightning bolts next to them (because AMP pages load so quickly, I assume). The project is currently in developer preview, but Google plans to launch it widely later this year. Its main goal with this project is to take AMP beyond news sites and into the mainstream. If you’d like to see what’s available, visit g.co/ampdemo from a mobile device. https://techcrunch.com/2016/08/02/googles-amp-expands-beyond-news/ on TechCrunch Read next: Firefox 48 makes the third-place browser worth revisiting Google Share on Facebook (98) Share on Twitter (235) Nate Swanner is a reporter from Portland, OR, US. Happy to hear your thoughts on nate@thenextweb.com or @NateSwanner on Twitter. TNW's West Coast writer in the PNW (Portland, Oregon). Nate loves amplifying developers, and codes in Swift when he's not writing. If you need to get in touch, Twitter or email are your best bets. Contact Mail Tweet Location Portland, OR, US Posts 1654 Posts / mo. 89.37   All posts by Nate > The latest articles around Google Google Play is adding support for introductory discounts on Android app subscriptions Abhimanyu Ghoshal See what the fuss is about: Enter to win a brand-new Google Pixel XL smartphone TNW Deals Google's Daydream View VR headset-controller combo hits stores next week Abhimanyu Ghoshal Shh. Here's some distraction Is Mark Zuckerberg onto something? TNW 5 ways to deal with expenses and reimbursements TNW with Expenditure Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal These omnidirectional conveyor belts are a total trip Juan Buis You can now learn the basics of coding with Disney's Moana Matthew Hughes I can't stop mashing up Twitter accounts with this hilarious website Juan Buis Comments Recommended A tale of tech giants: How Philips competes with the likes of Google to reinvent an entire industry Melissa Thompson Most popular 1 New Facebook feature lets you find nearby Wi-Fi Bryan Clark 2 Tesla powers an entire island with solar energy to flex its mighty panels Mix 3 The death of net neutrality begins today Bryan Clark 4 Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal 5 Study: 80 percent of students can't tell the difference between an ad and a news story Bryan Clark Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Uber Work that moves you Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Nadella says next Microsoft phone will be the "ultimate mobile device" Napier Lopez The UK wants to give startups £400 million to prevent foreign buyouts Matthew Hughes Study: iPhone owners tend to be more superficial than Android users Mix Snag a pair of the world’s smallest charging cables for just $20 TNW Deals This iPhone still works after a year on the bottom of an icy lake Juan Buis Samsung is wrongly recalling older Galaxy smartphones as Note 7's Mix Google Pixel update brings nifty double-tap and raise-to-wake features Mix You can finally catch everyone's favorite in Pokémon Go Juan Buis Experts call on Clinton to challenge election results over hacking fears Abhimanyu Ghoshal Telegram launches Telegraph to let you publish articles anonymously Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook has reportedly built a tool to censor content in China Abhimanyu Ghoshal Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal Study: 80 percent of students can't tell the difference between an ad and a news story Bryan Clark Oculus Rift owners can stream Xbox One games to their headset starting next month Bryan Clark New battery concept could charge in seconds, last for days Bryan Clark @JPerelman On Twitter, you get 140 chars to be worth paying attention to, no matter who you are. Share Upcoming Events CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2016 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Locality World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# demonetization War on Black Money Donald Trump Narendra Modi Bigg Boss 10 Home Sci/Tech Google Chrome 52 for Android: Reduces battery, data consumption by video Shares5 DNA Web Team | Sat, 6 Aug 2016-12:09pm , Mumbai , DNA webdesk Google has now released a stable Chrome 52 build for Android users. Google has unveiled a new version of Chrome for Android, version 52, which brings in improvements and also promises a better battery life along with reduced data usage as well. Google mentioned in a blog, “Web video is huge, with over a billion hours played in Chrome every week on sites like Amazon, Facebook, The New York Times, Netflix and YouTube. Much of that is on mobile devices, and we want to make your viewing experience great.” With the new update, users will be able to see smoother playback and faster load times. Additionally, videos will now start playing sooner instead of pausing briefly before loading, and Google claims that the battery will last longer too. Video will work with Data Saver Mode, which is said to save as much as 50 percent on data by showing a lightweight version of the video. The company also added, “With more publishers and sites moving to HTML5, your video experience on Chrome will just keep getting better.” DNA Web Team TOP TOP < UP: 2 labourers in Mainpuri beaten to death by cops for refusing to pay Rs 100 bribe   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Researchers prove any headphone could be used for eavesdropping Sci/Tech Know your scientist: Srinivasa Ramanujan Sci/Tech NASA probe set course for closest-ever flyby to Saturn's rings Sci/Tech Five apps to up your dating game Sci/Tech Asus ZenBook 3 review: A wrestler in a waif’s body Sci/Tech Facebook testing new feature that lets you find free Wi-Fi Next Article > Newly formed government set up to ensure that Gujarat remains high progressed state in the country: Nalin Kohli < Previous ArticleNext Article > UP: 2 labourers in Mainpuri beaten to death by cops for refusing to pay Rs 100 bribe Next node Newly formed government set up to ensure that Gujarat remains high progressed state in the country: Nalin Kohli Related South Korea blocks Google export of map data Qualcomm launches Snapdragon 835 SoC with Quick Charge 4.0 Mark Zuckerberg unveils record-setting wireless broadband service beamed from aircraft Video ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! View all Tags Google Google Chrome google chrome Android Google Android Web Excluisve Amazon Facebook google chrome android download chrome 52 google chrome 52 google chrome 52 features SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Be more circumspect: EC issues advisory to Puducherry LG Kiran Bedi Punjab Elections 2017- Navjot Kaur, Pargat Singh to join Congress, confirms Amarinder Singh UK's new visa rules from Thursday will affect Indians, non-EU nationals Control your troops, refrain from 'nefarious activities': Indian DGMO to Pakistan Day after Indian soldier's body mutilated, Pakistan PM Sharif terms India's counter offensive as 'naked aggression' Sport DSK Shivajians FC sign Serbian centre-back Sasha Kolunija ISL 2016: Mumbai City FC outclass Chennaiyin 2-0, reach play-offs for first time Accept defeat in a graceful manner: Sehwag blasts British press for ball tampering allegations against Kohli Ranji Trophy: Hyderabad opener Tanmay Agarwal taken to hospital after blow to head BCCI never responded to ICC mails on Indo-Pak women's matches Entertainment Revealed: The real reason why Shah Rukh Khan is a part of Alia Bhatt's 'Dear Zindagi' Alia Bhatt's sister Shaheen Bhatt OPENS UP on battling depression Blast from the past: Did you know that Katrina Kaif featured in this old Fevicol ad? This is what Deepika Padukone's doing to prep for 'Padmavati' Bigg Boss 10 | Om Swami and Nitibha Kaul get into a heated argument! Money Demonetization effect: SBI cuts bulk deposit rates by up to 1.9% Mistry retracts remarks on TCS sale after Tata veterans rubbish claims Demonetization effect: Jan Dhan account deposits spike to Rs 21,000 crore Tata Motors to convene EGM on Dec 22 to oust Mistry, Wadia as directors Overcoming demonetization: Farmers given more cash access, debit card charges waived Partner site: Zee News ©2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Head of Google’s self-driving car effort hits the road Head of Google’s self-driving car effort hits the road Google has driven its autonomous cars some 1.5 million miles (2.4 million kilometers) with only some minor dust-ups. By: AFP | San Francisco | Published:August 6, 2016 12:36 pm Autonomous cars were among the big-vision ideas being pursued by an X Lab at Google at the time. The chief technology officer for Google’s self-driving car mission announced on Saturday he would be hitting the road, and that the day marked his last at the company. Roboticist Chris Urmson said in a blog post that after leading the autonomous car team and helping make the leap from research to development, he is “ready for a fresh challenge.” He did not specify what that challenge might be. “I have every confidence that the mission is in capable hands,” Urmson said. “It has been a privilege and honor to be part of a team that has been at the forefront of bringing this life-saving technology to the world.” Genelia Deshmukh On Being A Mother And Bollywood Career Bigg Boss 10 November 22 Review: Bani Lashes Out At Swami Om, Manoj Punjabi Demonetisation: Supreme Court Refuses To Stay Proceedings Why Is Jammu Kashmir’s Machil Sector Seen As A Safe Passage For Infiltrators Amartya Sen No Longer Part Of Nalanda University Board Government Plans To Bring GST Bills As Money Bills: Here’s Why Demonetisation: Relief For Common Man: Find Out More Salman Khan And Family Celebrate Helen’s Birthday At Galaxy Apartments Demonetisation: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Defends Government’s Move Aamir Khan’s Dangal Pales In Comparison To Surroundings Of Mahavir Singh Phogat’s Village J&K: 3 Soldiers Killed, Body Of One Mutilated In Machhal Sector PM Narendra Modi Asks People To Rate Demonetisation Ex-Gujarat Energy Minister Has Financial Interest In 8 Onshore Oil Blocks: Find Out More US President-Elect Donald Trump Lays Out Agenda For First 100 Days Modi Keynote Prank App Spurns Several Clones Urmson joined what was then a secret project inside California-based Google a little more than seven years ago. Autonomous cars were among the big-vision ideas being pursued by an X Lab at Google at the time. Urmson had previously been a research scientist on a Carnegie Mellon University self-driving car team that fielded a contender in a competition by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, an arm of the US military focused on new technology. US media reported that Urmson may have been unhappy with the project’s trajectory since a car industry executive was hired last year to turn it into its own company at Google parent Alphabet. “Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality,” Google spokesman Johnny Luu said in response to an AFP inquiry. Luu maintained that Urmson is departing “with our warmest wishes” and would not comment on reports that he may have clashed with the team’s new boss. Google has driven its autonomous cars some 1.5 million miles (2.4 million kilometers) with only some minor dust-ups. In May the company announced plans for its self-driving car programme to put down roots in the Detroit area with a technology center. The facility will house engineers and others testing vehicles provided by Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, Alphabet said at the time. The 53,000 square foot (5,000 square meter) center will enable Google and its partners to “further develop and refine self-driving technology,” according to Alphabet. Google added 100 new 2017 Chrysler Pacifica hybrid vehicles to its fleet of self-driving vehicles in a major expansion that same month. Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPakistan says three of its soldiers killed in cross border firing; 'response to ceasefire violations,' says Army BusinessHuge surge in Jan Dhan account deposits, Rs 21,000 crore mobilised IndiaNavjot Kaur Sidhu, Pargat Singh will join Congress on Nov 28: Amarinder Singh IndiaDemonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to Opposition, PM likely to attend RS tomorrow BusinessFormer Tata Steel honcho rebuts Cyrus Mistry charges on Corus buy EntertainmentAlia Bhatt is like Jennifer Lawrence: a star who’s also terrific actor EntertainmentBefikre's song Khulke-Dhulke: Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor and a Bollywood Punjabi wedding, watch video EntertainmentBaahubali 2 leaked scene may have done more good than harm EntertainmentSalman Khan meets his onscreen son Ali Haji after nine years. These pics will make you feel so old Must Read SportsParthiv Patel replaces Saha for Mohali Test SportsFaf denies cheating, says being made 'scapegoat' SportsIndia women forfeit Pakistan matches TechnologyAsus Zenbook 3 UX390 Review: Sleek and powerful, but the price tag is high TechnologyFacebook claims its helping move business with real results TechnologyOnePlus 3 vs iPhone 6: Which is the better mid-range flagship? LifestyleWATCH: Priyanka Chopra's hairstylist reveals her style secrets (or at least tries to!) Nov 23: Latest News PV Sindhu advances to next round in Hong Kong Super Series Demonetisation breaks marriage in Delhi ISL 2016: Mumbai City book a place in the semi finals, win comfortably against Chennaiyin FC Sri Lanka snatch thrilling over West Indies I-T Department seize Rs 3 crore cash which went missing from Dimapur airport                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Wed, Nov 23, 2016 | Updated 11.23 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Google Translate is now even better Nextbit Robin starts receiving Android 7.0 Nougat beta update 'Over 1,377 social media URLs blocked during the last three years' These Indian startups will join Google's Launchpad Accelerator programme Fintech will help create more jobs in Asia Pacific, says UNDP Here's how US government plans to make driving safer for smartphone users Panasonic to launch new air purifier range in India Xiaomi Mi Mix Nano to launch in first week of December 2016 Samsung announces buy now, 'pay later' offer on durables Pegasystems ties up with TalentSprint to expand academic programme FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Social Rio Olympics 2016: How to catch all the action on Facebook, TwitterGaurav Laghate & Anumeha Chaturvedi Social networking sites Facebook and Twitter and internet search giant Google have rolled out special features and emojis to let people add some Olympic spirit to their digital communications. | ET Bureau | Aug 6, 2016, 11.52 AM IST Social networking sites Facebook and Twitter and internet search giant Google have rolled out special features and emojis to let people add some Olympic spirit to their digital communications. "Twitter is the place where all the live action is at present," Aneesh Madani, head of sports partnerships at Twitter India told ET. "With over 1,700 international and 35 top Indian athletes tweeting live, we have most diverse range of voices our users can connect to. And it's not just following their heroes, or experts, we also have the official account of Olympic Flame, tweeting in first person." READ ALSO: Rio Olympics 2016: Virtual Reality, special edition Galaxy and other top tech on show Additionally, Twitter has launched over 250 emojis related to the Olympics -- from flags to medals to sports. Users can tweet with # followed by three letter country-code to unlock a special Twitter emoji with the national flag. The hashtags that trigger the emojis will be available in English, French, Portuguese and Spanish. The hashtags that trigger sports emojis, as well as #Rio2016 and #Olympics, are also available in Japanese, Korean and Arabic. All emojis will be available in the coming days. Similarly, Vine and Periscope will offer fans inside access, commentary, highlights and conversation throughout the Games, Madani said. Facebook is launching profile frames, masks and more for users. People can show support and cheer for their country or favourite teams by adding a frame to their profile picture. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News Social media engagement greatly impacts consumer spending: Study 19 Facebook tips and tricks everyone should know Twitter rolls out QR code support for Android and iOS Deleting Instagram account has been like a detox, says Kendall Jenner This Chrome extension can detect fake news on Facebook From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Apple iPad Pro, iPhone 7 available at a discount of up to Rs 28,900 Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users TCS: Cyrus Mistry caused 'enormous harm' to the IT company IITs: Pre-placement salaries hit record high Apple MacBook Pro with ‘Touch Bar’ launched, prices start at Rs 1,55,900 Reliance Jio to launch phones with unlimited voice, video calling starting at Rs 1,000 Facebook is changing, says no to "Clickbait" Facebook to celebrate birthdays with videos Twitter can help spread healthcare -related news: Study Facebook's Messenger app has now 1 billion active users Twitter now let’s anyone enjoy a ‘Celebrity’ status with verified accounts Facebook starts testing offline video feature on Android Turkey coup: Facebook, Twitter, YouTube access restricted US college sports to be live-streamed on Twitter 1Rio Olympics 2016: How to catch all the action on Facebook, Twitter 2Facebook is changing, says no to "Clickbait" 3Facebook to celebrate birthdays with videos 4Twitter can help spread healthcare -related news: Study 5Facebook's Messenger app has now 1 billion active users 6Twitter now let’s anyone enjoy a ‘Celebrity’ status with verified accounts 7Facebook starts testing offline video feature on Android 8Turkey coup: Facebook, Twitter, YouTube access restricted 9US college sports to be live-streamed on Twitter GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Nokia P1 Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Oppo F1s 64GB Umi Plus E Lyf Wind 7i OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, November 24, 2016 12:29 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Head of Google’s self-driving car effort hits the road Saturday August 6, 2016 02:36 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Man United to extend Ibrahimovic deal by one year, says Mourinho The Edit: Six things about Barron, the youngest Trump kid Khairy: Harimau Malaysia’s fate in Suzuki Cup for Cabinet to decide Perak Health Dept: Malaria on the rise in Gerik’s Orang Asli settlement Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article File photo of Chris Urmson, Director of the Self Driving Cars Project at Google, California September 29, 2015. — Reuters picSAN FRANCISCO, Aug 6 — The chief technology officer for Google’s self-driving car mission announced today he would be hitting the road, and that the day marked his last at the company. Roboticist Chris Urmson said in a blog post that after leading the autonomous car team and helping make the leap from research to development, he is “ready for a fresh challenge.” He did not specify what that challenge might be. “I have every confidence that the mission is in capable hands,” Urmson said. “It has been a privilege and honor to be part of a team that has been at the forefront of bringing this life-saving technology to the world.” Urmson joined what was then a secret project inside California-based Google a little more than seven years ago. Autonomous cars were among the big-vision ideas being pursued by an X Lab at Google at the time. Urmson had previously been a research scientist on a Carnegie Mellon University self-driving car team that fielded a contender in a competition by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, an arm of the US military focused on new technology. US media reported that Urmson may have been unhappy with the project’s trajectory since a car industry executive was hired last year to turn it into its own company at Google parent Alphabet. “Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality,” Google spokesman Johnny Luu said in response to an AFP inquiry. Luu maintained that Urmson is departing “with our warmest wishes” and would not comment on reports that he may have clashed with the team’s new boss. Google has driven its autonomous cars some 2.4 million kilometers with only some minor dust-ups. In May the company announced plans for its self-driving car program to put down roots in the Detroit area with a technology center. The facility will house engineers and others testing vehicles provided by Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, Alphabet said at the time. The 5,000 square meter center will enable Google and its partners to “further develop and refine self-driving technology,” according to Alphabet. Google added 100 new 2017 Chrysler Pacifica hybrid vehicles to its fleet of self-driving vehicles in a major expansion that same month. The collaboration with Fiat Chrysler marked the first time the internet giant has worked directly with an automaker to build self-driving vehicles. The tech giant began testing its autonomous driving technology in 2009 using a Toyota Prius equipped with Google equipment. It now has some 70 vehicles, including Lexus cars, adapted by Google in addition to its in-house designed cars unveiled in 2014. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Chinese-made US$100b city in Johor 'scares the hell out of everybody' Merkel ‘not happy’ Trump scrapping Pacific trade deal Malaysia refrains from cutting interest rate as ringgit tumbles Cathay Pacific now accepts ringgit for inflight transactions Automakers seek to cut inventories with Black Friday, holiday promotions Chinese-made US$100b city in Johor 'scares the hell out of everybody' Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Bank Negara Malaysia says it is intervening in currency market Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: China goes global as Trump puts America first Kids and parents react to 'Beauty and the Beast' Reuters Video: Antigua PM gives Prince Harry awkward honeymoon invite MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Red Shirts heckle yellow-shirted Bersih participants MMOTV: A Red Shirts supporter hurls abuse at Bersih supporters Related Articles Facebook in crosshairs as fake news battle heats up Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Google to name and shame the web’s worst malware offenders Daydream View brings Google’s VR experience to five countries Google hawks hardware in real-world ‘showroom’ Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
null
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Advertise A Beginner’s Guide to Social Media Strategy Social Media Christina BaldassarreJuly 15, 2016 VIP CONTRIBUTOR 2.0KSHARES 6.2KREADS 2.0KSHARES 6.2KREADS VIP CONTRIBUTORChristina Baldassarre 2.0KSHARES 6.2KREADS Editor’s Note: This is a section of our completely redone SEO Guide. Enjoy! The role of social media in SEO and the question whether SEO is impacted by social media at all is often debated. This section will briefly sum up if and how SEO is impacted by social networks and go over instantly implementable best practices that are proven to be effective. The role of social media within a marketing strategy is changing. When people refer to SEO, they more often mean marketing online in general. If you have started to dive into the world of digital marketing, you already know SEO is not a term that encompasses all kinds of online marketing, but one of many significant online marketing streams. Here are some of the most common abbreviations in online marketing: SEO (search engine optimization) SEM (search engine marketing) PPC (pay per click) SMM (social media marketing) SMO (social media optimization) All of these different streams impact each other directly or indirectly. It is important to understand the differences because the importance of the role of each of these streams has changed over the years. To understand what role social media plays now and where it’s going, let’s have a look at how we got here. A couple of years ago, it was widely assumed that social media marketing and social media optimization impacted SEO directly and even well executed SEM and PPC campaigns could increase page ranks. Businesses and agencies globally integrated their social media efforts with their SEO strategies to help Google’s algorithm recognize quality content, popularity, and influence. Companies ran campaigns for keywords they wanted to rank higher for. While not all marketers agreed there was a direct influence on ranking, it certainly was supported by many. Especially after a video aired in December 2010 stating that social signals were a factor when it came to ranking. Interestingly, the same person from that video, Google’s Matt Cutts, released a video three years later that stated that Google’s algorithm does not pick up on social signals to determine the page rank (Source: Kissmetrics). Where does this leave social media in terms of SEO? Let’s see the proof: Google stated in 2013 that its algorithm doesn’t pick up on social signals. I think that is still the case because Google says it doesn’t have the capacity to index all social media posts. This means Google does not index everything that is indexable. We do know that profile and page URLs are frequently showing up on the top of the first page of Google, so having social profiles and choosing the right profile and page names are important for SEO. The video from 2010 was based on insights from Google and Bing. Bing has not issued a public announcement that discredits their statement that social media impacts rankings on Bing. The company stated it takes “into consideration how often a link has been tweeted or retweeted, as well as the authority of the Twitter users that shared the link.” (Source: Kissmetrics) Why should we care about Bing? Around 30% of searches in the United States alone are on Bing and devices and platforms like Apple’s Siri, Kindle Fire, Amazon Fire Phone, Xbox, and Twitter are powered by Bing. (Source: Entrepreneur) Additionally, social networks are search engines, too. You can search for tweets on Twitter and use Facebook to find businesses, products, and service providers. Instagram is a great sales generator for industries such as fashion, beauty, food, and fitness just to name a few. Let’s not forget about YouTube. In each case, chances are a potential customer will check out your social profiles and pages sooner or later and they typically show up – you guess it – in organic search results on Google. A Note on Featured Social Posts on Google and Timeliness Some social media posts such as tweets can show up on the top of the first page of Google like this: What you post on social does get indexed on top of the first page on Google if it is popular enough at the right point in time. This is often referred to as featured social posts. You are already familiar with featured content, for instance, the latest news articles or Wikipedia extracts that show up on top. You can optimize a social media post by inserting the respective keyword and publishing it at the right point in time or getting a lot of traffic at the right point in time. Keep in mind that Google doesn’t have the capacity to index all social media updates, but that doesn’t mean they aren’t indexed. With access to Twitter’s firehose, Google can see tweets in real-time – which is important when it comes to the timeliness of posts. Dominate Your Geographic Area Social media posts are your ticket to dominating your local area. You can check-in to locations with Facebook, post Instagram content at a specific location, and even be selected as one of the few people to live stream an event for Snapchat. Post engagement – meaning getting comments, likes, shares, or clicks – is essential here. Luckily, it doesn’t have to be organically generated engagement, so you can push this with ads if you need to. Setting Up an Effective Social Media Strategy No matter what business or industry you are in, a social media strategy is based on three main pillars: Connect Communicate Coordinate Let’s have a look at each of those pillars and see how to apply these to your business. 1. Connect The first step when setting up a social media strategy is to connect with your audience on the right platforms. To do that, you first need to determine who your audience is. No guessing, no assuming. Get the stats. You can use any analytics tools you have to figure out who your audience is. A common mistake is to limit yourself to one customer profile, e.g. mostly 25-45, male. Instead, use Google Analytics and Facebook Audience Insights to figure out who your audience is. How to Use Facebook Audience Insights to Identify Customer Profiles Ideally, you are looking to define three to five customer profiles. This does not mean all of these are part of your ideal target audience, but typically this is the amount you will find if you are looking into who your existing audience is. The trick here is not only to look at who likes your page but to plug-in conversion data. For instance, you can upload a list of email addresses you retrieved from your newsletter subscriptions or customers’ accounts and Facebook will cross reference those with email addresses linked to Facebook profiles. To upload an email list and analyze it with Facebook Audience Insights, go to your Facebook Ads Manager. Then click on the top left corner and select “Audiences:” Then create a new custom audience: A window will pop up. Select the first option, “Customer File:” Then choose the option to upload: Once the email list is uploaded, click on the top left again and choose “Audience Insights:” Then tell Facebook that you want to analyze a custom audience by selecting “A Custom Audience:” The next step is to select which custom audience you want to analyze, in this case, your email list: ADVERTISEMENT Once you select the custom audience you want to analyze, Facebook provides you with demographics including, but not limited to gender, education, income, household composition, what care they drive, if they have children, how old the children are, and more: For startups: It’s possible that you don’t like the results of your audience analysis because it’s not who you were looking to target or you don’t have an audience yet because it’s a new business. In this case, knowing who you would like to target in the future is essential when choosing the right social media platforms. Choosing the Right Social Media Platforms The first question to ask yourself is how many social media profiles and pages you want to manage in total. If you are a startup or small business, my recommendation would be three to five. If you have the funds and time to manage more, my recommendation would be 8 to 10. When deciding what social media platforms, start with the core platforms and add other platforms based on the content format they feature. Different platforms have different advantages. For instance, Google+ pages show up in organic search results with your location on Google maps on the right-hand side of the first page of Google. Additionally, if you are using Gmail or Gmail for Work, your page will show up next to emails with a follow button or your latest updates. Having a Facebook page is a must, not only because people use Facebook as a search engine to find products and service providers but also to get reviews. Facebook reviews, as well as Google+ reviews, are great for social proof. Additionally, Facebook gives you detailed demographic insights as we’ve just seen in the Facebook Audience Insights tutorial. When choosing a social network, you should consider what kind of content you can produce, what content format would be most useful to your business, and where your audience is. According to my research with over five thousand brands, the social networks that generate the most engagement are: YouTube Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Google+ Tumblr LinkedIn Snapchat Of course, there are many more social networks, and depending on your type of business and target audience, the core platforms may be different. You should review all major social networks as well as smaller ones if they offer you exposure or traffic in a relevant niche. To learn more about Twitter marketing, check out this Marketing Nerds podcast with Twitter marketing expert Madalyn Sklar: Your browser does not support the audio element. 2. Communicate Social media is always a two-way street. You connect with your audience, and they connect with you. You communicate with them through your content and timelines just as much as they communicate to you. This means there are two components to communicating on social, one requires us to listen to what our customers have to say, and the other one requires us to stay true to the brand and communicate clearly. One way to make sure your timelines are on point is to determine what the goal of using each platform is. For instance, are you looking to increase brand awareness or sales? Are you attracting new customers or increasing customer loyalty? The communication on each social network should adapt to your respective goals. Your brand should be represented visually every time you post something by using your brand’s HTML color codes, related colors, characteristic filters, and other things that help followers or potential followers identify your brand. 3. Coordinate An important part of creating a social media strategy is to create a publishing plan so you get an idea of how frequently what content will be published where. Based on that, you can then estimate how much and what kind of traffic that generates. Things to consider when creating a publishing schedule are the time you share the content and the format. Typical publishing times are: Automatic sharing instantly when content is on blog / website / journal / profile Same day as content was been posted Day after Week after Two weeks after Month after Specific date Repeated posting date When scheduling your content, consider the content turnover within the respective platforms. Twitter, for instance, is very fast paced and it’s up to you to make sure your content gets attention. Social networks like Pinterest and Tumblr, on the other hand, allow your content to resurface again so the content turnover is slower and in repeating waves. Typical content formats are: Title + link Text posts Infographics Videos Video loops Gifs Photos Images Depending on what content formats you know you can regularly generate, you can then think about how to distribute the content on the social networks you selected. For instance, do you want to adjust the image dimensions for each platform or do you want to repost the same image regardless of how it will look? Here are some of the most common dimensions for social media posts (as of July 2016): Instagram 1080 x 1080 Facebook 940 x 788 Tumblr 540 x 810 Twitter 1024 x 512 Pinterest 735 x 1102 If you can only choose one dimension, my recommendation would be to use the Instagram dimensions. They look great on all platforms and the square format is both mobile and desktop friendly. In Conclusion The best social media strategies not only consider where the market is at but look forward to where the market is going. It is no longer enough to discuss the impact social media is having on SEO. Social networks like Facebook are more and more being treated like search engines, which means that SEO will soon have to be applied within social networks. Additionally, SEO is moving more towards intent driven rankings and searches rather than determining where things show up based on just one keyword. Long-tail keywords and the intent behind the search matters more now than ever. You can adapt your social media by including long-tail keywords in titles and content, as well as offering formats that are easy to read. For instance, vertical content is ideal for Pinterest, Snapchat, and most social mobile apps, while horizontal content looks great in a Twitter and Facebook desktop feed. Overall, the more engagement you can generate with your content, the higher you rank and the more you learn about your audience. The key is to know your audience well, so you know what kind of content to post when to increase engagement. This results in reaching a larger audience and helps you achieve the social media goals you set.   Image Credits Featured Image: Image by Christina Baldassarre In-post Photo: Image by Christina Baldassarre Proceed to Chapter 14 Related Posts Social Media Versus Social Networking as a Content Marketing Strategy How to Create a B2B Social Media Strategy Planning for Progress: 18 Tips for a Successful Social Media Strategy A Social Media Marketing Guide for Non-Profits Bio Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Christina Baldassarre Founder & Managing Partner at Zebra Advertisement Christina Baldassarre is an entrepreneur. She is best known for co-founding the award winning digital marketing agency Zebra Advertisement and speaking about entrepreneurism at international... Read Full Bio @ChristinaBaldas +Christina Baldassarre Latest posts by Christina Baldassarre (see all) 8 Best Practices For Your Google Plus Page - October 25, 2016 How Celebrity Investment in Tech is Changing the Industry - March 14, 2016 7 Signs You are Ready to be a Full-Time Entrepreneur - January 15, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   SECTION 1: SEO Basics: What You Need to Know What’s The Changing SEO Landscape in 2016? The Three Pillars of SEO: Authority, Relevance, and Trust A Complete Guide to Panda, Penguin, and Hummingbird Understanding Google RankBrain Algorithm Local SEO Guide for Beginners An Introduction to Mobile SEO What are the PPC Best Practices For 2016? SECTION 2: Strategic Thinking and Tactics for SEO How to Do Keyword Research: A Complete Guide Making SEO and User Experience Work Together How to Know Your Audience to Master Your Marketing Campaigns A Guide From Link Building to Link Earning Your SEO Needs Content and Inbound Marketing A Beginner’s Guide to Social Media Strategy SECTION 3: Getting More Value Out of Your SEO Campaigns A Complete Guide to SEO Conversions and Metrics What to Do When Things Go Wrong in SEO A Recommended List of Free and Paid SEO Tools What’s Next in Search? How to Stay Up-to-Date in The SEO Industry How Do You Build a Cohesive Search Strategy? Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Kerry Jones on Creating Content Around Hot Button Topics See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.5K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 5.3K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 5.3K reads 11/7/2016 4 10 Signs You Were Born To Be a Digital Marketer 3.7K reads 11/12/2016 5 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.6K reads 11/7/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 3 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 4 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School 5 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 Social Media Versus Social Networking as a Content Marketing Strategy 2 How to Create a B2B Social Media Strategy 3 Planning for Progress: 18 Tips for a Successful Social Media Strategy 4 A Social Media Marketing Guide for Non-Profits [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Demonetisation News | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Companies Last Modified: Tue, Aug 02 2016. 09 30 PM IST Facebook gains immunity from ad blockers Analysts estimate that ad blocking cost web publishers nearly $22 billion in lost ad sales last year, compared with total internet ad sales of $160 billion Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Leila Abboud Falling prices for their online ads, which cannot match the targeting precision of Facebook or Google, are the main culprit, but ad blockers aren’t helping. Photo: Reuters Paris: Facebook and Google are the 800-pound gorillas in online advertising because of audience reach and superior targeting. They enjoy another lesser-known advantage: they’re largely immune to ad blocking. People install ad blockers to strip out marketing messages and the trackers used to target ads. They’re more widespread on computers but they’re migrating slowly to mobile too. Analysts estimate that ad blocking cost web publishers nearly $22 billion in lost ad sales last year, compared with total internet ad sales of $160 billion. Yet it’s becoming clear that the pain isn’t being shared equally, and this is more bad news for newspaper, magazine, and television companies. What started as a consumer movement sparked by rage about intrusive ads, security and privacy seems to be strengthening the internet’s big beasts. Not only does old world media lack the tech chops to beat the blockers, their fragile finances make it hard to turn away ad dollars in the name of user experience. Google and Facebook’s resources dwarf the legacy publishers. But even when looked at on a proportional basis, old media’s investment in its own future is anemic. Last year, Google spent 16.4% of revenue on R&D, according to Bloomberg data, and Facebook almost a quarter. At Daily Mail & General Trust, owner of one of the most popular news sites, it was 3.6%. Facebook is a textbook example of how technology enshrines advantage. While it was prey to ad blockers when most users preferred computers, it’s played a blinder in the shift to mobile. The ads within the mobile Facebook app (and its photo-sharing app Instagram) can’t be stripped out by blockers. They’re delivered by Facebook servers with none of the usual identifiers. Google’s main defence is its iron grip on search ads. These paid-for links, which appear by results when users look for information on plane fares or movie tickets, aren’t as annoying as pop-up ads or videos. One caveat: Google’s display advertising, such as banner ads or videos on YouTube, is more threatened by ad blockers than Facebook’s. Unlike the social media giant, Google ads aren’t sheltered within an app. Yet this is small comfort for traditional media. Once ad blocking usage hits about 20% of the population, it really starts to hurt publishers, according to John Montgomery of WPP’s GroupM. The New York Times and others are desperate for online ads to make up the shortfall from print, but it’s hard going as the chart below shows. Falling prices for their online ads, which cannot match the targeting precision of Facebook or Google, are the main culprit, but ad blockers aren’t helping. Since most publishers rely on external networks to sell their online ad space, the ads are easily identified and cut out by blockers. Efforts to coax people to turn off the blockers are becoming common, but have yet to prove effective. Blocking increases pressure on free sites such as the Daily Mail and Guardian to impose paywalls. But it’s tough to sell general news, which is freely available elsewhere. One answer could be to turn to the web giants for help. A year ago, Facebook created a tool that hosts publishers’ content within the social network, theoretically taking them off the ad blockers’ radars too. Google has a similar initiative. Yet such assistance isn’t free and makes old media ever more dependent on Silicon Valley for its future. Hardly a secure prospect for a beleaguered industry. Bloomberg Leila Abboud Topics: FacebookGoogleAd blockersinternet ad salessearch ads More from this Section Infosys to invest Rs31.6 crore in Stellaris Venture Partners Umang Bedi’s first 100 days at Facebook India Tata Motors calls EGM to remove Mistry, Nusli Wadia as directors Mistry’s comments on proposal to sell TCS to IBM incorrect: F.C. Kohli Paytm app update to allow shopkeepers accept card payments Editor's Picks New income tax rules to curb unaccounted cash The richest 1% of Indians now own 58.4% of wealth Reliance Jio fails to hit subscriber base of Airtel, Idea, Vodafone: analysts Tracking demonetisation: Our reading list India may gain from Donald Trump’s TPP pullout threat First Published: Tue, Aug 02 2016. 08 09 PM IST Latest News SBI slashes bulk deposit rates by up to 1.9% Supreme Court pulls up Centre for delay in Lokpal appointment Cabinet reshuffles top-level bureaucrats Editor's Picks New income tax rules to curb unaccounted cash The richest 1% of Indians now own 58.4% of wealth Reliance Jio fails to hit subscriber base of Airtel, Idea, Vodafone: analysts Latest News SBI slashes bulk deposit rates by up to 1.9% Supreme Court pulls up Centre for delay in Lokpal appointment Cabinet reshuffles top-level bureaucrats Police arrest 11 for trafficking babies in biscuit boxes Infosys to invest Rs31.6 crore in Stellaris Venture Partners Mint On Sunday The dilemma of Draupadī’s disrobing The prodigals return to Neroca US elections: How slogans can make or break a candidate Now, the crowd can bankroll your research How to maximize judicial time Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Companies & Executives > Google Self-Driving Car Research Head Chris Urmson Leaves Google Self-Driving Car Research Head Chris Urmson Leaves Aug 5, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Urmson has been integral to Google’s automated-driving project since its early days in 2009. Under his watch, Google vehicles racked up 1.8 million miles of driving. Google's Chris Urmson, right, showed a Google self-driving car to U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx, left, and Google Chairman Eric Schmidt, center, at the company's headquarters in 2015. Getty Images Advertisement Chris Urmson, chief technical officer of Google’s self-driving car efforts, said he’s leaving as the Internet company moves the project from research into the creation of products. “I am ready for a fresh challenge,” the former Carnegie Mellon University researcher said in an online post Friday. Urmson has been integral to Google’s automated-driving project since its early days in 2009. Under his watch, Google vehicles racked up 1.8 million miles of driving. He’s leaving as car manufacturers place more emphasis on the technology and race to be the first to field vehicles that don’t need human drivers. Google hired auto industry executive John Krafcik to take over the car project in 2015. The move signaled a new phase in which the company is trying to turn what was a research project into a business. Krafcik called Urmson an “incredible colleague & leader” on Twitter Friday. Related On the Road to a Driverless Future A Reunion in Detroit for Google's Self Driving Guru “The mission is in capable hands,” Urmson wrote. “There are many other problems or products this talented group of people could work on, but they’ve chosen self-driving cars because they understand the impact their work can have on making our roads safer and bringing everyday destinations within reach for millions of people.” The New York Times reported Urmson’s departure earlier. The newspaper said Urmson was unhappy with the recent direction of the project and had argued about it with Google co-founder Larry Page. When asked about the reports of him being unhappy, he said “yeah I’ve seen them.” “It’s been a long time and it’s time to see what else is out there,” he added in a phone interview. “It’s been fantastic. It was a great opportunity to build the team.” Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles Volvo Plans Its Self-Driving Car by 2021, Challenging BMW The Road Ahead: Ford Will Test Self-Driving Cars in California Google's Self-Driving Car is Ready to Hit the Road Google Self-Driving Prototype Cars to Hit Public Roads Like Human Fly Paper, Google Patent Glues Pedestrians to Self-Driving Cars Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Building the IIoT Step-by-Step Samsung Offices Raided Over Influence-Peddling Scandal Deere Jumps as Profit Forecast Tops Estimates Amid Cost Cuts Economics to Keep Wind and Solar Energy Thriving With Trump Leadership Message to Donald Trump: Hire Veterans for Your New Administration Orders for US Capital Goods Up Again More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Millennial Recruiting Magic: Solutions from Manufacturers Large and Small Trump Outlines Top Plans Amid Business Scrutiny Trump Takes on Legal Immigration First with H-1B, Skilled Guest Worker Programs Obama White-Collar Overtime Pay Expansion Blocked by Judge The Great Manufacturing Employment Challenge IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Reimagining Safety in the Connected Enterprise Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology History & Facts Philanthropy & Engagement Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Content Service Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology History & Facts Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Content Service Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech Silicon Valley Global Tech Venture Capital Hacking Digital Media Pursuits Autos Food Timepieces Style Travel Property Art Scene Politics With All Due Respect Delegate Tracker Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast What The Voters Are Streaming Editors' Picks Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Industries Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO Board Directors Forum Sponsored Content Sign InSubscribe Who Should Control Our Thinking Machines? Google’s Demis Hassabis on using artificial intelligence on everything from climate change to aging. Interview by Jack Clark | August 4, 2016 Photograph by Immo Klink for Bloomberg Businessweek From The following is a condensed and edited interview with Demis Hassabis, CEO, DeepMind Technologies. What does DeepMind do? Our stated mission is to solve intelligence, and we use the word “solve,” because it can mean a few things. It means to understand intelligence, fundamentally understand it, and re-create it artificially. If you look at how civilization has been built and everything humans have achieved, it’s down to our intelligence. It’s our minds that have set us apart. So it would seem if you could solve intelligence in this way I’m talking about and make machines smart, then you could do all sorts of incredible things with that. Featured in Bloomberg Businessweek, August 8-21, 2016. Subscribe now. Photographer: Jeremy Liebman for Bloomberg Businessweek When you talk to Larry Page or other top executives at Google, are they saying, “Where are we on this? What is the status of our understanding of the brain?” Not quite. I update them regularly, and we talk about the overall capabilities of the systems and where we’ve got them to, and then I might make some analogies to brain functions. It’s more that way around rather than querying about where we are on the road map. We get discussions about “at what point should we tackle language?” It’s more that kind of question. Or, if we think about robotics, at what point are we ready to do those things? Does that mean talking about technologies you’re developing at DeepMind that may be ready to be used in Google products? Yeah, that’s right. We will have discussions about that when certain capabilities arrive. We think about “OK, so what does that open up?” We do that on multiple levels when we’re talking to various VPs at Google and various product areas. That’s already yielded some great results, actually. I think I can talk about this now. We’ve used AI to save like 15 percent of the power usage in the data centers, which is huge saving in terms of cost but also great for the environment. They were very surprised, because they’d already optimized it. I think it controls about 120 variables in the data centers. The fans and the cooling systems and so on, and windows and other things, I think, as well. They were pretty astounded. We think there might be even more; it depends on how many sensors you put in. Now that we know that works, we can maybe put more things in. You’ve said it could be decades before you’ve truly developed artificial general intelligence. Do you think it will happen within your lifetime? Well, it depends on how much sleep deprivation I keep getting, I think, because I’m sure that’s not good for your health. So I am a little bit worried about that. I think it’s many decades away for full AI. I think it’s feasible. It could be done within our natural lifetimes, but it may be it’s the next generation. It depends. I’d be surprised if it took more than, let’s say, 100 years. So once you’ve created a general intelligence, after having drunk the Champagne or whatever you do to celebrate, do you retire? No. No, because … You want to study science? Yeah, that’s right. That’s what I really want to build the AI for. That’s what I’ve always dreamed about doing. That’s why I’ve been working on AI my whole life: I see it as the fastest way to make amazing progress in science. Say you succeed and create a super intelligence. What happens next? Do you donate the technology to the United Nations? I think it should be. We’ve talked about this a lot. Actually Eric Schmidt [executive chairman of Alphabet, Google’s parent] has mentioned this. We’ve talked to him. We think that AI has to be used for the benefit of everyone. It should be used in a transparent way, and we should build it in an open way, which we’ve been doing with publishing everything we write. There should be scrutiny and checks and balances on that. I think ultimately the control of this technology should belong to the world, and we need to think about how that’s done. Certainly, I think the benefits of it should accrue to everyone. Again, there are some very tricky questions there and difficult things to go through, but certainly that’s our belief of where things should go. When you were a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up? Oddly enough, since about the age of 11 or 12, I’ve wanted to do this. To be an AI researcher. Around that age I was playing a lot of chess, and I was doing a lot of programming on my own. One of the first big programs I remember writing around 11 years old was a program to play Othello, or Reversi maybe you call it in the U.S. It was great, although it was a much less complex game. I wrote a traditional alpha beta search. I found a book on it, and I implemented it. It was quite a good program. It could beat my kid brother. Your brother must have been furious. He has great memories of it, actually. He was my game tester and my guinea pig. Basically, from then on I just thought, “Wow, this would be so cool if you could get computers to think and reason and offload some of your thinking to it.” There was one interesting thing that still tickles me now—this idea of setting off your machine to do a task for you. You’re going to sleep, it continues to solve it, and you wake up, and there is the solution. It feels like an extension of your mind that you are able to continue to do work while you’re asleep or even not thinking about the problem. It seemed obvious to me if you could solve intelligence, then you could use it. It would be like magic, like Arthur C. Clarke says. It does feel like the closest thing to magic, and I think we can use it for incredible good to solve all sorts of really pressing issues that we have, from climate to healthy aging and so on. I think that having more intelligence in the world would be very useful. Have you ever received any notably horrific advice? Oh, wow. I’m not sure I’ve been given any really horrific advice that stands out. I probably would have just ignored it and deleted it from my mind if it was that bad. Actually, in the past, probably during my Ph.D. when I was learning about how academia works, I remember talking to a few very senior scientists about the ability to organize science and top scientists in a different way. Everyone was saying that will be totally impossible: “You’ll never get more than 20 researchers to work together in a productive way.” I’ve been given that advice all the way as we’ve been building DeepMind. It just hasn’t held true. The sum is greater than the individual parts. Editor: Jim Aley  
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe The European Making Sure America’s Tech Giants Play by the Rules Margrethe Vestager has investigated everyone from Amazon to Volkswagen to Disney. Adam Satariano satariano Aoife White aoifewhite101 Subscribe Reprints August 4, 2016 — 4:31 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Vestager Photograph by Immo Klink for Bloomberg Businessweek Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp The following is a condensed and edited interview with Margrethe Vestager, European commissioner for competition.   Why are U.S. technology companies getting so much scrutiny from you? It goes for every industry, not only the tech industry. Just as we would congratulate any business while they grow and flourish and invent new things, if we see that they start to misuse their size and power to prevent others from growing and flourishing and investing in new things, then you have an issue with us.   Can companies gain an unfair advantage over competitors based on the data they hold? It depends. If you merge two businesses, and by merging the sets of data it becomes de facto impossible for somebody to enter that business space, then you have an issue. We haven’t had those concerns yet, but we’re very much concerned that they will occur.   There’s an implicit contract with internet services. A person hands over data in exchange for the service. Is the collection of people’s data an area that deserves more government regulation? It deserves a lot more attention, for people to realize that as always there is no such thing as a free lunch. There is no such thing as a free app. Obviously, you pay. And now you pay with your data.   The problem when it comes to paying with data is, it’s very hard to see what the exchange rate is. The reason I don’t use loyalty cards is that I find the exchange rate is very bad for me, because they get all my data—they know what I buy, they can figure out the age of my children, if I entertain guests, etc. But what I get is maybe a discount on washing powder that I don’t even want to buy. Why would I want that? Or I get customized shopping, which in my opinion limits my focus of attention, because maybe I would like to try something different than what an algorithm would suggest.   Google has been the subject of intense scrutiny by the European Commission. What would you like to see the company do differently? We only open a case if we have strong evidence that a company is misusing its dominant position—that Google is promoting itself in neighboring markets [such as shopping] and not applying the same penalties [in its search rankings] to its products that it does to its competitors’ in those neighboring markets. From my point of view, I want the competitors to have a fair chance of making it. If you can’t present your innovations to customers, why innovate?   What if the competitors’ products just aren’t as good? People don’t seem to have a problem with Google’s quality. That’s not the question. You don’t know if someone can come up with something better. Just because something is good doesn’t mean it’s the end of innovation. If it was, well then, we’d still be in horse carriages.   But isn’t there a choice? You’re investigating Google because people need to sign up for its services when they use Android. Can’t somebody download another search or e-mail app for their phone? If everything is presented to you, then your impetus to look for something new is so much smaller. Android is a very good operating system—open source. But how Android is used seems to place customers in a lot of instances on a one-way Google Street. That’s because you want an out-of-the-box experience, and even before you start thinking there is something else, you’re in a 100 percent Google experience.   There’s a fresh generation of technology firms that have quickly become dominant in new markets. Uber in particular has raised record amounts of money, and it’s been accused of unfair business practices. Not only have they raised a lot of money, but they have raised a lot of hostility. You can hardly find a European member state where there is not a lawsuit. What we have been trying to do from the European Commission side is to say it is very important to have a market that’s open to new ways of doing business, but it’s completely legitimate to have demands on those new businesses—taxation and consumer protections, maybe social issues of working, environment—that are in line with the European way of thinking.   Is Uber, or are others such as Airbnb, acting anti-competitively? Not necessarily. The complaints the commission has received have been more from labor unions and people who worry about whether taxes are being paid. It’s no surprise either that in some markets they cause hostility, because it’s an obvious threat to people’s jobs. That, of course, is not necessarily a competition law enforcement issue. It’s an issue in the marketplace and, sometimes, an issue for the regulator, to make sure we have a level playing field.   You’re fairly active on Twitter. Do you attract the hostility and the trolling many women experience? Yes, but it seems to be much harder to be really angry in just 140 characters. I like Twitter much more than Facebook. For me it’s a personal challenge, because I tend to talk a lot—so to be confined to 140 characters is a challenge.   As you’ve investigated the technology sector, have you changed how you use the internet? I’ve become slightly more obsessed with data security and much more reluctant to give away my data. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Subscribe now to BloombergBusinessweek Interview Issue Margrethe Vestager Tech Markets Alphabet Inc Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
X ALL SECTIONS HOME NATIONAL POLITICS BUSINESS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Facebook Epaper SMS RSS HOME national politics business Macroeconomics Stock tips Auto Property Thai tourism industry cannot rest on its |laurels, EIC warns by SUCHEERA PINIJPARAKARN THE NATION Nov 22,2016 18:38 Poor Thais to get welfare subsidy next month by THE NATION Nov 22,2016 19:16 NESDB puts GDP growth next year at 3-4 per cent by SUCHAT SRITAMA THE NATION Nov 21,2016 19:28 Consumption, service exports spur growth in third quarter by THE NATION Nov 21,2016 20:00 Media by SCB Securities Sep 22,2016 15:36 Food by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:36 Workpoint Entertainment by Kasikorn Securities Sep 20,2016 18:43 CP All by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:39 Big injection seen as 1st-car scheme ends by THE NATION Oct 31,2016 19:01 Nissan appoints Barthes as president for Thailand by Oct 30,2016 18:34 SEVEN COMPANIES PICKED TO PRODUCE POWER OUT |OF INDUSTRIAL WASTE by Oct 30,2016 18:39 Nissan's Ghosn to head Mitsubishi Motors: report by Agence France-Presse Oct 19,2016 15:27 New Takeoffs by The Nation Nov 17,2016 18:26 Top developers buck trends, post good revenue by   SOMLUCK SRIMALEE THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:47 Co-working spaces proving to be popular with small businesses by THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:51 Vietnam’s city Da Nang to adjust its master plan by   VIET NAM NEWS ASIA NEWS NETWORK DA NANG, VIETNAM Nov 17,2016 18:53 ASEAN+ Asean Plus Where to go? life Eateries Japan looks to allies for maritime security by SUPALAK GANJANAKHUNDEE THE NATION TOKYO Nov 23,2016 17:26 Bangladesh to send back Rohingya fleeing Myanmar unrest by Agence France-Presse Nov 23,2016 17:17 S. Korea, Japan sign controversial intelligence deal by Agence France-Presse Nov 23,2016 13:05 Court upholds life sentences for Khmer Rouge leaders by Nov 23,2016 12:43 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 Island of the gods by Urisara Kowitdamrong The Nation South Korea Oct 25,2016 22:09 Bhutan sees a drop in tourist arrivals by Kuensel Asia News Network THIMPHU, Bhutan Sep 28,2016 17:24 Indonesia envisions Bali as gastronomy tourism destination by The Jakarta Post Asia News Network JAKARTA Sep 28,2016 13:39 Reflections on an Asian world by Huang Lijie The Straits Times Asia News Network Oct 28,2016 20:13 Music for His Majesty by Kitchana Lersakvanitchakul THE NATION Oct 28,2016 16:07 Apple introduces MacBook with touch screen functions by Deutsche Presse Agentur Oct 28,2016 07:52 Lotus cuisine, food for the soul by Hà Nguyen Vietnam News HANOI Sep 28,2016 17:32 ASEAN foods whet appetites at culinary festival by Korea Herald Asia News Network Nov 08,2016 09:35 Michelin names two 3-star eateries in first Seoul guide by Nov 07,2016 16:00 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 opinion Today's editorial Letters to editor Myanmar still cowering under brute force by The Nation Nov 23,2016 07:14 Waiting for Trump, with Abe first in line by The Nation Nov 21,2016 18:19 Website closure underlines dilemma of the new world by The Nation Nov 20,2016 17:03 World community must open its eyes to ATROCITIES in Rakhine State  by The Nation Nov 19,2016 19:49 The day justice died in the Philippines by Nov 22,2016 17:23 It wasn’t Trump who divided America by Nov 22,2016 17:24 New Caesar, same old strategy  by Nov 22,2016 17:26 The zombies of globalisation have taken to the streets by Nov 21,2016 18:08 life Arts & culture Music Box office Eat in / eat out From dance hall to theatre by Pawit Mahasarinand Special to The Nation Lyon, France Nov 18,2016 18:02 Politics in movement by Pawit Mahasarinand Special to The Nation Nov 18,2016 18:11 Memories of a lifetime by The Nation Nov 18,2016 18:18 MONDO CONDO! by Phatarawadee Phataranawik The Nation Nov 18,2016 20:18 Letting the music speak by Kitchana Lersakvanitchakul THE NATION Nov 18,2016 15:45 Back from hiatus, Metallica still angry by Agence France-Presse Nov 17,2016 07:10 Bieber tops MTV Europe awards, as Beyonce snubbed by Agence France-Presse Nov 07,2016 09:18 Four Stars are born Asia-wide contest by THE NATION Oct 20,2016 20:06 DISNEY takes a tiki turn by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION SINGAPORE Nov 17,2016 15:43 In celebration of ‘Mexicanidad’ by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Nov 10,2016 14:38 The other face of Asean by The Nation Nov 10,2016 14:41 Odyssey into the UNKNOWN by The Nation Nov 03,2016 15:56 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 Curry with a healthy twist by THE NATION Aug 26,2016 16:41 Fabulous food, wonderful wines by Manta Klangboonkrong THE NATI Jul 06,2016 16:29 TECH travel Check in Around Thailand Getaways Travel news Bedding down in The Bund by Phoowadon Duangmee The Nation Shanghai, China Nov 01,2016 17:12 Basking in sea of opulence by PATCHAREE LUENGUTHAI SPECIAL TO THE NATION VIETNAM Oct 25,2016 21:58 Sun, sea and stunning views by Chusri Ngamprasert The Nation Sep 27,2016 23:24 Paws for thought by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG TH Sep 06,2016 21:48 Blasts from the past by THE NATION Nov 15,2016 20:50 Delicious dining in the air by THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:58 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 The Victory Monument was built to celebrate Thailand's victory, in 1941, in a war against which European nation? by Travel quiz Nov 01,2016 10:55 Rest, recreation and total relaxation by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 22,2016 19:18 Busy Days, Blissful Nights by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:49 Winter with a wow factor by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 01,2016 17:23 Bliss by the beach by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Oct 11,2016 20:35 Hue to reopen exhibit of Champa antiques by VIET NAM NEWS/asian news networks Nov 04,2016 11:31 TAT updates for the general public wishing to pay their respects to His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 27,2016 16:19 THAI implemented a rescheduling/rerouting fee waiver by Thai Airways Oct 25,2016 10:39 Recommendations regarding Mourning Period for His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 21,2016 15:07 sports sunday Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Thursday, November 24, 2016 BREAKINGNEWS Head of Google's self-driving car effort hits the road August 06, 2016 09:55 SAN FRANCISCO - The chief technology officer for Google's self-driving car mission announced Friday he would be hitting the road, and that the day marked his last at the company. Roboticist Chris Urmson said in a blog post that after leading the autonomous car team and helping make the leap from research to development, he is "ready for a fresh challenge." He did not specify what that challenge might be. "I have every confidence that the mission is in capable hands," Urmson said. "It has been a privilege and honor to be part of a team that has been at the forefront of bringing this life-saving technology to the world." Urmson joined what was then a secret project inside California-based Google a little more than seven years ago. Autonomous cars were among the big-vision ideas being pursued by an X Lab at Google at the time. Urmson had previously been a research scientist on a Carnegie Mellon University self-driving car team that fielded a contender in a competition by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, an arm of the US military focused on new technology. US media reported that Urmson may have been unhappy with the project's trajectory since a car industry executive was hired last year to turn it into its own company at Google parent Alphabet. "Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality," Google spokesman Johnny Luu said in response to an AFP inquiry. Luu maintained that Urmson is departing "with our warmest wishes" and would not comment on reports that he may have clashed with the team's new boss. Google has driven its autonomous cars some 1.5 million miles (2.4 million kilometers) with only some minor dust-ups. In May the company announced plans for its self-driving car program to put down roots in the Detroit area with a technology center. The facility will house engineers and others testing vehicles provided by Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, Alphabet said at the time. The 53,000 square foot (5,000 square meter) center will enable Google and its partners to "further develop and refine self-driving technology," according to Alphabet. Google added 100 new 2017 Chrysler Pacifica hybrid vehicles to its fleet of self-driving vehicles in a major expansion that same month. The collaboration with Fiat Chrysler marked the first time the internet giant has worked directly with an automaker to build self-driving vehicles. The tech giant began testing its autonomous driving technology in 2009 using a Toyota Prius equipped with Google equipment. It now has some 70 vehicles, including Lexus cars, adapted by Google in addition to its in-house designed cars unveiled in 2014. - AFP Most Viewed TODAY LAST 7 Days LAST 30 Days Thousands flee Myanmar clashes to China: Beijing... BEIJING - At least 3,000 people have fle... breakingnews Nov 22,2016 21:22 Trump says will move to withdraw from TPP 'on day one'... WASHINGTON - Donald Trump said Monday he... breakingnews Nov 22,2016 07:37 Vietnam scraps huge nuclear power plant projects... HANOI - Power-hungry Vietnam scrapped p... breakingnews Nov 22,2016 18:56 Prayut leads nationwide royal anthem singing... Prime Minister Gen Prayut Chan-o-cha Tue... breakingnews Nov 22,2016 08:21 Visa fees to be reduced to Bt1,000 for three months... THAILAND WILL reduce its visa fees, incl... breakingnews Nov 22,2016 18:45 Facebook's Zuckerberg urges post-Trump world not to 'disconnect'... LIMA - Facebook chief executive Mark Zuc... breakingnews Nov 20,2016 08:35 UnionPay cards used to steal $9.15 billion... The Metropolitan Police Department has a... TECH Nov 18,2016 08:44 Amazon video going global in Netflix challenge: report... SAN FRANCISCO - Amazon is poised to chal... business Nov 18,2016 09:59 Biggest street mural in the making in Penang... A 15.24m high and 7.62m wide mural depic... breakingnews Nov 21,2016 09:57 Bersih 5 rally ends without major incidents... KUALA LUMPUR: The Bersih 5 rally, which ... breakingnews Nov 19,2016 17:54 'Thai King: An Everlasting Light' - Artists from 8 nations sing for la... A group of international artists from 8 ... breakingnews Oct 24,2016 11:50 Tanongsak lands World Superseries Premier title in Denmark Open... Devastating left-hander Tanongsak Saenso... sports Oct 23,2016 20:01 Coldest winter in 100 years awaits Mongolia... The German meteorologist Dominik Jung sa... breakingnews Nov 11,2016 14:34 Apple introduces MacBook with touch screen functions... Washington - Seeking an advantage in the... TECH Oct 28,2016 07:52 Chats will not be monitored in Thailand, LINE app says... Bangkok - Private chats on the mobile ph... breakingnews Oct 31,2016 17:12 Join with us Home NATIONAL POLITICS BUSINESS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Contact 1858/129 Floor 32 Bangna-Trat Road, Bangna, Bangkok 10260 Thailand. Tel 66-2-338-3000(Call Center), 66-2-338-3333, Fax 66-2-338-3334 call-center-department@nationgroup.com Advertise with us © Copyright 2015 by Nation Advertisement ×Close
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 BlackBerry launches suite of apps on Android through subscription BI Intelligence Aug. 5, 2016, 10:30 PM 3,255 facebook linkedin twitter email print BII See Also Android users aren't switching to Apple's iPhone 7 Apple may bring Siri to iMessage Here's why 5G is poised to take off This story was delivered to BI Intelligence Apps and Platforms Briefing subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. BlackBerry will begin offering its Hub+ suite of apps for download on the Google Play store via a subscription service ($0.99 a month), the company announced. The BlackBerry Hub+ suite, one of the most popular features of BlackBerry 10, is a suite of apps that centralize all of a user’s communications in a single interface along with other productivity tasks such as contacts, calendar, passwords, and notes. The announcement is just the latest in a string of efforts by BlackBerry to remain relevant in the mobile market. BlackBerry is hoping the release of Hub+ to Android devices will encourage ex-BlackBerry loyalists to download the free trial and ultimately subscribe for the full suite. Hub+ is already available on all devices running BB 10, however, its two newest devices, the PRIV and the soon to be released DTEK50, are the last smartphones the company plans to release this year as it struggles to get consumers to purchase the devices. But with only 15% of Android devices running Marshmallow, there most likely will be fairly low penetration, reports Fortune. BlackBerry is hoping to make the suite available to users on the Android Lollipop, which accounts for 35% of all Android phones currently in use. BlackBerry’s decision to offer Hub+ comes as the company attempts to increase its software and services segments amid its crashing hardware sales. Subscription-based apps offer publishers a more consistent, recurring fee, rather than relying on sporadic in-app purchases. It’s likely that more publishers will begin adopting this model as app stores, like Google Play, seek to bolster their app revenue businesses. Both Google Play and the App Store recently announced plans to give publishers that used subscription models a greater cut of in-app revenue — from 70% to 85%. Cutting through the noise of an overcrowded app market is critical for any app developer looking to build a viable user base. There are now well over 3 million apps available across the world’s five largest app stores. Delivering the right product to the right audience at the right time in this environment is imperative to the success of any app. The challenge of marketing an app effectively has made app-install ads — an ad unit that directs users to download a mobile app — an essential tool for developers seeking to stand out in the Google Play and Apple app stores. This is why it's not surprising that more marketers are using paid channels to drive downloads than ever before. In fact, over 80% of respondents in a survey of the top 100 grossing mobile app developers noted they plan on increasing their spend on app-install ads in 2015. BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on mobile app-install ads that looks at the revenues from app-install ads and how they're expected to grow over the next five years. It also looks at the performance of app-install ads and how these metrics are expected to change over time. Furthermore, the report examines the top app-install ad products and pricing models offered by the leading advertising platforms, including Facebook, Twitter, Yahoo, and Google, as well as newer app-install formats from Instagram and Snapchat. Looking to the future, the report examines how companies are shifting their app-install ad spend to new formats, as well as the new tools they're using to improve optimization and ad effectiveness. Here are some key takeaways from the report: Mobile app-install ads — ad units that direct users to download a mobile app — are an essential tool for developers, and they account for a major share of mobile ad spend. We estimate 25% of total US mobile ad revenue was generated by app-install ads in 2015. A combination of new developers entering the space and rising ad budgets will drive increased spending in years to come. US app-install ad revenue will grow to over $7 billion by year-end 2020, according to BI Intelligence estimates. Mobile app install advertisers have traditionally invested heavily in display and interstitial ads, but are moving to mobile video and native install formats. 86% of developers currently use in-feed video app-install ads, and video ads are seen as the most effective app-install format. As formats like video rise in popularity, older formats are losing their appeal for install campaigns. Static nonnative ads are widely used but are not seen as effective. Free app networks and offer walls have also fallen out of favor. Ad platforms are now developing innovative new install formats to earn even more revenue from these lucrative ad units. New approaches, including deep linking and app streaming, are more contextualized and interactive than older ad formats. In full, the report: Forecasts app-install ad spending in the US through 2020. Explores which app-install ad formats developers believe are most effective. Discusses what the most popular platforms and ad networks are doing to attract ad spending. Investigates new tools for marketing apps, including deep linking and app streaming. To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the fast-moving world of mobile app-install ads. More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Mobile Blackberry Android facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru BlackBerry launches suite of apps on Android through subscription BlackBerry launches suite of apps on Android through subscription This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Accessibility survey: Please help us improve accessibility on FT.com Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Trump reverses course on core campaign pledges Trump vows to renounce Pacific trade deal on first day in office UK trade deal far from top priority for Canada Trump’s first day plans, EU bank crackdown and tricks of memory Matteo Renzi’s reform fails to resonate in Italy’s poor south US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Marine Le Pen looms over a Trumpian world Trump reverses course on core campaign pledges Trump vows to renounce Pacific trade deal on first day in office Donald Trump faces the reality of world trade Ex-US military chief voices concern at generals’ role under Trump Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Citigroup tops list of global banks posing systemic risk Daimler executive removed after ‘racist rant’ in China Trump reverses course on core campaign pledges Trump’s first day plans, EU bank crackdown and tricks of memory Michael Sherwood, the man who led Goldman’s growth in Europe Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Trump’s first day plans, EU bank crackdown and tricks of memory US equities push further into record territory What markets expect from the Autumn Statement Don’t bet on Donald Trump opening the spigots on US oil Autumn Statement set to leave UK assets facing winter winds Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Marine Le Pen looms over a Trumpian world Italy’s referendum holds the key to the future of the euro Donald Trump faces the reality of world trade I’m leaving and I want you to join me Britons who shout loudest are not always the worst-off Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read I’m leaving and I want you to join me Entrepreneurial MBA students struggle against immigration curbs Apprenticeships are new route into legal world Law school admissions collapse continues Advice for Lucy Kellaway and other career-change teachers Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read In defence of my decor and picture-hanging skills Brexit: a coup by one set of public schoolboys against another Hannah Winterbourne, Britain’s highest ranking transgender soldier ‘Luxury is a bygone word’: Jonathan Anderson’s vision for Loewe Vroom with a view: across Italy in a classic car Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Chris Urmson quits Google driverless car project Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Premium Digital Trial $ 1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Take the accessibility survey Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
Search Search for... Themes Podcast Forums Premium HTML & CSS JavaScript PHP Ruby Mobile Design & UX Entrepreneur Web WordPress Java Web Dev @ Microsoft SEO By WooRank × HTML & CSS JavaScript PHP Ruby Mobile Design & UX Entrepreneur Web WordPress Java Web Dev @ Microsoft SEO By WooRank Themes Podcast Books Courses Screencasts Newsletters Versioning Forums Advertise Contribute Contact Us Our Story 995k Subscribers 132k Followers 80k Followers Digital Marketing by WooRank Article On-Page SEO for eCommerce By Greg Snow-Wasserman August 05, 2016 This article is part of an SEO series from WooRank. Thank you for supporting the partners who make SitePoint possible. More from this author SEO Bootcamp for Beginners How to Run an SEO Test in 5 Steps 7 Steps to Write Content that Converts Online sales topped $341 billion in the United States in 2015, more than a third of all retail sales that year, and a 14.6% increase from 2014. This makes it the sixth straight year of double-digit growth for eCommerce revenue. That’s a pretty substantial pie. However, with at least 110,000 ecommerce companies in 2014, the competition can get pretty fierce. If you’re an eCommerce company either looking to boost your sales, or just getting started, you need to start by turning your attention to organic search traffic and SEO. Why Does SEO Matter for eCommerce? Optimizing your website for organic search traffic is vital for your sales. Here are some numbers laying out the role search engines play in the online sales process: 44% of people begin shopping with an online search. Almost a third of eCommerce traffic comes from search engine results pages. 26% of online purchases come from organic search traffic. The top-ranked page in Google SERPs get 32.5% of search traffic, almost double the share that goes to the second-ranked page. The top five pages get 75% of the traffic. The top 10 get 90%. To put that in terms of dollars and cents, search engine traffic has a hand in about $150 billion in revenue and millions of unique users (82 million monthly users for Amazon alone). So if you want to compete you need to rank, and rank highly. Keyword Research Keyword research is a foundational step of on page SEO. If your goal is to rank highly in search results, you need to know what your potential customers are looking for and then build your site to include those keywords. For eCommerce sites, your keyword research will also influence how you build your site architecture and URLs. You really do need to take this step seriously. The first step of keyword research is coming up with a seed list of keywords. When starting this step, look to your category and product pages. Think of them as landing pages for your visitors — generally speaking, the majority of your traffic and conversions will come through these pages. Then ask yourself, what search terms would you use to find products in those categories (or subcategories)? Don’t stick to just the basic one-word searches — think of long-tail keywords with up to four or five words to make sure you’re targeting in-market searchers. After you’ve brainstormed a solid list of keywords, it’s time to expand it. There are lots of keyword research tools out there that will help you come up with an expanded list of keywords by appending every letter of the alphabet to your keyword and scraping Google’s suggested keywords. This will help you find keywords that more accurately reflect what your potential customers are searching for. There are other tools you can use to find related keywords straight from the source: search engines. Google Keyword Planner Part of Google’s AdWords paid platform, Keyword Planner, was originally built to help advertisers do keyword research for their paid campaigns (don’t worry — it’s free to sign up and use). However, it’s also a great tool for organic keyword research. It can provide you with information regarding keywords’ popularity and competitiveness on Google. Once you’ve got an AdWords account, Keyword Planner is available in the Tools tabs at the top of the page. You can use the search for new keywords to find a list of relevant keywords and identify monthly search volume. If you’ve got a CSV of keywords from a tool like Ubersuggest, upload them under ‘Get search volume data and trends’ to find their average monthly searches, competition and suggested bid. It’s worth noting that while Keyword Tool’s competitiveness and suggested bids are AdWords-specific metrics, you can still use them to extrapolate organic search data. Keywords are highly competitive and have high bids because they demonstrate searchers’ commercial intent — there’s money to be made from them. So you can usually correlate highly competitive keywords to suggested bids to keywords that in-market people are searching for. Be careful, though, to avoid targeting overly competitive keywords; if they’re too general you’ll struggle to rank against the big players in your industry and wind up with high bounce rates and low conversion rates. The Keyword Planner tool is also a good opportunity to come up with some latent semantic index (LSI) keywords. LSI keywords are words or phrases that are synonyms or topically relevant to your keyword. For example if your keyword is [bedspreads], your LSI keywords could be [bedding] or [duvet cover]. Search Keyword Planner’s Keyword ideas and Ad group ideas to find inspiration for LSI keywords. Bing Webmaster Tools Bing Webmaster Tool’s Keyword Research feature works in much the same way as Google’s Keyword Planner. After you enter a keyword and select a region and language, Bing will come back with up to six months’ worth of search volume and historical trends. It will also generate a list of related keywords. Use the Search Keywords section under Reports & Data to find which keywords are currently bringing traffic to your site. See how you’re performing for your targeted keywords, and maybe uncover any that you didn’t realize you were ranking for. This report includes clicks, impressions, click through rate (CTR), average position in Bing and average click position. Google Search Console Find your Search Analytics report in Google Search Console under Search Traffic. Like Bing Search Keywords, Search Analytics lets you find which keywords brought traffic to your site in the previous 90 days and includes clicks, impressions, CTR and average search position. Search Console, though, lets you slice and dice your data to make it even more useful. You can filter the report to see which keywords drive the most traffic to a category page or what your most popular mobile keywords are. Filter by query to see performance for your branded keywords or keywords that include specific words like a category or product. Compare by dates to measure weekly or monthly progress and spot trends. This graph will help you answer important questions like “how are my branded keywords doing month-to-month?”, “what keywords are driving traffic to my product pages?” or “how are people finding me on mobile search?” On Page SEO Now that you’ve got a list of keywords, it’s time to put them into your product and category pages. A well-optimized eCommerce page includes three main elements: the title tag, meta description and page content. Title Tag Title tags are a bit of HTML used by browsers in tab titles and bookmark descriptions, by social media sites when displaying links posted by users and by search engines when displaying search snippets. They are also one of the most important elements of on page SEO; include your page’s most important keyword here. Search engines rely heavily on title tags to tell them what the content on the page is about and therefore the relevance of the page to a searched keyword. Obviously, you want to include your page’s primary keyword in the title tag. However, for an eCommerce site, that’s not always enough. You should also add in commercial modifiers to help you show up in long-tail keyword searches, which indicate that a searcher is more likely to convert. Some common shopping terms to include in your title tags are: Sale Deals Review Cheap Free shipping (if you actually offer it) If you sell men’s shoes, your title tag could look like: <title>Men’s Dress Shoes on Sale with Free Shipping</title> Meta Description Meta descriptions used to be important for your SEO, but Google doesn’t directly rely on them much anymore. But that doesn’t mean they aren’t important for your SEO. A signal search engines do rely on is CTR, and meta descriptions can play an integral part in maximizing clicks. Search engines use meta descriptions when creating search snippets, the page title, link and description that appear in search results. Keywords that appear in snippets are displayed in bold, drawing the user’s eye and mouse — think of them as little advertisements for your page. Try to include some keywords here (without packing, of course). You can see this in action below for the keyword [men’s brown leather shoes]: Give your meta tags a bit of a boost by injecting some clickbaiting online shopping terms. This is the same idea as for your title tags, except meta descriptions give you more characters to work with. Some good commercial terms to use in your meta tags include: Best prices on _____ today. Get X% off _____ now. Find _______ on sale. Buy _______ and get FREE shipping today. Click here to get the best _______ at the lowest prices. The meta description for your men’s dress shoes category page could be something along the lines of: <meta>Looking for men’s dress shoes? Get top brand Oxfords, monks, derbies and loafers with FREE shipping! Click here to find the best deals on all styles & colors.</meta> Page Content Creating content for your category and product pages can represent a challenge for your SEO efforts. How do you write quality content that not only attracts organic search traffic, but also converts it into sales? First of all, you need to create longer, in-depth content. The average first page result has almost 2,000 words per page. Obviously that’s a lot to expect for every product page, and runs the risk of some serious reader fatigue. Set your sights on at least 1,000 words per page. That probably still sounds like a huge number but you’ll get there more easily than you think. Product Descriptions The first piece of content you should start with is the product description. It’s absolutely vital that you don’t just copy and paste the manufacturer’s product description. If you do this, you’ll end up publishing duplicate content and won’t even make it onto the SERPs. When writing your description, keep your target keyword list handy. Mention your primary keyword three to five times throughout the description. You don’t need to worry about how densely the keyword is used, just using it a few times (3–5 is ideal) will tell the search engine what the page is about. This is also a great place to include a few of the LSI keywords you came up with earlier. Take the time to think about how many different versions of this page you’ve created. Depending on your platform you could have unique URLs for different product versions such as color, size or material, each displaying the same product description and/or reviews. If you find yourself in this situation, start by consolidating the different versions onto a single page with the different options listed on the page or in a drop down menu. Use 301 redirects and the rel="canonical” tag to automatically reroute traffic and link juice to the consolidated product page. If your eCommerce platform doesn’t let you do this, consider switching to one that does, like Shopify or Magento. Reviews Ideally, after you’ve written your product description you’ll only need a few hundred more words to reach that 1,000-word threshold. That’s where product reviews come in. Amazon’s guidelines for customer reviews puts the ideal length at 75 to 100 words per review. Once you’ve got four or five reviews, you’ll be approaching the ideal length of quality, on-topic content to appear in Google’s first page results. Product reviews bring the added bonus of boosting your conversions: adding just one customer review boosts sales by 10%. They’ll also keep your page “alive,” which encourages search engines to crawl your page more often and provides an overall SEO lift. Use your customer product reviews to stand out in search results pages by implementing rich snippets on your page. Use Schema markup on your product pages to add the review information to your search snippet: There’s no guarantee Google or Bing will include your structured data, but they can’t if you don’t include it. For more help on adding structured data markup to your page, check out Google’s Structured Data Markup Helper. Use Google Search Console’s Structured Data area under Search Appearance to make sure the search engine can find your Schema.org makeup. Wrapping It All Up At the end of the day, everything you do to your site comes down to one thing: driving sales. As we established in the beginning of this piece, if you’re an eCommerce site, a large portion of your sales are starting off as organic search engine traffic. But in order to take advantage of the benefits organic traffic has to offer, you need to focus on your SEO. Remember: Search engine optimization isn’t an overnight process. Nor is it a set and forget it deal. Search engines, and your competitors, are constantly making changes that you’ll need to stay on top of to keep your strategy up to date. However, with the right on page adjustments and content optimizations, you’ll find that your efforts can more than pay off with an increase in qualified, targeted traffic that converts into sales and revenue. How have you optimized your eCommerce sites for search engines? What on page tips or tricks have you used to drive the most sales? More: duplicate content, E-commerce, google, Keyword Research, SEO, woorank Meet the author Greg Snow-Wasserman Greg Snow-Wasserman is the Content Maestro at WooRank. He has more than 7 years experience as a reporter, market researcher and digital marketer. No Reader comments Latest Courses Browse all 68 courses 3h 8m Premium Course Isaac Castillo Laravel 5 Get started with Laravel 5.2 5h 37m Premium Course Adam Rasheed User Interface Design with Sketch 4 Create your next web project with Sketch 1h 1m Premium Course Darin Haener Diving into ES2015 Get ahead of the curve with ES2015 Premium Course 3h 8m Premium Course Isaac Castillo, Nov 14 Laravel 5 Premium Course 5h 37m Premium Course Adam Rasheed, Sep 22 User Interface Design with Sketch 4 Premium Course 1h 1m Premium Course Darin Haener, Jun 09 Diving into ES2015 Latest Books Browse all 85 books Premium Book Glenn Goodrich Rails: Novice to Ninja The ultimate beginner's guide to Rails! Premium Book Jessica Enders Designing UX: Forms Design forms that won't drive users crazy Premium Book Bootstrap: A SitePoint Anthology #1 Dive into the the popular front-end framework with this 106 page anthology! Premium Book Premium Book Glenn Goodrich, Oct 31 Rails: Novice to Ninja Premium Book Premium Book Jessica Enders, Sep 04 Designing UX: Forms Premium Book Premium Book Bootstrap: A SitePoint Anthology #1 Recommended 1 Off Page SEO: Beyond Link Building 2 Your Guide to Conducting SEO Link Audits 3 Link Reclamation: Recovering Your Lost Link Value 4 On Page SEO Checklist for the Optimized Page 5 How Can Your Site Get into Google Answer Boxes? Sponsors Digital Marketing by WooRank 9-Point Technical SEO Checklist for Developers SEO isn’t just for marketers. Read our technical SEO checklist to ensure your site is configured to be crawled, indexed and displayed in... Sam Gooch, 6 days ago View 6 Comments Digital Marketing by WooRank SEO Bootcamp for Beginners SEO is vital to any online business. Go through our SEO bootcamp for beginners to learn what SEO is and master the basics to improve your... Greg Snow-Wasserman, Nov 03 View Digital Marketing by WooRank Digital Marketing by WooRank Sam Gooch, 6 days ago 9-Point Technical SEO Checklist for Developers SEO isn’t just for marketers. Read our technical SEO checklist to ensure your site is configured to be crawled, indexed and displayed in search results. Digital Marketing by WooRank 6 Comments Digital Marketing by WooRank Greg Snow-Wasserman, Nov 03 SEO Bootcamp for Beginners SEO is vital to any online business. Go through our SEO bootcamp for beginners to learn what SEO is and master the basics to improve your traffic fast. Because We Like You Free Ebooks! Grab SitePoint's top 10 web dev and design ebooks, completely free! Get Your Ebooks Instant Website Review Use Woorank to analyze and optimize your website to improve your website to improve your ranking! Try it for Free Run a review to see how your site can improve across 70+ metrics! Get the latest in Front-end, once a week, for free.Subscribe About Our Story Advertise Press Room Reference Terms of Use Privacy Policy FAQ Contact Us Contribute Visit SitePoint Home Themes Podcast Forums Newsletters Premium References Versioning Connect © 2000 – 2016 SitePoint Pty. Ltd.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Transportation Cars Google’s self-driving car CTO Chris Urmson departs New, 7 comments by Jordan Golson@jlgolson Aug 5, 2016, 8:36pm EDT share tweet Linkedin A number of long-time members of the self-driving car team at Google are leaving the company, including technical lead Chris Urmson who often acts as the face of the project. Urmson announced his departure in a post on Medium, noting that after the seven-and-a-half years that he has been involved with the autonomous car project, Google is finally “developing a product that we hope someday anyone will be able to use.” That’s a long way from the pre-Google DARPA grand challenges that Urmson worked on with his team from Carnegie Mellon to develop early autonomous cars that could navigate through the desert and a mock city a decade ago. John Krafcik, the CEO of Google’s self-driving car division, who joined the team last year from Hyundai, tweeted, “Chris is an incredible colleague [and] leader. Thank you for your passion [and] humility. Good luck on your new adventures!” “Seven years ago, the idea that a car could drive itself wasn’t much more than an idea,” said a spokesperson for Google’s self-driving car project. “Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality. He departs with our warmest wishes.” According to Recode, Jiajun Zhu, principal software engineer for the project, and according to The New York Times, Dave Ferguson, another software lead, have departed as well. A Google executive recently said the self-driving car project is “close to graduating from X,” suggesting that the project is nearly ready to stand alone as a business unit rather than as part of Alphabet’s special projects division. Next Up In Transportation The Feds are pushing smartphone makers to block certain apps while driving Lucid Motors has a secret weapon against Tesla: one of its former engineers What a Trump presidency means for the future of self-driving cars Tesla powers a whole island with solar to show off its energy chops LA Auto Show 2016: The biggest car news announced this week in Los Angeles Uber adds another way to compliment drivers without actually tipping them Now Trending The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more This 5-second video will crash your iPhone Tesla powers a whole island with solar to show off its energy chops This Article has a component height of 6. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker This cheap fitness watch has GPS tracking and an always-on display by Lauren Goode@LaurenGoode Another day, another new fitness tracker — although this one is a relatively inexpensive fitness-focused smartwatch. Huami is now selling its Amazfit Pace smartwatch in the US, a product that was previously only available in China, where Huami is... New, 0 comments Gaming Entertainment Culture Question Club: Is Watch Dogs 2 actually an open-world puzzle game? by Megan Farokhmanesh, Chris Plante, and Andrew Webster Earlier this month, Ubisoft released a sequel to its open-world hacking adventure, Watch Dogs. Gone is the city of Chicago and the dour grimace of vigilante Aiden Pearce. Watch Dogs 2 instead focuses on Marcus Holloway, a youthful hacker living in... Spotify’s collaborative playlists will test your family’s togetherness this Thanksgiving by Ben Popper Spotify and Sonos have gotten together for a little holiday promotion they’re calling Playlist Potluck. It lets a host create a Spotify playlist they can share via email, and anyone who’s invited can add their own track. The theme is friendship,... Gaming Editorial Virtual Reality Steam is about to take over PC gaming all over again — this time, with VR by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy For years now, Valve’s Steam service has dominated PC gaming. Not every title is on its store, and markets like GoG and Itch.io have carved out their own niche. But it’s still probably the best-known way to find and play games on any computer —... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Culture Let’s hope these sneakers with LED screens are not the footwear of the future by Lizzie Plaugic “Things to put your feet in” probably falls somewhere on Maslow’s hierarchy of needs, but there’s no way that includes these things. Vixole’s new “e-sneakers” come with an LED screen near the heel that the wearer can customize with drawings,... New, 3 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft brings Solitaire to iOS and Android by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is bringing its popular version of Solitaire to iOS and Android today. While the game as existed on Windows for more than 25 years, the modern Solitaire Collection will now be available outside of Windows for the first time. Microsoft is... New, 7 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
A Political and Literary Forum Menu Close Search Close Support Boston Review Become a Member Class & Inequality Unraveling the Silicon Valley Consensus Ben Armstrong Jul 26, 2016 14 Min read time Topics: economy labor cities Share: Photograph by Gabriel Jorby In June 2014, a sleek tour bus parked beside a Family Dollar store in Pittsburgh’s gentrifying East Liberty neighborhood. It looked like a rock band was arriving at its concert venue. The bus had come to visit AlphaLab Gear, a startup hub located just blocks away from Google’s colorful Pittsburgh offices in a converted Nabisco factory. The bus and its passengers were part of an initiative called Rise of the Rest led by former AOL CEO Steve Case. It’s a Silicon Valley investor’s tour of startups in cities not typically considered tech hubs. Consistent with the startup ethos, AlphaLab Gear’s floorplan is open, its ceiling ducts exposed. Case and a panel of judges sat at an elevated table as companies pitched their ideas from below. New firms with only a handful of employees made wild claims about their future growth. The best startup pitch—a shoe sole that generates enough energy to charge a cell phone—received a prize before Case and his team hopped back on the bus and drove on. First to Cincinnati, then Nashville, then to the seventeen other cities that the tour has visited to date. Case’s bus tour is one example of a broader effort to identify and develop the “Next Silicon Valley.” Slate identifies thirty-one cities around the world that have received the moniker “Next Silicon Valley” from news outlets including The Wall Street Journal, The Economist, NPR, and the BBC. New York City has claimed the title Silicon Alley; Kansas City considers itself Silicon Prairie; and Dublin, Ireland calls its tech scene Silicon Docks. In many of these places, city governments have subscribed to a kind of Silicon Valley mimicry. They have launched incubators, supported investor incentives, and sponsored innovation challenges like hackathons with big prizes—all with the hope that high-growth startups will follow.   The Silicon Valley Consensus is that innovative cities grow faster than non-innovative ones—but that’s not always the case. Michael Piore, an MIT economist, calls governments’ enthusiasm for supporting high-tech entrepreneurship the “Silicon Valley Consensus.” The Washington Consensus of the 1980s claimed that free trade and deregulation were the most promising growth policies for developing countries. The Silicon Valley Consensus suggests that innovative cities grow faster, that startups are the only real hope for job creation, and that high-tech growth helps rich and poor alike. But, like the Washington Consensus, the Silicon Valley Consensus offers a false promise. Why Pittsburgh and not Cleveland? While some American cities that have seen rapid growth since 1980 have been tech hubs, such as Boston and Seattle, other high-growth cities, such as Nashville and Madison, have excelled in diverse industries. Less than half of the twenty-five metros with the fastest income and employment growth since 1980 have a concentrated high-tech sector. The case of Pittsburgh is telling. Its economy is among the fastest-growing of U.S. metro areas, but its growth did not originate with high-tech startups. It began its rise long before Case or Google showed up. The steel industry along Pittsburgh’s three rivers collapsed dramatically in the early 1980s. Between 1979 and 1983, the metro area lost over 100,000 jobs, nearly 9 percent of its total workforce. Imagine the riverfront—formerly crowded with busy steel mills—beset with an empty, eerie calm. Soon after the city’s economic collapse, Pittsburgh’s mayor and the presidents of its two leading universities—with support from the business community—crafted a recovery plan they called Strategy 21. It focused on expanding public infrastructure like highways and the airport while also developing new research infrastructure at Pittsburgh’s universities: the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center, the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon, and the Robotics Institute, also at CMU. Strategy 21 wasn’t a reflexive response to crisis. It built on decades of foundation grants and university initiatives that had sought to help Pittsburgh diversify its economy in anticipation of steel’s decline. The recovery “wish list” totaled $550 million. Since the coalition of Pittsburgh’s leaders couldn’t fund these projects on their own, they reached out for federal and state support. Congressional lobbying helped the coalition win funding worth over $100 million from the Department of Defense for the Software Engineering Institute. Backing from Westinghouse helped Pittsburgh’s universities win National Science Foundation funding for the Supercomputing Center. And Pennsylvania’s state government proposed grants and loans that would help make Strategy 21 a reality. Pittsburgh’s strategy was to listen to what businesses say they care about most in survey after survey: skilled workers and reliable infrastructure. Although many of Pittsburgh’s neighbors have tried to attract businesses with tax breaks and cheap capital, businesses consistently rank these factors as less important. By the mid-1990s, employment and income in the Pittsburgh metro area started to take off faster than that of its neighbors. Over a decade later, Pittsburgh weathered the recession far better than most of the country. Today the riverfront hums with commuting cyclists. Sunlight reflects off glassy buildings affiliated with local universities and corporations. Since 1990, the metro area’s income per capita has grown 153 percent. That’s 22 percent faster than the average for large American cities during the same period. And Pittsburgh’s employment rate grew 5 times as fast as the national average—10 percent compared to 2 percent. Pittsburgh’s investment in transportation and R&D infrastructure was not focused on incubating startups as much as it was designed to attract top technical talent to the city and keep it there. The same technical talent would prompt companies like Mellon Bank—after it merged with the Bank of New York—to keep thousands of employees in Pittsburgh instead of moving them to New York City. Today, although investors like Case focus on Pittsburgh’s startups, young tech companies comprise only a tiny segment of the Pittsburgh economy. The growth of financial institutions, hospitals, universities, and advanced manufacturing has been far more significant. This is not to say that startups have not been growing. However, startup growth is a consequence—not a cause—of Pittsburgh’s economic success. Skeptics might claim that Pittsburgh’s growth was lucky. It is possible that infrastructure had little to do with it: perhaps other cities made similar investments in infrastructure and experienced no growth at all. Some might point to Cleveland—only a two-hour drive northwest of Pittsburgh—as an example of big plans with few results. As Cleveland’s industrial economy began declining in the early 1980s—albeit less sharply than Pittsburgh’s—a group of Cleveland business leaders assembled a committee called Cleveland Tomorrow. Although the local business community had helped elect the mayor, the initiative was a decidedly private enterprise. Neither government nor university officials played a leading role in the effort. The core membership came from Cleveland’s manufacturing industries. Cleveland Tomorrow hired local consultants from McKinsey and Co. to diagnose the city’s economic problems and propose fixes. In a way the report paralleled Pittsburgh’s Strategy 21: there were recommendations to re-invest in manufacturing, and there were ideas for diversifying the local economy. However, the proposals to revitalize manufacturing were much grander than the ideas to diversify. Cleveland Tomorrow ended up investing $105 million in the recommendations. They funded a Productivity Center aimed at improving labor productivity as well as the Advanced Manufacturing Program and the Cleveland Research Institute to generate new technologies and provide resources for companies focused on advanced manufacturing. The business leaders also invested in a venture capital fund to support Cleveland entrepreneurs and additional business resources to shepherd their startups to growth. Today the Advanced Manufacturing Program survives as an organization called MAGNET that operates as a consultant for manufacturing businesses. The Cleveland Research Institute and other attempted partnerships with local universities from the 1980s have mostly dissolved. The venture capital fund was profitable, but not because Cleveland-based firms took off. When the fund could not find enough startups in Cleveland to fund, it started backing companies outside the region that turned out to be successful. The Cleveland Tomorrow experience shows that not just any infusion of cash generates growth or transformation. Investments in transit infrastructure and R&D infrastructure—supported by a lasting coalition of government, industry, and universities—are more likely to pay dividends than tax relief for plants or easy capital for startups. Decades later, in 2004, the state of Ohio passed the Third Frontier initiative, a series of private grants and financial incentives for high-tech enterprises to form in or move to Ohio. Around the same time, a gaggle of new economic development initiatives were formed in Ohio with similar ambitions: encourage new startups and give them the funding and mentorship to succeed. The program is primarily focused on supporting private industry, not public infrastructure. Although it is too early to guess whether the program has been transformative for Ohio regions like Cleveland, there’s a larger question at stake. Does the basic premise behind programs like the Third Frontier make sense? Are cities with more innovation more likely to grow and thrive? Are startup hubs better equipped for job creation than cities with older firms? Are Silicon Cities more likely to help the middle class? In other words, even if the Third Frontier and programs like it succeed at turning their regions into innovative startup hubs, where would that leave these cities and their residents? Innovative Cities Don’t Grow Much Faster City governments have a basic goal: more local jobs with higher pay. Cities are searching for ways to support income and employment growth. Innovation has been sold as a pathway to both. The OECD, for example, says innovation “provides the foundation for new businesses, new jobs, and productivity growth.” The Silicon Valley Consensus suggests that innovative cities tend to grow faster than non-innovative ones, but that’s not always the case. Since 2000, large U.S. cities with more innovation—quantified by the number of patents for inventions—have not, on average, experienced more growth in income per capita or employment. If we include the dotcom bubble of the 1990s, more innovative cities showed slightly more income growth but no more employment growth than less innovative cities. For example, if a city with low innovation like Chattanooga suddenly achieved San Francisco’s level of innovation, it would see only an additional 0.5 percent income growth per capita per year. By contrast, Chattanooga’s income per capita already grew at over 5 percent per year during this period. For another example, the San Jose metro area—the heart of Silicon Valley—stands out as the most innovative in the U.S. It has more than double the patents for inventions of the next most innovative metro. Yet San Jose is tenth in a composite of income and employment growth since 1980. Cities like Nashville and Portland have experienced more growth during this period, but lag far behind on prominent measures of innovation. More than anything else, these data suggest caution for the Silicon Valley evangelists. While some of the most innovative metro areas like Silicon Valley and Austin have achieved high growth, the trend is not universal. Many of the fastest-growing cities in the past decades were able to grow without incubators or venture investment. Startups are not the only source of growth and should not be the main focus of economic policy. Startups Don’t Necessarily Lead to Job Growth Silicon Valley boosters might argue that even if patents aren’t associated with job growth, it’s still startups and small businesses that create jobs. The U.S. Small Business Administration says that small businesses represent “66 percent of all net new jobs since the 1970s.” The Kauffman Foundation, which advocates for and performs research on entrepreneurship, reports that “new businesses account for nearly all net new job creation.” Claims like these have generated a chorus of praise for small business and startups among politicians. “Small businesses are the backbone of our economy,” President Obama says. “Startups are engines of job creation,” says a White House statement. Economists confirm part of the political rhetoric: a disproportionate chunk of net new jobs (jobs created minus jobs lost) come from young firms (firms zero to five years old are considered “startups”). However, the size of a business isn’t closely correlated with its likelihood of creating jobs. John Haltiwanger and colleagues show that small firms are just as likely to create jobs as large firms of the same age. Yet young firms are more likely to create jobs than old firms of the same size. On the surface, this affirms that startups are an important source of job growth at the national level. However, there are several reasons to question whether our economic policy should fixate on startups. First, startup jobs represent only a small chunk of overall employment. For most metropolitan areas, young firms provide less than 20 percent of private jobs. And many of these firms are not startups in the way that Silicon Valley might imagine them. These young firms include retail or service businesses that operate strictly in the local economy. They are not necessarily exporting a product or service that would bring new economic activity to a region. Second, although startups account for the bulk of net new jobs, it’s less clear whether cities with more startup are more likely to experience overall employment or income growth. A thriving city economy needs healthy firms of all ages. Not only can mature firms benefit from active young companies that compete with them. Young companies often draw on seasoned talent from mature firms to feed their initial growth. Many of the most successful entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley and elsewhere start their careers at mature companies. Third, even if we believe that startup jobs are great for the economy, we still can’t be sure that government support for startups is leading to more startups jobs. Of course governments make bold claims about how many jobs their tax or incentive programs have created. For example, Ohio boasts that $154 million in startup investments (half of which was public money) from its Third Frontier program have created 2,584 jobs since 2006. By claiming credit for these jobs, Ohio is making the dubious assumption that these startups would not have hired people if the Third Frontier Program didn’t exist. The startups that succeed with support from Third Frontier could have succeeded with support from another investor. If Ohio really wants to measure the effect of Third Frontier, they would compare companies that just barely qualified for Third Frontier funding and the companies that barely missed qualifying. Ten years after they applied to Third Frontier, what’s the difference between Third Frontier startups and the others? Startups are important to a local economy. New businesses generate excitement, support experimentation, and challenge their more mature competitors to improve. However, startups are not the only nor the most promising source of growth, and they should not be the overwhelming focus of economic policy. Tech Jobs Are Not Always Good for Working People Over the past several years, grassroots activists in San Francisco have protested what they see as the tech community’s contributions to exploding rents and widening inequality. The symbol of tech-inspired injustice became the Google Bus: a massive unmarked shuttle lumbering through city neighborhoods, stopping periodically to drop tech workers at stops near their homes. The perception is often that Silicon Valley’s dominance benefits only those who work in the industry and disrupts the lives of those who do not. Silicon Valley enthusiasts disagree. They argue that growth in the technology industry provides spillover benefits to the economy as a whole. For every tech job created in a city, the Bay Area Council argues, four other jobs are created in the local economy. Tech workers increase demand for local services like restaurants, dry cleaners, and salons—hiring tech workers has a multiplier effect on local economies, the argument goes. Both are partially correct. While it’s true that low-income households in innovative cities have not experienced more wage growth than low-income households in other cities, it’s not clear that higher-income households have been that much better off in innovative cities than elsewhere. Growing inequality is a problem everywhere—not just in places with a thriving tech industry. And while tech hiring does generate some positive spillovers, it’s important to remember that innovative cities are no more likely to experience employment growth than non-innovative cities. High-tech cities are an example of both success and failure when it comes to generating income growth at all levels. In San Jose, income growth for the top 10 percent is far higher than median income growth, and median income growth is far higher than income growth for the bottom 10 percent. Income growth in Austin, by contrast, has been among the most even of all U.S. cities. • • • The flash and celebrity of Silicon Valley’s rise has overshadowed success stories in the rest of the United States that possess equally powerful lessons for economic growth. When Steve Case arrived in Pittsburgh and Nashville and Charleston, the symbols of these cities’ successes were incubator spaces and chic startup offices. However, these cities began their rise decades ago without a high-tech “scene.” Even cities that we consider tech hubs, such as Austin and Durham, began their rapid growth not with startups but with big investments in knowledge infrastructure from the 1970s onward. For Durham it was the establishment of Research Triangle Park as a non-profit supported by local industry, universities and the governor. In Austin it was a joint effort between the University of Texas, Ross Perot, and the state government to attract MCC, a research association focused on semiconductors. The stories behind these cities’ successes are more complex than one event or company or investment. They are the function of long-term coalitions and advances across many industries—some of which have grown more than expected, and others of which have shrunk less. The Silicon Valley consensus has formed (and billions of public dollars have been invested) despite scant evidence that cities can become the next Silicon Valley—or that becoming the next Silicon Valley would even be desirable. The consensus has suggested that struggling cities should look west if they wish to rise. It would be more promising for cities to look in all directions—and perhaps in the mirror—for lessons on how to grow. The Silicon Valley Consensus offers a false promise. Join The Discussion On Facebook Love Boston Review? Then you’ll love our new membership program! Join us to support engaged discussion on critical issues. You’ll also enjoy exclusive membership benefits. Get Started July 26, 2016 14 Min read time Topics economy labor cities Share Sign Up for Our Newsletter Vital reading on politics, literature, and more in your inbox Weekly Newsletter Poetry Matters: Weekly Poetry Newsletter Boston Events: Boston Review-sponsored events in the Boston area Reading List: Deep dives from Boston Review's archives, hand-picked by our editors Special Offers from Boston Review Related Articles How Not to Argue for Basic Income Brishen Rogers Trump’s Call For Dystopian Policing Victor Ray For the Wealthy, Citizenship at a Premium Max Holleran How the Government Built a Trap for Black Youth Kelly Lytle Hernández The New World Order Matthew Karp Love Boston Review? Then you’ll love our new membership program! Join us to support engaged discussion on critical issues. You’ll also enjoy exclusive membership benefits. Get Started More In Class & Inequality Great Exploitations Erik Loomis For the Wealthy, Citizenship at a Premium Max Holleran From “War on Crime” to War on the Black Community Elizabeth Hinton Do Government Incentives Make Us Bad Citizens? John McMahon The Forgotten State Mike Konczal No Easy End to Prison Profiteering Christopher Petrella How Not to Argue for Basic Income Brishen Rogers Common Property Elizabeth Anderson The End of Work Claude S. Fischer More In Science & Nature The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Quantum Field Theory Matthew Buckley What Lies Deep Matthew Buckley Making Chinese Officials Accountable, Blog by Blog Greg Distelhorst, Diana Fu, Yue Hou Closing in on the Higgs Matthew Buckley The End of the Beginning Matthew Buckley How Stuff Works Matthew Buckley When (Quantum) Worlds Collide Matthew Buckley Minding Matter Matthew Buckley Blood in Honduras, Silence in the United States Lauren Carasik Copyright © 1993-2016 Boston Review and its authors. Support Boston Review Become a Member Make a tax-deductible donation today Class & Inequality Education & Opportunity Fiction Forum Gender & Sexuality Global Justice Law & Justice Literature & Culture Philosophy & Religion Poetry Politics Race Science & Nature War & Security About Store Membership Archive Podcast Contests Events Advertise BR Books Facebook Twitter Tumblr A Political and Literary Forum Search Class & Inequality Education & Opportunity Fiction Forum Gender & Sexuality Global Justice Law & Justice Literature & Culture Philosophy & Religion Poetry Politics Race Science & Nature War & Security About Store Membership Archive Make a tax-deductible donation today Donate Today! Printing Note: For best printing results try turning on any options your web browser's print dialog makes available for printing backgrounds and background graphics.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Business Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceCommunication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives Sports More SciencePress ReleasesEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News You are here: ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 23 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,05291.03 NIFTY 50 8,03331.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,829-310.00 USD/INR 68.560.31 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Sensex ends 91 points higher, Nifty50 at 8,033 Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Google executive Chris Urmson quits self-driving car project By Reuters | Updated: Aug 06, 2016, 05.36 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » | John Krafcik | Hyundai | Google | Chris Urmson | alphabet Officials have said Google is preparing to make its self-driving car unit a separate company. The program is now part of its X research laboratory unit. Chris Urmson, who was instrumental in building Google's self-driving car project, said on Friday he is leaving the team after seven and a half years. Alphabet Inc's Google had named Urmson chief technical officer of the project after it hired former Hyundai executive John Krafcik to be chief executive of the project. Urmson, who joined the project when it was launched and has been a public face of Google's autonomous vehicle efforts, testified before a U.S. Senate panel on autonomous cars in March. Krafcik confirmed Urmson's departure in a tweet on Friday afternoon. Urmson, in a blog post late Friday, said he was "ready for a fresh challenge." He said he was not sure what he would do next. "Going to take some time and get some perspective from outside of Google," he wrote in a text message to Reuters. Urmson told Reuters earlier this year that self-driving cars are coming. "I've gone from hoping this would happen to thinking it might happen to knowing it will happen," Urmson said. Google self-driving car project spokesman Johnny Luu confirmed Urmson's departure and praised him. "Seven years ago, the idea that a car could drive itself wasn't much more than an idea. Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality," Luu said. Google's project has had other significant departures, even as it has hired dozens of new employees. Earlier this year, Anthony Levandowski, who was product manager for Google's self-driving car program, left the project to co-found a startup with two other former Google employees. Google's self-driving car project is expected to become a standalone company this year. In July, the project appointed its first general counsel. Google has logged more than 1.8 million miles of autonomous driving in testing in Texas, California, Arizona and Washington state. It has said it has no timetable for making self-driving vehicles available to the public. Officials have said Google is preparing to make its self-driving car unit a separate company. The program is now part of its X research laboratory unit. "The self-driving car project is in the middle of graduating from X and this is sort of a gradual process," Astro Teller, who heads the X program, told NBC News in April. In May, Google and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV said they had agreed to work together to build a fleet of nearly 100 self-driving minivans, the first time a Silicon Valley firm had teamed up with a traditional carmaker to develop an autonomous vehicle. In March, Reuters reported Google's self-driving car team was expanding and hiring more people with automotive industry expertise, underscoring the company's determination to move the division past the experimental stage. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Top NRI investment options in real estate Smartowner Zumwalt-Class Navy Ship: Next-Gen Destroyer Is A High-Tech.. CNET Monica Lewinsky Reveals Who She Voted For, And It's Not Wh.. Tomorrowoman MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Militants may use tribal areas to exchange old notes Consumer & Legal Spending & Lifestyle From Around the Web More from The Economic Times This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com Longevity Scientists Explain What They Believe Is Key To H.. Fast Company | Elysium Health She Dropped Jaws In Her Dress At The CMT Music Awards StyleBistro The Master's Degree Designed for Intelligence Professionals Georgetown University Swiss Banks to share info on Indian A/C holders Arsenal seek win to kick costly runners-up habit Donald Trump is 'just the president', says Edward Snowden First Hindu Congresswoman, a Democrat, meets Donald Trump READ MORE ON » | John Krafcik | Hyundai | Google | Chris Urmson | alphabet Follow this section for latest news on Business EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented With 'piles of cash' corrupt babus feel betrayed by Modi government View: Why demonetisation can be a vote-loser, not the vote-winner Narendra Modi aimed for Banning notes will not curb black money, says think tank that called for demonetisation Swiss Banks to share information of Indian account holders Rs 3.5 crore in old notes flown into Nagaland goes missing More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Next: up in Technology: Gizmo Guy: Requiem for the under-appreciated VCR News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Obituaries Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Think Tank Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — Technology Tips and tricks to get more out of Google Maps Updated: August 5, 2016 — 8:04 PM EDT Facebook icon 6Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Popular Stories Game officer who shot, killed loose bull: 'I generally don't do this' Nov 22 - 7:32 PM Pete Carroll raves about Wentz Nov 22 - 11:36 AM Hayley Tsukayama Washington Post screengrab from a Samsung Galaxy S6. by Hayley Tsukayama, The Washington Post Close icon Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post Google Maps consistently makes lists of the top 10 most-used apps and is probably one app that many people consult daily. But how much of the program do you actually use? Those who just type in an address and go should know that there's so much more you can do than just that. To help you make the most of that last, great summer road trip, we've compiled a list of tips to get more out of Google Maps. Here are some useful features hiding just below the surface. - Multistop trips: Trips aren't always about going from Point A to Point B. Sometimes there's a C, D, E or even F you have to get to as well. Google recently started rolling out a new feature that lets you plug in more than one destination at a time. Users can access this by hitting the options menu from the directions screen - you get there by hitting the three vertical dots in the upper right-hand corner - and selecting "Add stop." Keep in mind that you may not see this update yet. - Use "explore": The "Explore" section of Maps is pretty easy to find, but is probably overlooked by those focused on just getting directions. The feature is particularly useful if you're traveling on business or to a new place and need to grab a quick bite to eat, and don't have time to wander around aimlessly. From the main search screen, click on the three parallel lines on the left-hand side of the search bar. (Designers call this common icon the "hamburger.") If you're zoomed into a reasonably local area, you should see the "Explore" section, which will direct you to good places to eat, cheap places to eat, nearby attractions and more. - Download an offline area: If you're going to be somewhere where you can't get cell service, take advantage of the ability to download a section of Google Maps to access offline. To do this tap in the search bar and scroll down until you see "Download a new offline area." Alternatively, you can search for a city and swipe up from the bottom, and then hit the "Download" option. Google won't let you download too large of an area - but you can go up to 120,000 square kilometers. You can interact with this offline section of the map and search for directions to locations within that part of the world. Maps won't suggest places for you, but it will still be more useful than an old-school map. You should know that if you download a part of Google Maps, it will take up storage space on your phone. But it can be convenient, and it's way easier to transport than a paper map that you'll never be able to refold again. - Share directions: Need to let someone else know how to get to where they're going? Once you have the directions you need, hit the three-dot options menu and tap "Share Directions." That will let you text or email directions to someone through a link, or even share directions over Twitter or Facebook if you so desire. That's way easier than reading your phone's screen to someone, or trying to remember off the top of your head. Besides, your friends are probably just going to put the destination in Google Maps anyway. This feature can save both of you the trouble. - Sign-in for better service: If you're signed in to Maps it adds quite a bit of functionality - though you're also giving Google's app more access to your information. Deciding whether the trade-off is worth it is up to you. If you sign in and turn on your history, from that point you'll be able to reference your past destinations more quickly. So, if you get a restaurant recommendation for a summer trip and then want to go back the following summer, you should be able to do that quickly. Another advantage to signing in is that you can link your Google Contacts to Google Maps, so it's easy to find your friend Jim's house by pulling it from your address book. That saves you from having to ask "Where am I going, again?" when you get in the car. You can sign in to your Google Account by hitting the hamburger icon and tapping "Sign in." - Know more about what you're getting into: There are also some settings that most users know about but likely don't use that often. On the options menu, for example, you can turn on different filters and features to get different information about where you're headed. If you're walking in a hilly city such as San Francisco, for example, you may really want to see the terrain around you. A coffee shop may look like it's just a quick walk and a few blocks away - but those blocks may take you straight up a steep hill. That's vital information to know if you don't want to be out of breath by the time you get there. One setting I use a lot that many may find useful is the setting preference to "avoid tolls." Of course, you can't always find a toll-free way to get somewhere in the time you need, but it's still nice to have the option on hand. Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Published: August 5, 2016 — 8:07 PM EDT Continue Reading More in business Business › Judge squelches new OT regs: Now what? Technology › Comcast courts Sling for multicultural content Business › Wolf pledges $300M for port; could mean 2,000 jobs Blatstein lands partner for Atlantic City Mall NY investment firm buys section of Strawbridge building offices Attorneys involved offer insights into $265M Amtrak derailment settlement North American Title moving from office in Cherry Hill to Mt. Laurel High spending, low taxes boosts Pa. bond costs another $50M+ above neighbors' Taxpayers pay more while politicians dicker Sunoco Logistics to merge with parent company PUC's Powelson takes helm of national utility regulatory group Comcast ups BuzzFeed stake to $400M Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google executive quits self-driving car project By Paul Lienert and David Shepardson ReutersAugust 6, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share Chris Urmson, Director of the Self Driving Cars Project at Google, speaks to the media during a preview of Google's prototype autonomous vehicles in Mountain View, California September 29, 2015. REUTERS/Elijah Nouvelage/File PhotoMore By Paul Lienert and David Shepardson (Reuters) - Chris Urmson, who was instrumental in building Google's self-driving car project, said on Friday he is leaving the team after seven and a half years. Alphabet Inc's Google had named Urmson chief technical officer of the project after it hired former Hyundai executive John Krafcik to be chief executive of the project. Urmson, who joined the project when it was launched and has been a public face of Google's autonomous vehicle efforts, testified before a U.S. Senate panel on autonomous cars in March. Krafcik confirmed Urmson's departure in a tweet on Friday afternoon. Urmson, in a blog post late Friday, said he was "ready for a fresh challenge." He said he was not sure what he would do next. "Going to take some time and get some perspective from outside of Google," he wrote in a text message to Reuters. Urmson told Reuters earlier this year that self-driving cars are coming. "I’ve gone from hoping this would happen to thinking it might happen to knowing it will happen,” Urmson said. Google self-driving car project spokesman Johnny Luu confirmed Urmson's departure and praised him. "Seven years ago, the idea that a car could drive itself wasn’t much more than an idea. Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality," Luu said. Google's project has had other significant departures, even as it has hired dozens of new employees. Earlier this year, Anthony Levandowski, who was product manager for Google's self-driving car program, left the project to co-found a startup with two other former Google employees. Google's self-driving car project is expected to become a standalone company this year. In July, the project appointed its first general counsel. Google has logged more than 1.8 million miles of autonomous driving in testing in Texas, California, Arizona and Washington state. It has said it has no timetable for making self-driving vehicles available to the public. Officials have said Google is preparing to make its self-driving car unit a separate company. The program is now part of its X research laboratory unit. "The self-driving car project is in the middle of graduating from X and this is sort of a gradual process," Astro Teller, who heads the X program, told NBC News in April. In May, Google and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV said they had agreed to work together to build a fleet of nearly 100 self-driving minivans, the first time a Silicon Valley firm had teamed up with a traditional carmaker to develop an autonomous vehicle. In March, Reuters reported Google's self-driving car team was expanding and hiring more people with automotive industry expertise, underscoring the company's determination to move the division past the experimental stage. (Reporting by Paul Lienert in Detroit and David Shepardson in Washington; Editing by James Dalgleish and Bernard Orr) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Business > Google's Self-Driving Car CTO is Leaving the… Google's Self-Driving Car CTO is Leaving the Company By Harrison Kaminsky — August 6, 2016 2:25 PM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends The CTO of Google’s self-driving car project is leaving the company after seven and a half years on the team. Chris Urmson, who joined the project in 2009 and later replaced Google X founder Sebastian Thrun as the team’s director in 2013, said in a post on Medium that “now, 1.8 million miles of autonomous driving later,” the time is right to “step down and find my next adventure.” “Today will be my last day on the project as CTO,” he wrote. “After leading our cars through the human equivalent of 150 years of driving and helping our project make the leap from pure research to developing a product that we hope someday anyone will be able to use, I am ready for a fresh challenge.” According to the New York Times, Google’s X Labs division has been under “increasing pressure to show at some point the company can expect a financial windfall from its projects.” While it has pioneered the technology that has allowed for advancements in the industry, the self-driving car project has fallen under that category, and commercial success isn’t expected for several years. The Times also reported that Urmson has been “unhappy with the direction of the car project under [new CEO John Krafcik’s] leadership and quarreled privately several months ago with Larry Page over where it was headed, according to two former Google employees.” A Google spokesperson declined to comment to the Times, and Urmson also disputed the reason for his leave. The Times also reported that Urmson had taken the summer off and decided to leave the company only recently, informing colleagues of his planned departure on Thursday. Related: Tesla is causing an explosion in Bay Area manufacturing Urmson closed out his Medium post with a vote of confidence for the team he was leaving behind. “There are many other problems or products this talented group of people could work on, but they’ve chosen self-driving cars because they understand the impact their work can have on making our roads safer and bringing everyday destinations within reach for millions of people,” he wrote. “I will be cheering along and following their progress.”
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 23, 2016 12:54 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement Ron Cook: Prudence fills Clint Hurdle's reaction to Pirates' painful loss to the Reds August 8, 2016 12:00 AM Doug Pensinger / Getty Images Manager Clint Hurdle can't be happy with what he is seeing on the field these days. By Ron Cook / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Clint Hurdle said something Sunday after the latest worst game of the Pirates’ increasingly frustrating season that sent me right to Google. I typed in “world’s biggest desk.” It turns out the Barbarian Group, a marketing company in New York, New York, spent $300,000 to build a desk that stretches for 1,100 feet with a square footage of 4,400. A visibly annoyed Hurdle could have used that piece of furniture after the hideous 7-3 loss to the Cincinnati Reds. “I’m taking all the things that didn’t work and putting them on my desk,” he growled. “All that went wrong today comes to my table. I’ve got to sort it out and get through it.” Didn’t Hurdle suffer enough watching that abysmal display of ball from a team that looks disinterested, almost as if it doesn’t care? It seems like cruel and unusual punishment to make the man re-live the Reds’ five stolen bases (four by Billy Hamilton), another error by Jung Ho Kang and two wild pitches in the Reds’ three-run seventh inning, the inability of his hitters to score more than one run in the Pirates’ seventh against baseball’s worst bullpen despite starting with three consecutive walks and — as the sad topper — the normally alert Jordy Mercer getting picked off first base with no outs in the ninth with his team down the four runs. It was brutal, and every bit as bad as the Pirates’ go-through-the-motions weekend sweep in Milwaukee July 29-31. It’s no wonder the PNC Park fans were hot and bothered, and not just because of the steamy weather. They were especially agitated with the home club during that seventh-inning fiasco when the boos were loud and deserved. I’m wondering if we had better get used to it. The Pirates are 3-5 since trading Mark Melancon despite playing Milwaukee, Atlanta and Cincinnati, three of the worst teams in baseball. They have been unfocused or, if you aren’t in the mood to be kind, have played as if they are pouting. Shame on them. Hurdle wouldn’t argue with that assessment. “There’s not always nuggets at the end,” he said. “Sometimes, years are hard and you just don’t get things done. You’ve still got to go out and play. You’ve got a responsibility and accountability to play. We talked the other day about earning things. You’ve got to keep earning them … “You get on a roll here, something big can happen.” That’s what made this loss really sting. The Pirates won the first two games against the Reds behind Jameson Taillon and Ivan Nova. Who better than Gerrit Cole — the presumptive staff ace — to complete the sweep? It was a nice thought, anyway. Cole was beaten virtually from the start. He walked Hamilton to open the game. “[That’s] pretty much a triple within four or five pitches,” Cole said. So it went. Hamilton stole second and third base and scored the first of the Reds’ two first-inning runs. The Pirates never recovered. By the time Cole staggered through 5⅔ innings, they trailed, 4-1. “Fastball location was poor,” Cole said. “Controlling the running game was poor. Pitch efficiency was poor. You name it.” Maybe we should have seen this coming. Yes, Cole had allowed just one run in each of his previous three starts, including his first career complete game against Seattle on July 27. But these were the Reds he was facing. They own him. He’s now 0-6 against them with a 5.44 earned run average. “This team has been a problem for him, a little bit of puzzle,” Hurdle said. “He’s got to keep working at it to bust through it.” Hurdle was blunt. “He’s capable of more.” It was nice to hear Hurdle equally blunt about his team. It, too, is capable of more than shameful baseball. Ron Cook: rcook@post-gazette.com and Twitter @RonCookPG. Ron Cook can be heard on the “Cook and Poni” show weekdays from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on 93.7 The Fan. Related Media: Pirates notebook: General Manager Huntington hopeful for new talent as Pirates continue waiver watch Lopsided loss adds to pile of mistakes for Pirates Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News NDB’s investment in wind power project in Fujian Less trading of Shanghai’s existing homes in October Lufthansa cancels nearly 900 flights over pilot strike Lufthansa cancels nearly 900 flights over pilot strike Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News 15% of local office workers suffer neck, waist problems: experts Semi-trailer driver charged with endangering public safety after damaging 17 cars while drunk driving Breathing clean air: a challenging top priority Shanghai medical team impresses WHO officials Medical sector is told to get with it Agreements signed with Africa Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News I’m no cheat, says du Plessis after tampering row Dane Jorgensen insists China still the team to beat US fires Klinsmann, eyes Arena Aurier barred from UK for Arsenal duel Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Banyan resort nestled in ‘fairyland’ EU unveils new security system for travelers A touch of political history, the hush of tranquility Russian troupe stages ballet classics Identifying needs, allocating care for the elderly A century on, and these people face every new day with a smile Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News Agriculture R&D offers hope for world’s poorest China-CEE ties moving in positive direction Shanghai: A model for the world in road safety Rising dollar points to risks in global market Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Bamboo flute player who has a heart of gold Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News No butts about it: the noose tightens on smoking The pathways to living longer and healthier Sci-fi flick ‘Arrival’ finds little to say ‘Potter’ spin-off’s dark tone divides critics Fashion with a social ‘mission’ Indigenous Bolivian dresses go global Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Trump pulls back on climate change GPs in the front line as city backs reforms Tai chi exercises impress the delegates TCM to get a bigger global role Community leaders need to set example The story appears on Page C4 August 8, 2016 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 Lippi begins tenure as China coach, target still World Cup 里皮正式执掌中国国家队，目标世界杯 View more » Photo Sets Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund First Shanghai-born panda cub officially named View more » Home » Business » Benchmark Sharing the ride: Didi picks up Uber’s China unit By Ding Yining | August 8, 2016, Monday | Print Edition DIDI Chuxing’s announcement that it would acquire the China arm of Uber, creating a US$35 billion ride-hailing giant, reminds us how the simple concepts of the “sharing economy” can easily explode into big business — the very thing that grassroots resource-pooling was meant to circumvent. Ride-hailing pairs drivers willing to use their cars as ad-hoc taxis to earn a bit of money on the side with passengers eager to cut the cost of inner-city travel. Discounted rides, conveniently arranged via mobile phone apps, were a big hit with consumers. So popular, in fact, that the big money moved in. Didi’s announcement last week came only 18 months after it acquired smaller local rival Kuaidi and only two months after it secured US$7.3 billion in a fourth round of funding that included the likes of Apple and Alibaba affiliate Ant Financial. San Francisco-based Uber began operations in China 2013, taking on a formidable domestic rival in Didi, which had more than three-quarters of the ride-sharing market in China. The odds were long. For one thing, Uber relied too much at first on Google maps, which don’t function well in China, until its tie-up with Baidu in late 2014. The app also took longer to launch than its Chinese counterparts in order to decide the location of the closest vehicle available for a rider. With heavy subsidies to drivers and discounts to riders as the main tools of competition, both Didi and Uber were forced to seek outside financing from institutional investors eager to sniff out the next “unicorn,” or private startup likely to expand into valuation of US$1 billion or more. The two companies had at least four common investors: BlackRock, Hillhouse Capital, Tiger Global and China Life Insurance Co. Globally, Uber received US$11.5 billion in 14 rounds of equity and debt financing, with big names such as Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Google Venture behind it. While money no longer seems a stumbling block for the big ride-hailing services, core issues remain unresolved. The quality of rides, for example. Didi and other ride-hailing apps can’t easily scrutinize the actual situation of the vehicles on hire. Sometimes the claims of vehicle owners are not what’s advertised on the apps. There have been reports worldwide of criminal acts arising from the rides. Drivers sometimes change their license plates, leaving riders bewildered about which is the genuine vehicle contacted on a ride-hailing app. Drivers sometimes show up in cars not bearing local plates, which limits their access to parts of central Shanghai during certain hours of the day. Drivers sometimes don’t show up at all. Subsidies paid to drivers and discounts offered to consumer loom large in the success of ride-hailing. I seriously doubt if anyone would be keen to use these services if the fares rose. Currently, they are about a fourth less than a comparable fare in a standard taxi. I took an Uber ride in Shanghai just one day after the deal was announced. It cost me 13 yuan (US$1.9). Jian, as the driver identified himself, was in his mid-20s. He expressed no concern about news of the Didi-Uber deal. “I don’t worry at all,” he told me. “If Didi or Uber stop giving subsidies to drivers, I’ll simply switch to a different app.” Under the deal announced last week, Uber investors will hold a combined 20 percent stake in the combined company and Didi didn’t disclose the stake it would hold in Uber. The deal ups the valuation of Didi to US$35 billion. Analysys International has estimated that the online ride-hailing market will grow to 81.4 billion yuan, but annual growth is expected to slow to about 16 percent from 51 percent this year. It’s hard to discern the exact market share of each company across China. Uber may have temporarily overtaken its bigger rival in one or two smaller cities, but overall Didi is still dominant. In terms of geographical expansion, Uber operates in 60 Chinese cities, with over 40 million rides per week. Didi covers 400 cities, with 112 million rides a week. One report covering the first quarter had Didi with 85.6 percent penetration rate among frequent ride-hailing service users in the first quarter, followed by Uber’s 15.4 percent and Shenzhou Zuche’s 10.7 percent. Other smaller players were in the single digits. The capital market is not short of brave entrepreneurs. Late last year, private car service Yidao Yongche, which received US$700 million in funding from LeTV, said more than 750,000 users had an aggregate account balance of 965 million yuan, while Yidao was subsidizing another 965 million yuan. That meant riders get a 50 percent each time they hail a ride. A day after the Didi-Uber merger, Yidao Yongche Chief Executive Zhou Hang said his firm will continue to invest in more technology capability, aiming to improve rider services and challenge Didi’s dominance. According to an announcement last month from China’s Ministry of Transport that legalizes ride-sharing and ride-hailing applications, local authorities will have the final say on granting business licenses to ride-hailing vehicles and drivers. It is still not clear whether local transport authorities may decide to limit the number of eligible ride-hailing vehicles. Just another hurdle on the horizon? BusinessBenchmark <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Public smoking ban to go nationwide Thinking Christmas outside the box You are what you eat and it’s going to be healthy TransAsia closes after fatal crashes Breathing clean air: a challenging top priority Badminton star Lin Dan says 'sorry' to family, admits to affair after paparazzi caught him cheating Auto boss ‘called Chinese bastards’ Full Video of Tiger Attack in Beijing Wildlife Park Released Teacher fired for ‘mistreating children’ 17 killed, 37 injured in Shanxi highway collision Badminton star Lin Dan says 'sorry' to family, admits to affair after paparazzi caught him cheating Huangpu to have its own Lujiazui Last time it was this wet in Shanghai was in 1875 Auto boss ‘called Chinese bastards’ Northerners not attractive for Shanghai’s choosy singles <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Trump pulls back on climate change GPs in the front line as city backs reforms Tai chi exercises impress the delegates TCM to get a bigger global role Community leaders need to set example View more » Latest Business News Plan to lure funds via FTZ accounts Pilots’ strike hits 1,800 flights at Lufthansa Nearly 50% to use Internet by year-end Cotton SOE merged with Sinograin Expansion plan for HK Disneyland at US$1.4b NDB’s investment in wind power project in Fujian View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Singapore Switzerland Germany France View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps It looks like you can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 Xbox One streaming is coming to Oculus Rift on December 12th November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are the Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 Freedom Mobile CEO says ‘it came to a point where we decided to own our own brand’ November 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps It looks like you can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 Xbox One streaming is coming to Oculus Rift on December 12th November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are the Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 Freedom Mobile CEO says ‘it came to a point where we decided to own our own brand’ November 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Google and Dashlane’s open-source Android project means ‘You Only Login Once’ HTC is launching Viveport, a new virtual reality app platform Dots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Igor Bonifacic August 7, 2016 12:44pm For this edition of Game of the Week we have something that will be familiar to anyone who has played Bejeweled. Dots & Co is the third entry in the Dots series. Essentially a connect the dots game, each new stage tasks players with clearing a number of different coloured dots to complete the level. How developer Dots manages to make the experience hard to put is down by constantly adding new twists to the game’s core mechanics. For instance, connect four dots in to a square and all other dots of the same colour currently in play will also disappear from the level, leading to new opportunities with the other dots on the board. Then there are the triangles and white dots that come in to play later in the game. The former help power up a non-player companion who will, once fully charged, clear all the dots of a single colour, while the latter can be used in conjunction with dots of one other colour to open up new moves. What helps further set apart this entry in the series from its predecessors is its fit and polish. Charming, clean and vibrant art is on showcase throughout Dots & Co. Moreover, with 155 levels at launch, and more to come in future updates, there’s a lot of content here to work through. The one issue with the game — and it’s a familiar one — is how its in-app purchases work. Some of the game’s more fun power-ups require tokens to use, which cost real-world money to acquire. Each time the game introduces one of its cool power ups, only to then reveal how much they cost to use, it’s a buzzkill. In addition, Dots & Co has energy system that limits your playtime. It takes three energy points to attempt a level, which is not an issue if you manage to get a high score as you’ll get three energy points back, but if you barely manage to complete said level, then you’ll either have to wait before you regenerate the necessary points needed to attempt a level or pay to get new ones. Still, Dots & Co is a fun diversion. Download from the iTunes App Store or Google Play Store. Mike I hate you for suggesting this game. I am OBSESSED with it now!!! <3 Stéphan Gauthier It gets old pretty quickly. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Bilingual Pages Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Bilingual Pages Mon, Aug 08, 2016 - Page 9　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp New Google Play functions protect cellphone space and security 讓手機不再爆容量　全靠 Google Play 新功能 PicCollage co-founder John Fan and product manager Mica Huang, Google Play manager Chen Hsiao-ying and Framy Android platform development team leader Lance Chang hold Android, Google Play and Google Cardboard logos at a press event in Taipei on June 7. 左起PicCollage創辦人樊立勳、產品經理黃亞筑、Google Play經理陳曉瑩和Framy Android平台開發總監張立楷在六月七日於台北舉行的記者會上手持Android、Google Play和Google Cardboard的商標。 Photo: Liao Chien-ying, Liberty Times 照片：自由時報記者廖千瑩攝 As the official launch of Android 7.0 Nougat approaches, Google Inc’s Google Play Store will be offering several new functions. One of these should solve the problem of cellphone users’ devices getting infected by malware or other programs that take up a lot of space when they download third-party applications and install them via Android application package (APK) files. Google Play will use two new functions to help users check how much space applications take up and how safe they are. According to a report by Phone Arena, Google will add a function in its Android Nougat system to determine the source of app installations, so that users will be able to see clearly from the detailed app information whether a particular app has been installed from Google Play or via a third-party APK. This will help users keep tabs on the safety of apps installed on their Android cellphones. If a user discovers that a certain app has been overwritten by a third-party installation file, they will be able to remove it straight away and reinstall the Google Play version, thus preventing unsafe app files from occupying space in their phones. In other news, according to a report by 9to5Google, Google is launching a new mechanism in Google Play to ensure that Google Play update files are not too big and so avoid draining consumers’ cellphone data plans. A key feature will be a new compression algorithm that can compress update files by more than 50 percent. At the same time, Google Play will more clearly indicate the size of update files — not just the size of the APK file, but also including the total space that the app will occupy when the user has finished downloading. This new function has already been officially activated for the Android platform. TODAY’S WORDS 今日單字 1. third-party adj. 第三方 (di4 san1 fang1) 例: We cannot guarantee the quality of third-party accessories. (我們無法保證第三方配件的品質。) 2. drain v. 消耗 (xiao1 hao4) 例: Air conditioners drain more power than fans. (空調比電扇消耗更多電力。) 3. activate v. 啟用 (qi3 yong4) 例: The department store will activate its Web site next month. (這家百貨公司的網站下個月啟用。) (Liberty Times, translated by Julian Clegg) 隨著Android即將正式推出，穀歌的Google Play商店也將迎來不少新功能。其中為了解決手機用戶自行下載第三方應用程式、透過APK檔安裝導致惡意程式入侵占用手機容量的問題，Google Play將透過兩項新功能來協助用戶確認應用程式的佔用空間與安全性。 根據《Phone Arena》的報導，Google將在Android N系統中加入區別應用程式安裝來源的功能，未來在應用程式的詳細資料中，用戶可以清楚看到該應用程式是從 Google Play 安裝來的，還是從其他第三方APK檔案安裝而來。 這有助於用戶掌握Android手機中的應用安全性，若是發現特定應用程式被第三方安裝檔覆蓋，可以立即移除並且重新安裝成 Google Play的版本，避免不安全的應用程式檔案占用手機空間。 另外根據《9to5Google》的報導，穀歌將會在Google Play中啟用新的機制，確保Google Play的更新檔案大小不會過大，同時避免消耗用戶的手機流量。其中的關鍵在於新的壓縮方式可以減少百分之五十以上的更新檔案大小。 同時Google Play也會更清楚地標明更新檔案的大小，這不僅僅只是應用程式APK的檔案大小，同時包含用戶完全下載時所需的完整容量，這項新功能目前已經在Android平台上正式啟用。(自由時報記者譚偉晟) This story has been viewed 3863 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-17 to 2016-11-24 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 2 Anti-gay protesters storm legislature 3 DPP proposes cutting officers’ pensions 4 Events and entertainment listings 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 TransAsia abruptly halts flights 2 Most employees want to change jobs, poll shows 3 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 4 Southeast Asia may get Trumped (P) 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps It looks like you can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 Xbox One streaming is coming to Oculus Rift on December 12th November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are the Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 Freedom Mobile CEO says ‘it came to a point where we decided to own our own brand’ November 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones New update addresses Pixel’s LTE connectivity issue November 22, 2016 You can now reserve the Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge at Rogers November 22, 2016 The OnePlus 3T is now available in Canada November 22, 2016 HTC’s 10 Evo is a Bolt by a different name, [Update] not coming to Canada November 22, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables The Samsung Gear S3 is now available in Canada for $469.99 November 23, 2016 Qualcomm is betting on AR as the future of mobile technology November 22, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Intel scales back November 22, 2016 Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Furbo lets you give your dog treats remotely November 21, 2016 Microsoft details minimum PC spec for its upcoming $300 VR headsets November 21, 2016 Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Tesla is powering an entire American Samoa island with solar power November 22, 2016 Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps It looks like you can now catch Ditto in Pokémon Go November 23, 2016 Pokémon Go’s revamped ‘Nearby’ feature is now available in parts of Canada November 23, 2016 Customization remains key for Android enthusiasts says Developers Alliance November 23, 2016 Xbox One streaming is coming to Oculus Rift on December 12th November 23, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Ontario court rules in favour of Bell, bars VMedia from offering skinny basic Roku app November 22, 2016 Here are the Canadian carriers’ Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 22, 2016 CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 Freedom Mobile CEO says ‘it came to a point where we decided to own our own brand’ November 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC renews broadcast packages for one year rather than seven following hearing November 21, 2016 CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Apple is reportedly ending development of its AirPort wireless routers November 21, 2016 BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest The best Canadian Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals November 21, 2016 A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's How to watch Amazon Prime Video in Canada November 22, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week Dots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Google and Dashlane’s open-source Android project means ‘You Only Login Once’ Rose Behar August 7, 2016 11:14am Google is partnering with password management service Dashlane and other leading password managers to create an open-source API called Open YOLO– or “You Only Login Once.” The API works with a user’s favourite password manager to allow users to login just once at the beginning of a session, gaining access to all of their other Android apps without any extra input needed for validation. That isn’t to say the validation process is skipped, however. Behind the scenes, the user’s password manager of choice is going through the process of secure login. In its release Dashlane says it is spearheading the collaboration with other top password managers, but doesn’t mention names. In the comments, however, a moderator has expanded on the details of the situation, stating that once YOLO is made public (after Dashlane, Google and other major contributors deem it stable), any password management developer will be able to fully utilize and contribute to the code. Additionally, Android app developers can choose whether or not to implement the code that will allow for seamless login– that means there’s no guarantee that all of a user’s apps will automatically accept the new process. Dashlane has high hopes for its project, and with Google’s partnership development looks promising. “This project is the first big step towards making security simple and accessible for every user, on every device,” states the company, “In the future, we see this open API going beyond just Android devices, and becoming universally-implemented by apps and password managers across every platform and operating system.” Related reading: Google says Marshmallow is now powering over 15.2 percent of Android devices SourceDashlane Orage42 I’ve been wanting to start using a password manager, this is tipping the scale towards Dashlane. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Package Index Browse packages Package submission List trove classifiers RSS (latest 40 updates) RSS (newest 40 packages) PyPI Tutorial PyPI Security PyPI Support PyPI Bug Reports PyPI Discussion PyPI Developer Info About News Documentation Download Community Foundation Core Development Package Index > dazel > 0.0.23 Not Logged In Login Register Lost Login? Use OpenID Login with Google dazel 0.0.23 Downloads ↓ Run bazel in Docker, in a reproducible and portable container. Latest Version: 0.0.25 Run Google’s bazel inside a docker container via a seamless proxy. bazel is awesome at creating fast and reproducible builds on your own development environment. The problem is that it works in an imperfect and non-portable environment. Enter dazel. dazel allows you to create your build environment as a Docker image, either via a Dockerfile or a prebuilt repository. The tool itself is a simple python script that sends the command line arguments directly to bazel inside the container, and maps all of the necessary volumes to make it seamless to you. It uses the ‘docker exec’ command to achieve this, and maps the current directory and the bazel-WORKDIR link directory so that the results appear on the host as if you ran the command locally on the host. It is run the same way you would bazel: dazel build //my/cool/package/...
dazel run //my/cool/package:target
 This was a simple build and run. The command line arguments were sent as-is into the docker container, and the output was run in the same manner inside the container. Running the command for the first time will start the container on it’s own, and it will automatically detect if there is need to rebuild or restart the container (if the Dockerfile is newer than the conatiner). You can configure anything you need through the “.dazelrc” file in the same directory. Take a look at the configuration section for information on how to write one. Installation Dependencies apt-get install python python-pip
apt-get install docker
 Install dazel pip install dazel
 That’s all there is to it. Even bazel is not required! Configuration You can configure dazel in two ways (or combine): * A .dazelrc file in the current directory. * Environment variables with the configuration parameters mentioned below. Note that specific environment variables supercede the values in the .dazelrc file. The possible parameters to set are (with their defaults): # The name of the docker container to run.
DAZEL_INSTANCE_NAME="dazel"

# The name of the dazel image to build or pull.
DAZEL_IMAGE_NAME="dazel"

# The command to run when running the image (the continuous command that will
# hold the container active while we connect to it).
DAZEL_RUN_COMMAND="/bin/bash"

# The path to the Dockerfile to use to build the dazel image.
DAZEL_DOCKERFILE="Dockerfile.dazel"  # in DAZEL_DIRECTORY

# The repository to pull the dazel image from.
DAZEL_REPOSITORY="dazel"

# The directory to build the dazel image in.
DAZEL_DIRECTORY=$PWD

# The command to run inside the container.
# NOTE: You should add flags to the .bazelrc file instead of here, since it is
#       also shared in the volume and it is a much cleaner way.
DAZEL_COMMAND="/bazel/output/bazel"

# Add any additional volumes you want to share between the host and the docker
# container, in the normal "hostdir:dockerdir" format.
# This can be a python iterable, or a comma-separated string.
DAZEL_VOLUMES=[]

# Add any ports you want to publish from the dazel container to the host, in the
# normal "interface:dockerport:hostport" (e.g. "0.0.0.0:80:80").
# This can be useful if you use the "dazel run //my/cool/webserver/target"
# command for example, and need to publish port 80.
DAZEL_PORTS=[]

# The name of the network on which to load all run dependencies and dazel container.
# If you are using a docker-compose.yml file to load the environment, this must
# be the network name to which all of the necessary dependencies are connected.
DAZEL_NETWORK="dazel"

# Add any additional images that you want to run as dependencies and hook up to
# the same docker network as the main container.
# The format is the standard "repository/image:tag", but you can optionally add
# the name of the container to create with "repository/image:tag::container".
# This is useful if you want to add "postgres" or "rabbitmq" for instance, and
# have them run as part of your test environment in a seamless reproducible way.
# This can be a python iterable, or a comma-separated string.
# Note: alternatively, you can use a docker-compose.yml file for dependencies.
DAZEL_RUN_DEPS=[]

# Add a docker-compose.yml file here to use it to load any services you want to
# launch as part of the environment for running bazel.
# This can be a much more complex environment than what is possible using run
# dependencies.
# Note: you can control both the project name and which services to run with the
# variables below.
DAZEL_DOCKER_COMPOSE_FILE=""

# If using a docker-compose.yml file, this will set the COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME
# environment variable and thus the project name.
DAZEL_DOCKER_COMPOSE_PROJECT_NAME="dazel"

# If using a docker-compose.yml file, you can specify the services to run in the
# file (and empty string means all services - as in running: docker-compose up).
# This can be a python iterable, or a comma-separated string.
DAZEL_DOCKER_COMPOSE_SERVICES=""

# Whether or not to run in privileged mode (fixes bazel sandboxing issues on some
# systems). Note that this can be a python boolean equivalent, so if setting
# this from the environment, simply set it to an empty string.
DAZEL_DOCKER_RUN_PRIVILEGED=False

# Path to custom .bazelrc file to use when running the bazel commands.
DAZEL_BAZEL_RC_FILE=""
   File Type Py Version Uploaded on Size dazel-0.0.23-py2.py3-none-any.whl (md5) Python Wheel py2.py3 2016-08-07 11KB dazel-0.0.23.tar.gz (md5) Source 2016-08-07 11KB Author: nadir.izr Home Page: https://github.com/nadirizr/dazel Keywords: docker,bazel License: MIT Categories Development Status :: 4 - Beta Intended Audience :: Developers License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License Programming Language :: Python :: 2 Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6 Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7 Programming Language :: Python :: 3 Programming Language :: Python :: 3.2 Programming Language :: Python :: 3.3 Programming Language :: Python :: 3.4 Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules Requires Distributions coverage; extra == 'test' check-manifest; extra == 'dev' Package Index Owner: nadir.izr DOAP record: dazel-0.0.23.xml Website maintained by the Python community Real-time CDN by Fastly / Hosting by Rackspace Object storage by Amazon S3 / Design by Tim Parkin Copyright © 1990-2016, Python Software Foundation Legal Statements
null
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Inside Facebook's crazy new hardware lab by Heather Kelly   @heatherkelly August 3, 2016: 12:36 PM ET A tour of Facebook's new, secretive hardware lab Tucked away on the first floor of Facebook's sprawling Menlo Park campus is a highly secure, pristine room filled with expensive and potentially dangerous equipment. Only about ten people so far have the clearance to enter the area, and all have received special safety training. It's the kind of place you might expect to find a top secret government agency running tests on alien life forms. It's actually one room in Area 404, a new 22,000-square-foot hardware lab that's a wonderland of prototyping toys for Facebook's (FB, Tech30) mechanical engineers. Related: Can Facebook's moonshots succeed where Google's struggle? There are giant CNC machines, 3D printers, and large format waterjet machines that can cut nearly any material with precision. Engineers from across Facebook departments can come here to design, build, and test prototypes like server racks or specialized tools for Facebook's Aquila drone group. Should a prototyped piece of hardware not work, engineers can take it to the failure analysis lab. There they can do a post-mortem using a CT scanner, MRI machine, scanning electron microscope, or radio frequency chamber. "What we're trying to do here is bring together all of the teams from across the company to work on interesting new projects," said Jay Parikh, Facebook's head of engineering and infrastructure, during a press tour on Tuesday. This is not Facebook's first foray into hardware. It might be known publicly for its website and apps, but the company has been building physical things since 2009, when it started making custom equipment for its first data center. Hardware also plays a major part in its 10-year plan, which CEO Mark Zuckerberg previewed at the F8 developer's conference in April. Related: Can Facebook's moonshots succeed where Google's struggle? Oculus is busy working on virtual reality and augmented reality goggles and equipment. It will keep its main Seattle lab but also use Area 404. Facebook made the Surround 360-degree camera for capturing VR footage, then open-sourced the design. Most of the projects are things that will never be touched by consumers. As part of its mission to bring Internet access to people currently offline, Facebook is building drones, satellites with lasers, telecom infrastructure, and earth-bound hardware for improving coverage like its Terragraph project. Then there's the mysterious Building 8, Facebook's recently announced hardware development lab helmed by former DARPA and Google exec Regina Dugan. Facebook says Building 8 is currently in the middle of hiring staff and will have access to Area 404, but will likely have its own cool machinery as well. Other departments will keep their existing labs, but Area 404 is meant to be a centralized place for collaboration. Unlike software, building things out of plastic or sheet metal is difficult for multiple people to do remotely. Related: Facebook's giant internet drone nails test flight At the moment, Area 404 is still a ghost town. Desks are mostly empty and everything looks brand new, down to the blindingly shiny floors. The space used to house regular offices, but Facebook spent the last nine months gutting it and getting it ready to support incredibly heavy equipment. The ground is three-feet of concrete reinforced by rebar on top of 100 pylons. The company won't say how much the project cost. Soon the machines will hum to life and Facebook will be able to make its own prototypes instead of relying on outside labs. Creating something new will take days instead of weeks or months, and innovation will happen faster. "We're really trying to plan for the future with this lab," said Spencer Burns, a CNC model maker who helped design the lab. "Whoever thought you'd be doing this at Facebook?" CNNMoney (Menlo Park, Calif.) First published August 3, 2016: 11:04 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Brexit scorecard: The cost and complexity of leaving the EU Possible pick for Treasury secretary makes his film debut Patagonia will donate 100% of its Black Friday sales Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner 5 cards offering 0% interest until 2018 Transferring your debt to a 21-month 0% intro APR is ingenious 10 jaw-dropping balance transfer offers A $500 intro bonus has arrived A proven method to pay off credit cards Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
back to www.lockergnome.com Learn Web Development by Building 14 Websites for Just $14.99 Give $10, Get $10 Toggle navigation Refer a friend, get $10 Gear + Gadgets Online Courses Categories Web Services Lifestyle Software Designer Assets Interests Apple / Mac Android Developer Designer Productivity Entrepreneur Collections VPNs & Cyber Security Drones Lifetime Subscriptions Under $20 Pay What You Want Smart Home Free Giveaways Freebies Login The Entrepreneur's Launch Pad App Bundle These 4 Powerful Apps Will Optimize Your SEO, Run Retargeting Campaigns & Help Your Company Soar Towards the Fortune 500 Ending In: view similar items view similar items 1 2 3 1 2 3 view similar items $688 94% Off Ending In: add to waitlist What's Included SEOPop $197 Value RetargetPop $197 Value ProjectPop $197 Value SupportPop $97 Value Product Details 1 of 4 SEOPop Perform "Unfair" SEO Intelligence Reports to Drive Your Site to the Top of Google Results By PopNetMedia | in Software description specs license Did you know that the top 3 spots on Google receive nearly 60% of all search engine traffic for any given keyword? That is tough for numbers 4 and higher. And that's why SEOPop exists. SEOPop analyzes a website to generate an SEO report card based off of a large list of weighted SEO factors, and then creates an in-depth audit of the URL being analyzed. Doing this manually, is incredibly difficult, but SEOPop automates the entire process, providing you with helpful tips on how to ensure your site is getting the exposure it needs and deserves. Visualize your overall SEO report card & compare it to your competition Identify & fix SEO mistakes on your site & increase your score to ensure Google sees your site as quality content Keep track of all your rankings for as many keywords as you want See how your site's traffic stacks up against your competition Gain breakdowns of your social signal impact in SEO, including Facebook & Twitter page analysis Analyze page speed & load time metrics to fix any lagging issues on your site Improve your site's mobile performance by identifying how Google ranks your site on smartphones & tablets Details & Requirements Compatibility Internet required Length of access: lifetime RetargetPop Close More Customer Purchases with This Efficient Retargeting Software By PopNetMedia | in Software description specs license Retargeting is one of the most ubiquitous advertising methods used on the internet today. Have you ever left a website without buying something, only to see that site's ads following you seemingly everywhere you browse? That's good retargeting. It's creepy, but it works. Studies show that users who are retargeted with display ads are 70% more likely to buy something. If you operate an online business, or work for a company that does, this software will make retargeting easier, and drive sales like you've never seen! Set up unlimited retargeting campaigns for as many sites as you like Work w/ retargeting codes for Facebook, Google, Fetchback, Adroll, Retargeter & Chango Let as many users as you'd like access RetargetPop to organize team campaigns Target traffic from any site you own to an unlimited number of sites Retarget traffic from sites that aren't yours that you have an account on Details & Requirements Unlimited campaigns Works with any retargeting code Unlimited users Compatibility Internet required Length of access: lifetime Unlimited campaigns Unlimited users ProjectPop Run a More Productive Workplace with ProjectPop By PopNetMedia | in Software description specs license If you manage or work on a team of professionals, you know how crucial a productive work environment is for completing projects and achieving positive results. ProjectPop offers that productivity-optimized virtual work environment that has been specifically designed to help teams coordinate on any project from start to finish. Want your business to be more productive? You need ProjectPop. Assign & coordinate major projects w/ milestones & task lists Generate unlimited user profiles w/ functional roles & permissions Manage unlimited files & track all of your virtual employees' times working on a project Work w/ any browser & sync w/ iCal & Google Calendar Receive email notifications whenever a project or task is updated Communicate & stay on task w/ the messaging center Details & Requirements Unlimited users Unlimited files SSL data encryption w/ UTF8 support Available in 35 languages Compatibility Internet required Length of access: lifetime Unlimited users Unlimited files SupportPop Provide Better Customer Service & Keep Happy Customers Coming Back By PopNetMedia | in Software description specs license One of the most essential cogs in any business is customer service. Communicating with customers and servicing their needs is the best way to turn one-time customers into repeat customers, while poor customer service is the easiest way to kill your business. SupportPop ensures you have the infrastructure to quickly and efficiently answer large numbers of customer queries so your customers remain happy with the service they've been provided. Navigate the simple & intuitive Ticket Hub admin panel w/ ease Arrange tickets by department to streamline response Set priority levels from 1 to 5 to find the areas of greatest need Merge duplicate tickets or tickets from the same customer efficiently Add canned responses to answer the same questions automatically Insert notes to any ticket to better describe problems to end users Create unlimited new users & differentiate their profiles easily Build an AKnowledge base to direct customers to answer their own questions Details & Requirements Unlimited users Compatibility Internet required Length of access: lifetime Unlimited users View All Products Terms All sales final Instant digital redemption 1 2 3 view similar items view similar items 1 2 3 view similar items Refer Friends & Get $10 Credit Share your referral link with friends and earn $10 credit upon their first purchase. Questions Email our Customer Support From 9am - 6pm PST. We're here to help! Connect with us | Facebook | 5.57K | Twitter | 25.4K | Google | Pinterest | Youtube Sign Up For Our Newsletter Email address Submit Support Contact FAQs Shipping Returns Terms Privacy My Account Profile Account Purchases Credits Preferences Are you a vendor? Get exclusive coverage to the world's top publisher sites through the StackCommerce network. Learn More Powered By Copyright © 2016 StackCommerce. All Rights Reserved. Are you a vendor? Get exclusive coverage to the world's top publisher sites through the StackCommerce network. Learn More Powered By × For a limited time, take 10% OFF your first purchase when you subscribe to receive email updates Submit No Thanks, I'll just pay full price By joining our mailing list you agree to our Terms and Conditions Coupon code will be sent to the email address submitted above Sweet, you're in! Check your inbox for your 10% off coupon. LET'S GO SHOPPING!

null
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Science Google NASA Scientists unearth the secrets of the ocean using Google Maps-style mapping Scientists estimate that over 60% of Earth's oceans remain unexplored. By Jason Murdock August 7, 2016 12:38 BST Close Embed Feed Dancing corals captured on film with extreme underwater microscope Nature Video <iframe src="http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/videos/embed/19181" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe> With only 5% of the world's seafloor mapped in any real detail, scientists are now planning to take a Google Maps-style approach to unearthing the secrets of the oceans. The ultimate aim, helping ships and submarines to traverse the seas in safety, will involve 'mapping' natural dangers including underwater mountains, trenches and volcanoes using state-of-the-art techniques. The new technology involved, called multibeam sonar, allows "one vessel to map a swathe of sea bed hundreds of metres wide" and reportedly uses big-data software to create charts and sea-bed maps, according to the Sunday Times. Professor Julian Dowdeswell, director of the Scott Polar Research Institute involved in the project, said: "Sea mountains are very common. We found one that rises from 2,500m depth to within 200m of the surface on one of our first voyages off Greenland." In June, a collective of 150 scientists, scholars and business associates endorsed a project dubbed Seafloor 2030 during the Forum for Future Ocean Floor Mapping in Monaco. "More than 85% of the world's ocean floor remains unmapped with modern mapping methods," it said on its website. "The comprehensive mapping of the entire ocean floor is possible by the year 2030." The ocean mapping scheme will be overseen by a UN-backed group called the General Bathymetric Chart of the Oceans (Gebco) and technology giant Google is also lending support. "It's a matter of commitment," Larry Mayer, director of the Centre for Marine Science and Coastal Engineering at the University of New Hampshire, told the BBC at the time. "We could map the entire deep oceans for $3bn – no more than a single Mars mission." The tensions between the oceanographers, dedicated to exploring our planet, and Nasa – dedicated to exploiting the wider universe – have existed for years. Funding, naturally, has remained a key sticking point in both organisations. In one academic paper, sociologist Amitai Etzioni called on US President Barack Obama to cut back on the so-called "excessive spending" on space exploration and instead invest money into oceanic studies. Referencing a "longstanding misalignment" of funding between Nasa and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Etzioni said more can be done to know more about our own planet. The oceans are largely unexplored territory – and scientists want to change thatDavid McNew/Getty Images Noting the differences in funding, he said: "The basic reason is that deep space – Nasa's favourite turf – is a distant, hostile, and barren place, the study of which yields few major discoveries and an abundance of overhyped claims. "By contrast, the oceans are nearby, and their study is a potential source of discoveries that could prove helpful for addressing a wide range of national concerns from climate change to disease." Meanwhile, when discussing tragedies like the loss of Malaysian airliner MH370, all experts appear to be in agreement that greater research into our oceans will benefit rescue operations in the future. "Much of the effort that's gone into finding [MH370] has been essentially making a base map," Mayer asserted. "If we'd had that base map, it would have saved months and months of time." Read more on IBTimes UK What makes ocean health important? Everything is about water. Water is life. Malaysia confirms home simulator of MH370 pilot Zaharie Ahmad Shah had Indian Ocean flight path MH370: What debris has been found from the missing Malaysia Airlines plane? Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Dogs have episodic memory just like humans Columnists Alastair Campbell “Clinton voters and Remainers are too gracious in defeat - it's time to become bad losers READ MORE Dogs remember our actions - and can imitate us Dogs show signs of episodic memories as they can recall human actions... Viral graph shows catastrophic polar ice loss due to extreme weather Scientists say extreme events are partly due to climate change but... What is individual cognitive processing therapy, used to treat PTSD patients? Individual sessions of cognitive processing therapy appeared more... Hopes for promising Alzheimer's drug fade after Solanezumab fails to slow cognitive decline Participants showed no improvements in cognition compared to people... Extremely rare and ancient 'thinking man' jug discovered in Israel Vessel dates to Middle Bronze Age and was found alongside daggers, an... Astronauts could use frozen lake discovered on Mars for drinking water A vast, shallow repository of ice has been discovered in a convenient... Donald Trump just backtracked on man-made climate change: 'I think there is some connectivity' Trump softens campaign rhetoric and says he has "an open mind" on... Mysterious ancient rock art unearthed in Jordan's Black Desert The inscriptions tell the story of how life flourished in the desert... Bigger penises make female fish evolve bigger brains – so they can avoid males Females appear to evolve increased cognitive ability so they can... Confident fathers reduce pre-teen kids' risk of engaging in bad behaviour A strong emotional response to baby also positively correlated with... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Special Report Iran-backed Shia militias tried to launch a charm offensive - but Isis had other ideas About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
null

null
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy Musician Ricci Martin dead at 62 I'm blown away by Alia Bhatt's work: Saiyami Kher Business Standard Google's self-driving car project executive is leaving IANS  |  New York  August 7, 2016 Last Updated at 12:30 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TGocvP Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Google self-driving car project opening Michigan tech center Google's self-driving car team beefs up auto experience Google self-driving car effort expands hiring, posts manufacturing jobs Google expands hiring for its self-driving project Google self-driving car strikes public bus in California Technology giant Google came on a backfoot when Chris Urmson, the self-driving car project's Chief Technical Officer (CTO), announced his departure. Apart from the CTO, two other key employees are reportedly also leaving, CNET.com reported on Saturday. "After leading our cars through the human equivalent of 150 years of driving and helping our project make the leap from pure research to developing a product that we hope someday anyone will be able to use, I am ready for a fresh challenge," Urmson wrote, without giving specifics about his future plans. The other key employees -- Jiajun Zhu and Dave Ferguson -- who worked on the software of the project, are also leaving. Google parent Alphabet did not respond to a request for confirmation on these departures yet, but regarding Urmson, Alphabet said he was a key member and wished him well. "Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality. He departs with our warmest wishes," the company was quoted as saying. John Krafcik, CEO of the self-driving-car project, wished Urmson well in a tweet, saying, "Chris is an incredible colleague & leader. Thank you for your passion & humility. Good luck on your new adventures!" --IANS sku/ss/vt Read More On Google's Self-driving Car Project Executive Is Leaving PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Google's self-driving car project executive is leaving Technology giant Google came on a backfoot when Chris Urmson, the self-driving car project's Chief Technical Officer (CTO), announced his departure. Technology giant Google came on a backfoot when Chris Urmson, the self-driving car project's Chief Technical Officer (CTO), announced his departure. Apart from the CTO, two other key employees are reportedly also leaving, CNET.com reported on Saturday. "After leading our cars through the human equivalent of 150 years of driving and helping our project make the leap from pure research to developing a product that we hope someday anyone will be able to use, I am ready for a fresh challenge," Urmson wrote, without giving specifics about his future plans. The other key employees -- Jiajun Zhu and Dave Ferguson -- who worked on the software of the project, are also leaving. Google parent Alphabet did not respond to a request for confirmation on these departures yet, but regarding Urmson, Alphabet said he was a key member and wished him well. "Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality. He departs with our warmest wishes," the company was quoted as saying. John Krafcik, CEO of the self-driving-car project, wished Urmson well in a tweet, saying, "Chris is an incredible colleague & leader. Thank you for your passion & humility. Good luck on your new adventures!" --IANS sku/ss/vt IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Google's self-driving car project executive is leaving Technology giant Google came on a backfoot when Chris Urmson, the self-driving car project's Chief Technical Officer (CTO), announced his departure. Apart from the CTO, two other key employees are reportedly also leaving, CNET.com reported on Saturday. "After leading our cars through the human equivalent of 150 years of driving and helping our project make the leap from pure research to developing a product that we hope someday anyone will be able to use, I am ready for a fresh challenge," Urmson wrote, without giving specifics about his future plans. The other key employees -- Jiajun Zhu and Dave Ferguson -- who worked on the software of the project, are also leaving. Google parent Alphabet did not respond to a request for confirmation on these departures yet, but regarding Urmson, Alphabet said he was a key member and wished him well. "Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality. He departs with our warmest wishes," the company was quoted as saying. John Krafcik, CEO of the self-driving-car project, wished Urmson well in a tweet, saying, "Chris is an incredible colleague & leader. Thank you for your passion & humility. Good luck on your new adventures!" --IANS sku/ss/vt IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Toggle navigation ABOUT US CONTACT US AUTHORS search Home News Latest News Startups Social Mobile Gadgets Gaming Apps Autos All Topics Reviews Smartphones Wearable Tablets/Laptops/Ultrabooks Event CES E3 Google-I/O WWDC How To Videos E3 Companies search E3 News Here’s Why Sony Didn’t Announce PlayStation Neo at E3 2016 E3 2016: Mighty No.9 Releasing Next Week E3 2016: Mighty No.9 Releasing Next Week Hajime Tabata Answers Final Fantasy XV Related Questions at E3 2016 Hajime Tabata Answers Final Fantasy XV Related Questions at E3 2016 Nier: Automata Gets New Details at E3 2016 Nier: Automata Gets New Details at E3 2016 The Division: More Gear Sets on Their Way to E3 Previous Next Google’s Autonomous Car Project’s Director Parts Ways with the Company Google’s Autonomous Car Project’s Director Parts Ways with the Company Is Google’s car project in jeopardy? By: Shazim Hashmi on Aug 7, 2016 at 4:58 am EST More articles on: Google Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Add to Flipboard Magazine. Yesterday, the director of Google’s self-driving car project, Chris Urmson, announced that he has decided to step down from his role at the company. Mr. Urmson joined the search engine giant in 2009, before the self-driving car project was public. "After leading our cars through the human equivalent of 150 years of driving and helping our project make the leap from pure research to developing a product that we hope someday anyone will be able to use, I am ready for a fresh challenge," he wrote on Medium. His last day as CTO was Friday. Mr. Urmson’s future plans are unclear at the moment. New York Times reported that two other Google car engineers, Jiajun Zhu and Dave Ferguson, have also decided to part ways with the project in order to start a new company. Former Google Car engineer, Anthony Levandowski and Google Maps product lead, Lior Ron, called it quits to form their San Francisco-based self-driving truck start-up, Otto. As Google enters a challenging phase that involves persuading regulating bodies and the auto industry to accept and promote self-driving cars, some of Google Car’s key team members have parted ways with the company. The sudden exit of valuable team members in addition to persistent threat from rivals such as Tesla has put an excessive amount of pressure on the company. Industry pundits believe that while the self-driving technology is advancing at a rapid pace, the only thing which may lag behind is the user acceptance of the transition from human-piloted vehicles. “I’ve decided the time is right to step down and find my next adventure,” said Mr. Urmsonin the blog post. “It has been a tremendous privilege and honor to be part of a team that has been at the forefront of bringing this life-saving technology to the world…I have every confidence that the mission is in capable hands.” The former CTO strongly advocated the launch of automated self-driving vehicles instead of their semi-automated counterparts that enable the drivers to take control of the vehicle. Tesla is known for incorporating semi-automation technology in its vehicles, which resulted in a car crash in Florida during the start of this year that claimed the driver’s life. Quite a few team members of Google’s self-driving vehicle project, including Mr. Urmson believe that it is not safe for the driver to take control over the vehicle after minutes of inaction.According to reports, Alphabet is currently testing a prototype vehicle that neither has a steering wheel nor a brake pedal. For many years, Mr. Urmson was considered as the man behind Google’s car project. However, late last year, John Krafcik, was brought on board as the chief executive by Alphabet. According to some reports, the former CTO was unhappy with the direction that the company’s car project had taken under Mr. Krafcik. However, Mr. Urmson expressed his satisfaction with the project’s leadership in his parting note, as he stated: “I have every confidence that the mission is in capable hands.” Editing by Asad Rizvi; Graphics by Hussain Akber Get the TNT App Shazim Hashmi on Aug 7, 2016 at 4:58 am EST STAY CONNECTED FOLLOW TNT NOW @TNT_dotcom Share on Facebook Share on Twitter comments section Disqus Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Sign Up to Receive a daily dose of tech straight to your inbox (success) SUBMIT Enter Email Address TRENDING Gaming Grand Theft Auto is Take Two Interactive’s Prized Treasure Latest Android Pay: Uber Promotions, Chase Visa Additions, Mobile Web Payments Latest How to Stream and What to Expect from Apple iPhone Event Gaming Mafia 3 to be Supported by Three “Major” Expansions and Tons of Free Stuff Gaming Acer Predator 21X: Could the Dominion of Desktop PCs be Over? Gaming Pokemon Go: Poke Ball That Actually Works Terms And Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Contact Us Copyright © 2015 Tech News Today
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content Will Extensions remain a browser selection factor? By Martin Brinkmann on August 7, 2016 in Internet - Last Update:August 7, 2016 44 How did you end up with the web browser that you are using right now to read this article? Was it installed with the device, or did you install it manually? If the latter is the case, why did you pick it, and not another browser? There are plenty of possible reasons: you like the company, the browser is fast or secure, offers better privacy, more control, more customization options, extensions that you rely on, a recommendation, or it was offered to you and you kept using it. For instance, one of the reasons why I use Firefox as my main browser is the NoScript add-on. It is only available for Firefox and no other browsers. Sure, there are comparable extensions but they don't offer the same functionality, and probably won't ever. Extension landscape is changing But the extension landscape is changing, and heading towards an extensions system that is largely compatible between browsers. All Chromium-based browsers for instance, Google Chrome Opera, Vivaldi and others, share the same extension system. While Chrome is the primary driver behind extensions, Google maintains the largest web store of Chromium-compatible extensions after all, most install just fine in other compatible browsers. As a Vivaldi user for instance, you can simply hop over to the Chrome Store, and click on the install button next to extensions to add them to the browser; and most will work just fine. Microsoft introduced the Edge browser in Windows 10, and recently extensions support for the browser. While you cannot visit the Chrome Web Store to install extensions in Edge yet, Microsoft did release the Microsoft Edge Extension Toolkit recently which turns Chrome extensions into Edge extensions nearly automatically. As far as Firefox is concerned, its add-on landscape is changing as well. Mozilla launched the first stable version of WebExtensions in Firefox 48 recently for instance. This lets Firefox users head over to the Chrome store to install Chrome extensions in Firefox. Not all Chrome extensions are compatible yet with Firefox, but compatibility will improve over the next releases of the Firefox browser. Firefox users will be able to install a large part of Chrome extensions eventually. Mozilla wants to deprecate much of the organization's old add-on system in the process. It plans to migrate add-on features to WebExtensions however giving developers access to additional functions. The future Microsoft and Mozilla focus on bringing extensions closer to Google's system. This leads to extensions becoming available for all browsers with little effort for the developer. One has to ask whether the move will remove extensions from being a browser selection factor. If all extensions you rely on are available for all browsers, there is little need to it being a factor after all. There will be differences still. Mozilla plans to make WebExtensions more powerful and if the other browser developers don't support these add-on features as well, will see add-on ports and new add-ons that won't make their way to Edge or Chrome. Some extensions may focus on browser features that the other browsers don't support. These will also be exclusive then to select browsers. The vast majority of add-ons however will become available across browsers. Closing Words The time where every web browser used its own extension system, or none at all, will be largely over soon. While some differences remain, with Mozilla probably offering extension developers more features than other companies, the bulk of extensions will be compatible across browsers. Now You: Are extensions a deciding factor for you? Summary Article Name Will Extensions remain a browser selection factor? Description With all major browser companies moving towards supporting a compatible extensions system, will extensions remain a factor when picking browsers? Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand.You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Internet > Will Extensions remain a browser selection factor? Firefox 51: SocialAPI deprecation Play thousands of classic Amiga games in a browser Responses to Will Extensions remain a browser selection factor? Klaas Vaak August 7, 2016 at 9:55 am # Interesting thought, and astute observation. 1 thing I don't agree with is that Chrome extensions in Vivaldi "most will work just fine". I have tried those extensions in Vivaldi 1st and was not impressed because the ones I need work in a clunky way in Vivaldi or not at all. In Opera the success rate is at least 95%. I don't have anything against Vivaldi, I think it's an interesting project, but Chromium extensions have a long way t go there. Reply Max August 7, 2016 at 10:12 am # Yes! That's why Pale Moon is the future - most Firefox extensions will continue to work in Pale Moon (though do read the details at https://addons.palemoon.org/resources/incompatible/). Hopefully the Firefox extension deprecation will prompt those extensions authors not currently supporting Pale Moon will switch to doing so, rather than seeing their work trashed. Reply Antonio August 7, 2016 at 5:00 pm # Today current FF addons work in PaleMoon. Tomorrow past FF addons will work in PaleMoon. Palemoon is and will be the past. FF addons working in PaleMoon are and will be the past. Reply Liv August 7, 2016 at 10:22 pm # The fact that Firefox extensions work in Pale Moon is only due to the fact that Pale Moon 26.x and Firefox still share alot of code, but with Pale Moon 27 you are going to start to see Pale Moon and Firefox begin to separate and go in opposite directions. I disagree with the "Pale Moon is and will be in the past" I feel that Pale Moon values it's community far more than Firefox does anymore. Antonio August 8, 2016 at 6:52 am # How large is the PaleMoon community compared to the Firefox One? How many developpers are willing to realize an addon to be used by a zero comma blabla percent of internet users? To be successful a browser has to anticipate the future and take some courageous (although uncertain) choices. To accompany, no, better, to drive its user base to the future. PaleMoon values its community holding it in the the past of well known platforms which have already seen their day. Max August 7, 2016 at 10:14 am # ...and NoScript also works in Pale Moon, not just Firefox... Reply pg5 August 7, 2016 at 11:28 am # In my case, yes. Chrome doesn't offer an extension that protects and lock a tab. For this, I need to continue using firefox. Reply Pants August 8, 2016 at 9:07 am # What extension is that? Does it use a temp/preset password? Does it hide the tab contents? Am interested - might be handy for clients Reply Ken Saunders August 12, 2016 at 4:54 am # pg5 "an extension that protects and lock a tab" Pants "What extension is that?" Tab Mix Plus was the first to offer it but there are a few others with similar features including Tab Utilities and Tabloc. From http://tabmixplus.org/support/viewtopic.php?t=3 > Events - New Tabs > Protected Locked and Frozen Tabs Protected tab A tab that is prevented from closing. You can load other sites in the tab and browse to other URLs in that tab. Notice that the close button is missing, so you cannot close the tab. If you try to close Firefox®, you will get a warning message about closing a protected tab. Locked tab A tab that is prevented from navigating to another page or URL. Your tab is locked on the current page or URL. Nothing new can load in the tab, but you can refresh the same page. All links will open in a new tab (link, history, bookmark, etc.). Notice that the close button is available, so you can close a locked tab. Frozen tab A tab that is both locked and protected. It will not close and nothing new can be loaded in it. You will not be able to navigate away from the current page. All links will open in a new tab (link, history, bookmark, etc.) Notice that the close button is missing, so you cannot close the tab. If you try to close Firefox®, you will get a warning message about closing a protected tab. A41202813GMAIL August 10, 2016 at 2:46 pm # Try This CHROME Extension ID: HNEIKEGKJMCHOAGHAAHEFKHECIFDIBPK Cheers. Reply yapadkoi August 7, 2016 at 11:58 am # "For instance, one of the reasons why I use Firefox as my main browser is the NoScript add-on" Same for me, even if use Pale Moon, NoScript is the only reason why i still keep an eye on Ghacks to maintain Firefox Portable the most clean (recent and functional) as possible, using the user.js by Pants and some other tricks found on other places to keep some old add-ons working. NoScript probably will not be maintened for Pale Moon... I really hope for this reason not to be forced one day, as main and installed browser, to return to Firefox. Reply Jeff August 7, 2016 at 12:29 pm # Is there any technical reason why Mozilla wants to deprecate their old addon system or just because they have added WebExtensions? That seems like a stupid move to me. Reply Martin Brinkmann August 7, 2016 at 12:36 pm # The usual: maintenance, security, issues. Reply Moloch August 7, 2016 at 12:45 pm # Used to use PaleMoon for a long time, but no MSE support killed it for me. Using Waterfox now instead, havent looked back. I might be wrong but wasnt the reason many of the firefox addons dont have an equivalent on Chrome because of the limited API? Tried Chrome but the lack of customization and the amount of addons i would have to miss made me stick with Waterfox. Reply firefox August 7, 2016 at 5:03 pm # That's why the article said 'Firefox want to make the Web Extensions more powerful". So I think Firefox dev will open API which is not in other browser. The addon dev will only need to change the code a little for the additional feature I assume. If they don't that, Firefox with the XUL system removed will be just another Chrome's clone. Reply Ron August 7, 2016 at 6:23 pm # [Quote] Used to use PaleMoon for a long time, but no MSE support killed it for me.[end] MSE support is coming in Pale Moon version 27. It's in alpha stage right now. Reply Liv August 7, 2016 at 10:15 pm # I am currently using Pale Moon 27.0 Alpha 2 and have no MSE support, I hope to one day. Andy August 8, 2016 at 5:31 pm # Firefox now has an officially-supported 64-bit stable channel. Wasn't that the only reason to use Waterfox in the first place? If so, why are you still using it? Reply vux777 August 7, 2016 at 1:21 pm # how to install " Microsoft Edge Extension Toolkit"? no install button or any kind of... Reply Guest August 7, 2016 at 10:48 pm # You need Windows 10 Anniversary Update. Reply vux777 August 8, 2016 at 8:38 am # I have it Antonio August 7, 2016 at 5:04 pm # Addons in general and tab management addons in particular are the reasons I stay with FF. And there are no alternatives. For any user having many tabs opened, Chrome and IE are pure shit. Reply firefox August 7, 2016 at 5:05 pm # @Martin I'm encountering strange thing. When I open the article http://www.ghacks.net/2016/08/06/firefox-51-socialapi-parts-removal/ I got the mobile version. I repeatedly clicked desktop version but still get the mobile version. It's not only that article, I encountered one or two before but they did not 'persist' in mobile version Reply Martin Brinkmann August 7, 2016 at 9:45 pm # That's really strange. Did you force a reload or do a normal reload? Reply Dresandreal Sprinklehorn August 7, 2016 at 5:18 pm # Firefox has better extensions. But Chrome is my default browser because of speed and stability. If Chrome could use Ant Video Downloader and Tabmix Plus I'd never use slow ass Firefox again. Reply A or B, not C. August 7, 2016 at 5:44 pm # I hv to use the Chromium-based Flashpeak Slimjet browser for 32bit Linux Mint 17.3 to watch DRM-protected videos, eg at subscription-based video-streaming websites like Netflix. .......Google Chrome has DRM-decoding but only supports 64bit Linux since March 2016, besides supporting the more popular Windows n Macs. Firefox for Linux cannot stream such videos, only Firefox for Windows/Macs can. . For web-surfing, Slimjet may even be better than Google Chrome. Firefox tends to crash more than Chrome. Reply Capt. Smith August 7, 2016 at 6:36 pm # Many people ask about the path take n by Firefox/Mozilla and Herr Brinkmann answers doesn't satisfy me at all. When most people think about firefox, they refer to: Mozilla Firefox - http://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new But there's more that meets the eye, as: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/foundation/moco/ "The Mozilla Corporation was established in August 2005 as a wholly owned taxable subsidiary that serves the non-profit, public benefit goals of its parent, the Mozilla Foundation, and the vast Mozilla community." That's when the Firefox community was hijacked. Mozilla Corp. Estimated Value is $4 billion. The Community is dead, short life to the CORPORATION !! Reply ilev August 7, 2016 at 7:34 pm # What's that "hamburger" icon up right ? My Chrome has a "No Entry" icon. :-) Reply Vrai August 7, 2016 at 7:49 pm # Extensibility is the determining factor when selecting which browser I use. That is why I use Firefox almost exclusively. The No-Script extension is a "must have". Customizability is also a determining factor. Is there anything more annoying than to have to use Internet Explorer on a fresh install of Windows in order to get the Firefox download? Reply George August 11, 2016 at 1:45 pm # About your IE nuisance: use Patch My PC instead for that, and much more. Reply Bobby Phoenix August 7, 2016 at 8:39 pm # I use Chrome more for the ease of use out of the box, and the easy sync with all my devices (most Android). The extension system is also better for me compared to Firefox for the main simple reason they update in the background. I still have Firefox tell me I need to restart to finish updating extensions. It's so annoying. Reply George August 7, 2016 at 8:50 pm # Yes, extensions are very important for me, as well as user privacy. That's why I'm using what I believe is the best available combination for both: Pale Moon (and Firefox in the past). Chrome will never be an option however, even if its extension-ecosystem surpasses Firefox/Pale Moon's. Reply Earl August 7, 2016 at 10:23 pm # Firefox began as just a browser--simple and effective (bare-bones, really), and that's why I started using it. As more and more extensions were created for it, it became almost an application platform--a user environment created by the user, for the user (each user being different). Then Mozilla said FU to all of us long-time Firefox users who actually used the hell out of Firefox features. So we've left for other pastures. (Actually, I've left Windows for another platform and Firefox doesn't play here, so I'm using Chrome. The available extensions have little to do with it, though Stylish works and that's as close to essential as it gets for me.) Reply NeverM$ August 7, 2016 at 10:47 pm # Opera because everything else was dumbed down. Vivaldi now because Opera too was dumbed down. Reply Tony August 8, 2016 at 1:21 am # Hopefully Mozilla will make WebExtensions much more powerful that what is found in Google Chrome. Either that, or maybe just keep XUL. After all, they haven't even announced a deprecation date for XUL, so that could be years away or never happen. Remember, it took them years to release other major technologies, like e10s, and that's still not mainstream. XUL could potentially be available to developers and users for a very long time. Reply b August 8, 2016 at 10:22 am # firefox because of the wide range of add- ons and privacy features. palemoon for similar reasons plus ethics. unfortunately with fewer add- ons but that might change little by little in the future. I really miss "No Resource URL-Leak" though and I can't make "Privacy Badger" work properly: the icon wont show at the menu bar. anybody got a solution? also, within the last couple of days, Privacy Badger started acting weird in FF as well: claims no tracker cookies to be found no matter what site I visit. anybody with the same experience? Reply T J August 8, 2016 at 11:10 am # I use Cyberfox for user.js settings and grease monkey. "No Resource URL-Leak" works fine in Cyberfox 48. The icon does not show in the menu bar but is accessible in "Tools" "Addons" Chome is my secondary browser because it is too nosy and leaks information Reply Joker August 8, 2016 at 12:35 pm # Without some Firefox-only addons, there is no reason for me to use Firefox at all. If they stop working, either by lack of updates of Mozilla abandoning their powerful addon-system, the only rational move is to switch to Chrome. Reply Doc August 8, 2016 at 4:44 pm # I tried Chrome (around version 28-30) and found its extensions weak; I fired it up last week (I occasionally use it to check cross-browser CSS compatibility with sites I design), and it's still weak; it takes 2 extensions to load a digital clock (hours and minutes) where one extension (SimpleClocks) in Firefox adds "Mon, Aug 8, 10:42 AM" - Chrome only allows a square toolbar button! Another indispensable addon is DownThemAll! - multi-threaded downloads (which, in the past, required buying GetRight). If Mozilla decides that "Chrome-type addons" is the future, my future will be Cyberfox or Pale Moon. Not going to use Edge, not going to give up customization. Reply vosie August 9, 2016 at 8:10 am # Classic Theme Restorer and Classic Toolbar Buttons are essential extensions. Besides Firefox, no other browsers will ever have addons like these. Reply George August 9, 2016 at 10:53 am # That's because no other browser needs to have their main UI patched by extensions, completely replaced and restored to its previous, sane status as a workaround... Reply vosie August 9, 2016 at 3:58 pm # All browsers have minimalistic, dumbed down UI, so all of them need to have their UI to be fixed, but only Firefox has the capability to do it. Plus, I use about 20 extensions in Firefox and proper settings to get the world's best possible user / browsing experinece. And it's possible ony with Firefox. Charlie August 9, 2016 at 2:21 pm # I use current IE11, Edge, Firefox & Chrome. I'm on a 64bit desktop using the W10 Anniversary edition, btw. It is frequent that a web page that does not render correctly in one browser does work fine in a different browser. I get frequent "pauses/freezes" in both MS browsers where everything in the browser just freezes solid for a couple of seconds at a time. IE11 blows out at least daily with that pop-up message that many others have complained about. In at least one of the browsers (not IE or Edge), Privacy Badger & uBlock Origin seem to not get along well with each other on certain web pages. I've searched for solutions to the various problems but no joy. I use very few extensions and seldom have open more than 2-3 tabs. These days I just try another browser to get around whatever is failing at the moment. Reply kubrick. August 10, 2016 at 12:09 pm # I tried chrome very briefly and installed an extension and was amazed to be confronted by so much adware..its shocking and i removed chrome as i genuinely saw nothing in it which i couldnt get from pale moon my now default browser for many months. Chrome is rubbish. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Subscribe / Connect   Ghacks Technology Newsletter   Ghacks Daily Newsletter Advertisement Popular Microsoft removes policies from Windows 10 Pro July 28, 2016 Cumulative Windows 10 Update KB3194496 installation issues September 30, 2016 Disable the Windows 10 Lock Screen (Anniversary Update) August 5, 2016 The State of Mozilla Firefox September 4, 2016 You will use Cortana, Microsoft says July 26, 2016 Advertisement Random Software Review FileZilla Secure encrypt FTP login details Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Advertisement Latest Microsoft Edge on Android and iOS? November 23, 2016 Pale Moon profile backup tool November 23, 2016 4K Netflix in Browser? Only with Microsoft Edge November 23, 2016 Pale Moon 27.0 is out November 23, 2016 Ghacks Deals: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle (Pay What You Want) November 22, 2016 Popular Deals Sticky Password Premium Lifetime 80% off PureVPN Lifetime 85% off Zoolz 1TB Storage Lifetime 98% off Microsoft MCSE Server Admin Certification Training 97% off About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing © 2016 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved. We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkRead more
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 73,476 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom 37,590 Key adviser claims Elton John will play at Trump's inauguration 34,922 'I hope it's not my fault': School bus driver to mom after fatal crash 30,045 This unlikely place may be where WWIII starts 29,635 Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' 26,204 Why Trump isn't pursuing charges against Hillary Clinton Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Scientists want to create Google Maps for the world’s oceans By David K. Li View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) August 7, 2016 | 1:48am Modal Trigger Photo: Shutterstock Scientists want to map the planet’s vast, unknown ocean floor. Using sonar aboard ships, unmanned submarines and other vessels, ambitious researchers hope to build over the next 14 years a Google Maps-style guide to mountains, valleys and volcanoes deep underwater, the Sunday Times of London reported. The project — with 150 oceanographers already on board — aims to complete a worldwide seabed map by 2030. It’s being overseen by the UN-backed General Bathymetric Chart of the Oceans (Gebco), with help from Google. “Sea mountains are very common,” Professor Julian Dowdeswell of Cambridge University in the UK and a researcher in this mapping project, told the Sunday Times. Researchers said this is more than just an academic exercise, as submarine captains could make great use of this potential information. In 2005, a nuclear sub, the USS San Francisco, struck an underwater mountain not on any charts 525 feet under the Pacific. The crash killed one crew member and injured 97. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under google maps ,  maps ,  science Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Top cop group: Clinton should be seeking our endorsement Read Next Top cop group: Clinton should be seeking our endorsement Most Popular This Week 1 Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' 2 Melania and Barron Trump won’t be moving to the White House 3 College kids are proving Trump's point 4 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 5 Trump may not be able to work in the Oval Office for over a year 6 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom Share Selection Trending Now in News 72,953 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom 36,335 Key adviser claims Elton John will play at Trump's inauguration 35,131 'I hope it's not my fault': School bus driver to mom after fatal crash Now On Swizz Beatz latest celeb caught up in Malaysian embezzlement scandal Jeff Bridges slashes mansion asking price by $5M Mariah Carey: James Packer split happened for a reason SEE ALL Now On Michael Che Agrees That ‘SNL’s Coverage Of Donald Trump Was “One-Sided” SEE ALL Most Popular This Week Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' Melania and Barron Trump won’t be moving to the White... College kids are proving Trump's point Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? Trump may not be able to work in the Oval... More Stories pagesix J.Law worries her privates will turn into 'wet sponges' Now On Decider Jon Stewart Calls Liberals Hypocrites For Saying Trump Voters Are Racist nypost Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Help using this website - Accessibility statement afr Search afr AFR News More Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports RBA Interview Series Business More Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business More Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets More Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate More Commercial Residential Opinion More Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Technology More Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance More Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs More Portfolio Management Leadership More Management Careers Innovation Entrepreneur Workplace BRW Lists Lifestyle More Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars Bikes & Boats Health Home Design All More News Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports Rear Window Business Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate Commercial Residential Domain Prestige Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Technology Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs Leadership Management Careers Company Culture Innovation Entrepreneur BRW Lists Lifestyle Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars, Bikes & Boats Health Home Design The Australian Financial Review Magazine Luxury The Sophisticated Traveller My Saved Articles (0) Done Select All Remove News My Saved Searches 0 Done Select all Delete Home Technology For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Aug 7 2016 at 1:04 PM Updated Aug 7 2016 at 1:04 PM Save article Print The Western caricature of Chinese internet firms needs a reboot Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit Baidu co-founder Robin Li is one of those leading the way in China’s technology developments Getty Images Google left. Facebook is blocked. Amazon is struggling to make headway. And if further proof were needed that China's tech market is a world apart, last week seemed to provide conclusive evidence. Uber, a ride­hailing service that is the world's most valuable start-up, decided to sell its local unit to Didi Chuxing, a Chinese rival. Its China dream, like those of so many before, is dead. For many, the lessons of this latest capitulation are clear. China is a sort of technological Galapagos island, a distinct and isolated environment in which local firms flourish. Chinese firms are protected from external competition by government regulation and the Great Firewall. And that protection means that they need not innovate but can thrive by copying business models developed in the West. In short, China is closed, its firms are cosseted and their talent is for mimicry. At first sight, Uber's retreat appears to fit this damning profile. The start-up has ceded China to Didi: it will concentrate on its home market and elsewhere. Uber's surrender was caused partly by regulations, issued at the end of July by the Chinese authorities, that in effect outlawed subsidies – Uber spent $1 billion a year in incentives to Chinese drivers and riders. Now Didi, whose forerunner firms were founded in 2012, three years after Uber introduced ride­hailing, can make hay. But look more closely and a more positive picture emerges –​ not just of Didi, but of China's technology firms as a whole. Getting the message The usual story about the isolated nature of the Chinese market is that foreign firms are either blocked altogether or hobbled by regulators. The government has indeed restricted competition in some areas,​ which is why China has sub-par clones of Western firms, such as Baidu in search or Renren, an ailing knock­off of Facebook. But China is not as impenetrable as its critics suggest. WhatsApp, the world's most popular messaging app, which is owned by Facebook, is freely available in China; yet it is dwarfed by WeChat, China's leading app (which has also fought off Alibaba, a formidable local internet giant). China is the largest market for Apple's iPhone. And Uber made a valiant effort to establish itself in China, the world's largest ride­hailing market: a 17.7 per cent stake in Didi is not a bad consolation prize. Nor are Chinese tech giants walling themselves off from the rest of the world. They have invested in American start-ups, including Snapchat and Lyft, and bought mobile ­gaming firms like Supercell of Finland and Playtika of Israel. Related Quotes 5 years 1 Day Last updated: Updating... Last updated: Updating... View full quote Company Profile ASX Announcements Expand ASX Announcements View all announcements Being present in the Chinese market is all very well, comes the retort, but not if you are stopped from winning. That gives too little credit to China's tech leaders. Ride­hailing, like many online businesses, is a cut­throat, winner-­takes­-all market: Didi itself is the product of a 2015 merger of two local firms. Uber was outcompeted. Globally, Uber arranged its billionth ride at the end of 2015, after five years in business; Didi arranged 1.4 billion rides in 2015 alone, just in China. Uber struggled to raise its market share in China above 10 per cent. Didi understood the local culture, integrated better with social­media platforms and got taxi drivers onside by incorporating them into its app from the beginning. In outlawing subsidies, the regulators called time on a fight the American firm had already lost. Similarly, whatever the settings of the Great Firewall, there is nothing outside China that offers WeChat's combination of features. It has over 700 million monthly users, and combines messaging, voice calls, browsing, gaming and payments. It can be used for everything from paying parking tickets to booking a hospital appointment, ordering food or paying for a cup of coffee. WeChat is not so much an app as an entire mobile operating system, and accounts for more than one-­third of all time spent online by Chinese mobile users. HSBC values the app at more than $US80 billion. To Chinese users, Western apps look hopelessly backward. WeChat is the best riposte to the condescending, widely held belief that Chinese internet firms are merely imitators of Western ones, and cannot innovate themselves. But it is not the only example. Alibaba kick­started Chinese e­commerce with the clever trick of holding payments in escrow, helping buyers and sellers establish trust. It now offers services that exploit its vast customer database, including credit­scoring, digital marketing, and vetting visa applicants and users of dating sites. Didi's ride­hailing app includes novel features such as on-­demand bus services and the option to request a test­ drive of a new car. Sina Weibo, the Chinese equivalent of Twitter, has a built-­in payments system and supports premium content, both features that Twitter lacks. With revenue from payments, virtual goods and gaming, Chinese internet firms are also much less dependent on online ads than Western rivals. As a result, the flow of ideas between China and the West is now two­-way. Facebook's efforts to incorporate payments and commerce into its Messenger app are inspired by WeChat, as is Snapchat's expansion from a messaging app into a media portal, and the sudden enthusiasm of Google, Facebook and Microsoft for bots (smart software that chats with customers). Western consumers are having their experience of the mobile internet shaped by a Chinese success story. Companies that want a glimpse of the future of mobile commerce should look not just to Silicon Valley but also to the other side of the Pacific. Digital dragons Policymakers should study China, too. No other place will reveal more about the advantages and drawbacks of winner-­takes-­all digital markets. As WeChat shows, a single dominant app, particularly with a payments system included, is amazingly convenient for users. But monopolies can also spell danger. Now that Didi has a 90 per cent market share and no serious rivals to speak of, riders can expect to pay more and drivers to be paid less. How to strike the balance between convenience and dominance is the great question for regulators in the digital age. One lesson is already clear: compared with Renren and Baidu, Didi and WeChat were strengthened by fierce rivalries. If China's tech trailblazers aim to become truly global champions, then competition is their friend. Watch closely, world. Economist Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit Advertisement Advertisement Related articles Banks should be pushed on data ELMO Talent Management hires Blackpeak Capital to consider IPO Touching the void Tech startups to get $560m government boost VC behind Vocation in bid for firms to stay private longer Latest Stories What you need to know about new super rules Westpac gets another shot at Australia's biggest banking contract Don't forget about BHP in Anglo coal sale Advertisement Luxury gifts with the Midas touch Fashion to make you bloom for summer The best 20 wines of 2016 Cartier takes a shine to Australian market Rare diamonds in a remote place Where the business crowd meets in Paris Why women shouldn't be called 'guys' Why you should start charging for your data Bloomberg, Goldman, which would you work for? How Ahmed Fahour delivers innovation Collins Street oil painting of 1887 breaks artist's record Build resilience and become the custodian of calm Hong Kong hotel evokes Nordic mists Tour the outback in R.M.Williams' footsteps How accepting a stranger's invitation paid off Special Reports Small businesses adapting to lower $A Judging how low the yen can go Trading the DAX and euro Fallout from Trump limited so far Airwallex chipping away at major players © Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Ltd Privacy Terms & Conditions of Use Contact Us FAQ Experience afr.com free for 1 month Enjoy unlimited access to Australia's best business news and market insights across desktop, tablet and mobile Find out more Already a subscriber? Log in Close You have left for this month. For unlimited access upgrade to Premium Digital Find out more Close
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, November 24, 2016 12:29 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets ‘Pokemon Go’ mania sweeps Singapore by Gwendolyn Lee Sunday August 7, 2016 09:21 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Man United to extend Ibrahimovic deal by one year, says Mourinho The Edit: Six things about Barron, the youngest Trump kid Khairy: Harimau Malaysia’s fate in Suzuki Cup for Cabinet to decide Perak Health Dept: Malaria on the rise in Gerik’s Orang Asli settlement Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A young woman plays the augmented reality mobile game 'Pokemon Go' by Nintendo at Puerta del Sol square in Madrid, Spain July 28, 2016. — Reuters picSINGAPORE, Aug 7 — Try to not drop your phone in excitement — Pokemon Go is finally available here. Already, we’ve spotted Pokemon Master wannabes lurking around the carpark at Bedok Corner Food Centre this morning who tell us excitedly there are Pokemons here. The free-to-play augmented reality mobile game has become a global phenomenon since it was released in Australia, New Zealand and the United States on July 5. For the uninitiated, Pokemon Go is a mobile game jointly created in collaboration by The Pokemon Company, developer Niantic Labs and Japanese gaming company Nintendo. Phenomenal global success Since its release, people around the world — including Singapore — have been waiting with bated breath for the game to be released globally. Some Singaporeans have gone as far as to bypass geo-locks to download it. Multiple Facebook groups for Singaporean Pokemon Go fans have also been created prior to the launch. “I managed to download the game before it was officially released here,” said Syukri Anwar, 22, a civil servant, “I didn’t play it for long because there were just too many limitations to really experience the Pokemon Go world in full. Now that it’s here, I’m taking a week’s leave to play it,” he added. “I watched the cartoon when I was younger and played all the different versions of Pokemon on the various consoles. It’s exciting to be able to now try this new, modern way of experiencing the Pokemon universe,” said freelance videographer Corina Oh, 24. Security bugs As much as Pokemon Go has been a success so far, there have been many concerns on safety and security. The mobile game was used by four youths from Missouri, USA, to lure almost a dozen players into a secluded spot, where they were then robbed. There have also been a rash of car accidents caused by either a driver or pedestrian playing Pokemon Go. Personal data security also came into question when iOS users, along with a handful of Android users, discovered that downloading and playing the game meant giving it full access to the player’s Google account, including emails and private documents. Niantic has since issued a statement that was published on technology website Engadget, stating, “Pokemon Go only accesses basic Google profile information (specifically, your User ID and email address) and no other Google account information is or has been accessed or collected. Once we became aware of this error, we began working on a client-side fix to request permission for only basic Google profile information, in line with the data that we actually access.” How to play Pokemon Go has a fairly simple interface. Once you’ve chosen and customised your avatar, you’ll be directed by Professor Willow, a Pokemon researcher to catch your first Pokemon. After you’re done with the tutorial, the Pokemon Go landscape transforms into a 360° map of the area, showing you the various Pokestops — spots where you can get supplies like Pokeballs — and Pokemon Gyms in the area. A small tab on the bottom right-hand corner of the screen will also show you what Pokemon are nearby, though those aren’t shown on the map. As many users in countries the game first have pointed out, the proximity of available Pokemon were previously indicated with stars in the tab, but that feature has since been removed. The game is also easy-to-navigate — familiarising with the gameplay will take little to no time. The hardest part? All the walking that you’d have to do to get to Pokemon, Pokestops and Pokemon Gyms. With the game finally in Singapore, don’t be surprised to see strangers with phones poking around your neighbourhood this weekend in search of, what else? Pokemon Go is now available on the Apple App Store and Google Play. — TODAY                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week How Apple lost China to two unknown local smartphone makers Facebook reportedly built a censorship tool for China (VIDEO) Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Facebook in crosshairs as fake news battle heats up Twitter boss briefly suspended from his own network Facebook in crosshairs as fake news battle heats up Apple issues recall on September, October 2015 iPhone 6S Three Star Wars drones to land before Christmas (VIDEO) Facebook fake news writer on how he possibly influenced the US election Zuckerberg says he’ll take steps to solve Facebook fake news Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: China goes global as Trump puts America first Reuters Video: Antigua PM gives Prince Harry awkward honeymoon invite Kids and parents react to 'Beauty and the Beast' MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Red Shirts heckle yellow-shirted Bersih participants MMOTV: A Red Shirts supporter hurls abuse at Bersih supporters Related Articles Chinese-made US$100b city in Johor ‘scares the hell out of everybody’ Singapore sovereign wealth fund GIC names Lim Chow Kiat CEO Singaporean dies of heart attack during Spartan Race Take a walk in space at Singapore’s ArtScience Museum Where hipster parents hang out for great grub in Singapore Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Living All Living Joe Wicks Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Travel Money Health Sex Fashion and beauty Food Horoscopes Puzzles Mrs Crunch Feline sexy Behind the scenes of the female porn revolution – and how it’s changing women’s sex lives A third of women watch erotic movies - and they're just the ones who admit it. We investigate what women get out of them Revealed By Corinne Redfern 7th August 2016, 12:12 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments NINE o’clock, Thursday night: Vanessa Sharp is home alone, feeling antsy and bored. Twitter isn’t providing much entertainment, but it’s too early to sleep. Getty Images 10 Research shows 33% of women watch porn Wandering into her bedroom, she picks up her laptop and opens Google. “Feminist porn,” she types in. “I first came across porn when I was about 14,” the 32 year old recalls. “I was looking for my birthday presents when I found an unlocked box I’d never seen before filled with a stash of X-rated magazines. In retrospect it was very cheesy, but I remember being fascinated all the same.” Since then, Vanessa has gone through phases of watching porn. At one point it was once a day, nowadays it’s more like once a month. 10 Vanessa, 32, has realised watching porn is nothing to be embarrassed about “I started enjoying it when I left home for university and had my first laptop with an internet connection,” she explains. “I’m glad I live alone these days so nobody can hear me from another part of the house.” For all the stereotypes of horny men with secretly stashed Pornhub passwords and deleted browser histories, porn isn’t actually as gender-segregated as cliché would suggest. Research shows that 33% of UK women watch X-rated films, with 66% viewing it on their smartphones. And the majority of female fans watch porn once every few days. Feminist film directors such as Pandora Blake, 32, in the UK and Erika Lust, 38, in Barcelona, are providing a different narrative, where female pleasure is just as important as that of any man, and women are behind the camera. Getty Images 10 Research shows the majority of women who watch porn tune in once every few days There’s even a Feminist Porn Awards ceremony celebrating those who have made the biggest impact on diversifying the industry. “I call my porn ‘feminist’ because I give equal focus to female and male pleasure,” explains Pandora. “I have viewers of all genders. As with all feminism, it’s about equality. My main concern is that performers are treated well and the women are represented respectfully, and I think that these days a lot of people appreciate that.” According to psychologist and sex therapist Lorraine McGinlay, the rise in women watching porn is down to two different factors. “It’s half to do with the increase in smartphones – which have made internet usage incredibly private and give you access to all kinds of amazing apps and sites for women and men – and half down to the adaptation of Fifty Shades of Grey for the big screen,” says Lorraine. 10 Pandora Blake, 32, is a feminist film director who makes films where female pleasure is equally important as male “Of course, women watched porn before that film, but I’ve noticed a huge rise in women talking about their fantasies since Fifty Shades. Whatever you think of the franchise, it’s made it more acceptable for women to be open about their sexual impulses.” With ease of access, anything goes. One study by Pornhub reveals “ebony” (interracial sex) is the most searched for fantasy by women in England, while in Wales, 18+ “teen” is the order of the day. Or night. Women living in the UK are 33% more likely to search for “bondage” than anywhere else in the world, and on average we’ll spend 10 minutes 43 seconds watching videos, proving that we’re not just clicking on and off out of passive curiosity. But despite a growing female interest, mainstream pornography stubbornly continues to prioritise male pleasure. In December 2014, porn scenes featuring female ejaculation on camera were banned in the UK in an amendment to the 2003 Communications Act, while the male equivalent continues to feature heavily. Getty Images 10 Psychologist and sex therapist Lorraine McGinlay thinks smartphones and the Fifty Shades effect are behind the rise in female porn viewers No surprise, then, that women within the industry are determined to transform pornography from the inside out. In fact, while women only directed 7% of the top 250 Hollywood films in 2014, feature filmmaker-turned-pornographer Monica Stambrini reckons the ratio is already much higher in the porn business because of the start-up nature of it, which means anyone can make it if they feel inclined. Even the actress Susan Sarandon wants to join their number. “I have threatened in my 80s to direct porn,” said the 69 year old at Cannes Film Festival this year, adding that she wants to get involved because “most pornography is brutal and doesn’t look pleasurable → from a female point of view.” Monica can relate to Susan’s approach – after all, she recently made a similar transition. Based in Rome, she formed a collective called La Ragazze Del Porno (The Porn Girls) with 10 other mainstream female filmmakers aged 25 to 75. 10 Feature filmaker-turned-pornographer Monica Stambrini established a project to transform the way porn caters to women Together, they embarked on a project to transform the way porn caters to women, each directing a 12-minute-long, XXX-rated movie in which female pleasure was the focal point. “We wanted to shake things up,” says Monica, adding that the films have been hugely successful across the world and have been downloaded in the UK and America. “I knew women were making porn and I knew women were watching porn, but I felt like the two were disconnected. Female directors were still working for men, and I wanted to change that. The way we were talking about women on a societal level felt very outdated, too – it was like women were still seen as objects to be used by men however they please. “I wasn’t worried about the impact it could have upon my career, as I believed in what I was doing. Women were being made to feel ashamed of watching porn, while men were not. And that’s simply not right.” Pandora agrees that context is important. RELATED STORIES ADDICTED TO CARTOON PORN Woman, 23, feels she can't have a real relationship as ‘human sex repulses her’ 'I thought it was a diseased finger' Women reveal what they thought when they saw an erect penis for the first time 'It's absolutely scandalous' Shocking craze sees women 'catfighting' in their underwear for £300 a night LADYBOYS AND GO-GO GIRLS FACE AXE Inside the seedy world of Thailand’s infamous brothels and sex bars as it faces the axe in crackdown Sex warning This is the shocking effect aggression in porn is having on young people romping to victory Brexit was more popular than PORN, shock stats suggest 10 Pandora always makes it clear in her films that the performers are consenting – even if they briefly pretend not to “Whenever I’m behind the camera, I try to make an effort to be clear to the viewers that porn is a fantasy that exists within its own little bubble – it’s not real life,” she says. “I always shoot interviews with the performers before and after filming a scene and post that online, too, so that I can make it clear that everybody is consenting, even if they briefly pretend not to. Behind-the-scenes footage is also a good way to communicate the reality of what happens on set. “I love performing in porn – it’s definitely the most fun part of my job – but that’s also partly because I know that I’m in control. I think it’s important that viewers know that.” For Vanessa, the suspension of disbelief is what attracts her to porn. “It’s an outlet for the fantasies I have that I don’t always want to share with people, either because they’re embarrassing or wouldn’t work in the dynamics of my relationship,” she says. “For example, I’m interested in threesomes, but I find them really boring in real life – I’ve yet to have a good one because of the amount of micro-managing that needs to go on to make them fun for everyone. But when I watch porn, I can see a bunch of people having fun, and I can use it to spark my imagination without having to worry about the real-life logistics. 10 Pandora thinks it’s important for viewers to understand that porn is a fantasy world, not real life “Still, I used to feel very ashamed of it, because I was brought up in a society that teaches us women are objects to be lusted over and shouldn’t be allowed to do any of the lusting themselves,” she adds. As she’s got older, Vanessa has realised that watching porn is nothing to feel embarrassed about. “These days, I’m more open to exploring new types of porn, such as group sex,” she says. “I don’t watch it with my boyfriend, because for me, masturbating and porn are things that I enjoy alone, in private. I wouldn’t fart or clip my toenails when he was with me, and while those are necessary and natural too, I’d much rather do them alone.” Charlie Marchant, a 24 year old from Watford, regularly watches ethical porn with her boyfriend as part of foreplay. “I first saw it when I was at uni,” she says. 10 Charlie Merchant, 24, watches ethical porn with her boyfriend as a part of forplay “My boyfriend at the time asked if I’d watch a movie with him and I agreed, although I remember feeling apprehensive in case it was too staged. Since then, I’ve made an effort to educate myself about the industry, and I watch porn about once a week, pretty much always with my boyfriend. “I think older generations weren’t as liberal as our generation is now, which feeds into the negative perception a lot of people have about porn. I’ve never been made to feel ashamed of watching it, but that might be because I only talk about it with people I trust. “In a lot of porn you just see a man off-screen – usually only his penis is in shot – while there’s a full view of the woman and all her bits,” she adds. “It feels as though the man is disembodied and the woman is just there to take what is given. In the feminist porn that I’ve watched, both the man and woman tend to be on-screen and both people’s pleasure is taken into account. “I don’t like films where stars seem to be treated badly or humiliated. I’d rather know the men and women have chosen to participate, that they’re being treated well and that they feel empowered in the porn they’re making.” 10 Charlie prefers feminist porn because it values both people’s pleasure and it’s clear the performers feel empowered, not humiliated However, while there’s clearly a need for more diverse portrayals of women on screen, sex therapist Lorraine warns it can also be damaging to suggest women should prefer a certain type of “female-friendly” porn – such as a romantic, heterosexual encounter – more than any other kind. “Society definitely conditions us to feel ashamed of being sexual,” she explains. “Plus, when you’re aware of the extent of sexual assault and domestic abuse that exists in the real world, it’s not surprising if some women experience guilt about enjoying non-consent or power-play fantasies, too. But that doesn’t mean there’s anything wrong with those fantasies. “It’s only something to be concerned about if you are thinking of acting upon it in a way that could put you or another person in danger. If you are sitting at home and you know that everyone involved is consenting to the act that you’re watching, then it doesn’t matter if your friends are turned on by the same thing or not. “It’s about making you feel good – and women deserve to feel that just as much as men.” Topics Feminism Porn Sex industry Women Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Living WTF what a corker Remember Big Brother's Kinga, and THAT wine bottle? You won't believe what she looks like now Living festive frenzy The McDonald's Christmas 2016 menu includes a McFlurry you won't want to miss Living youboob Pregnant mum accused of 'incest' for sharing videos of her breastfeeding her two young sons to millions of fans on… Living Bah Humbug McDonald's have sneakily left the Festive Pie off its Christmas menu and people aren't happy Living ‘He called me a fat piece of garbage’ Obese mum gets revenge on cruel ex... by losing 10 STONE and finding love Living Forget the Christmas turkey! Aldi's Wagyu beef burgers are back in stock for a limited time and cost just £3.29 Living SEVEN YEAR ITCH What being in a long-term relationship will do to YOUR sex life... Living DEAR DEIDRE My lover won't tell her kids about me — because I went to school with them Living Revealed HIGH STREET HYPE Here are the best of the Black Friday sales that have already started - but don't blow the budget yet as… Living 'He used skunk at 14' Mum whose son developed psychosis after using cannabis slams calls to legalise the class B drug Living 'A whale in a dress' 21st bride upset by wedding snaps dropped 7 sizes after hubby ditched dream car to buy gastric band Living Quids in These five 50p coin designs are worth up to £3,000... so how many have YOU got hiding in your purse? Living Exclusive 'I smoke pot to be a better mum' Chronically ill mum takes cannabis 3 times a day as it gives her 'more energy' to play with… Living 'I'M TREATED LIKE A CIRCUS FREAK' Mum lives in agonising pain from 6,000 tumours COVERING her body Living ‘The more people love my daughter I’m happy!' Mum stuns Facebook by heaping praise on her daughter’s stepmum Living Most Popular Exclusive MADGE SON DRUG BUST Dramatic moment Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is caught with cannabis in drug bust TV & Showbiz Latest that's my daughter! Swedish dad reveals English-speaking woman found living on streets in Rome is his 21-year-old daughter… News SO WHO IS SHE? English-speaking homeless woman at centre of Rome 'Maddie mystery' claims she is a 20-year-old Brit –… News 'My baby's got a what?!' Mum shares hilarious snap of moment she hears she's given birth to a BOY - despite expecting girl Living SMIRK OF A KILLER Teen Grindr murderer flips middle finger in hospital bed just an hour after knifing George Osborne aide News Video FLORIDA FIREBALL Massive fireball blazing through the skies sparks fears of an alien invasion News KIM'S NUKE WAR FEARS North Korea pens letter to Donald Trump demanding 'hostile nuclear threats' must stop News 'I LOVE A GROWER' Stacey Solomon gushes over I'm A Celebrity's Wayne Bridge before dropping multiple innuendos TV & Showbiz WTF what a corker Remember Big Brother's Kinga, and THAT wine bottle? You won't believe what she looks like now Living DUTY OF CARE The Walking Dead to be investigated by Ofcom after brutal Negan killings in first episode of series seven TV & Showbiz Video 'I paid off my mum's mortgage' Scarlett Moffatt reveals she has made enough to make her parents mortgage free TV & Showbiz Exclusive 'DON'T WORRY, I'VE GOT THREE MORE' What Leicester City ace Jeff Schlupp said to cops after crashing his £190k Lamborghini Football X-RATED ARRIVAL Chrissy Teigen suffers major wardrobe malfunction after wearing no knickers in daring dress at the AMAs TV & Showbiz festive frenzy The McDonald's Christmas 2016 menu includes a McFlurry you won't want to miss Living Exclusive ANIMAL FRIGHTS Peta slam Adam Thomas for rough handling of 'sensitive and intelligent rats' during I'm A Celeb TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals ToysRUsBlackFriday Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Consumer Electronics/ Cars/ Google Loses Car Project CTO Google Loses Car Project CTO By David Murphy August 6, 2016 04:20pm EST 10 Comments Three employees involved with the Google's car project are leaving: the CTO and two software engineers. Some changes are afoot over at Google's self-driving car division. Its CTO and technical lead, Chris Urmson, is officially departing the project in addition to a few other key staffers. First, Urmson: he recently wrote a lengthy blog post on Medium yesterday to explain his move. "After leading our cars through the human equivalent of 150 years of driving and helping our project make the leap from pure research to developing a product that we hope someday anyone will be able to use, I am ready for a fresh challenge," Urmson wrote. "It has been a tremendous privilege and honor to be part of a team that has been at the forefront of bringing this life-saving technology to the world. I feel lucky to have played a role in building this team from a handful of people into the world-class team it is today, readying self-driving cars that will soon take you from A to B at the push of a button. If I can find another project that turns into an obsession and becomes something more, I will consider myself twice lucky." The two other big names departing Google's vehicular project are Jiajun Zhu, one the project's top software engineers and one of its founding membersas Recode reportedas well as Dave Ferguson, another top software engineer. The The New York Times reports that both are heading out to launch an undisclosed startup. Google confirmed Urmson's departure in a statement, but didn't mention anything about the other two. //Related Articles Don't Judge Self-Driving Tech Based on One Fatal Crash "Seven years ago, the idea that a car could drive itself wasn't much more than an idea. Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this lifesaving technology will soon become a reality. He departs with our warmest wishes," reads a statement from an Alphabet spokesperson. Google's self-driving car project is one of the pet projects of X, the research arm of Alphabet. According to the Times, Urmson had disagreed with the direction of the car project, and he made those concerns known to Alphabet CEO Larry Page and car project CEO John Krafcik a number of months ago. (Krafcik just joined the project last year after Google hired him away from Hyundai America.) However, according to Urmson, these disagreements were not the reason for his decision to leave the project. "I have every confidence that the mission is in capable hands. There are many other problems or products this talented group of people could work on, but they've chosen self-driving cars because they understand the impact their work can have on making our roads safer and bringing everyday destinations within reach for millions of people. I will be cheering along and following their progress," he wrote. Back to top Previous : Nissan Debuts Working Prototype of 3-Seat BladeGlider EV Report: Nissan To Sell EV Battery Biz Next : By David Murphy Freelancer David Murphy got his first real taste of technology journalism when he arrived at PC Magazine as an intern in 2005. A three-month gig turned to six months, six months turned to occasional freelance assignments, and he has since rejoined his tech-loving, mostly New York-based friends as one of PCMag.com's news contributors. His rise to (self-described) fame in the world of tech journalism began during his stint as an associate editor at Maximum PC, where his love of cardboard-based PC construction and meetings put him in... More » More Stories by David ComScore: Half of All Smartphone Time is Spent on Apps There's an app for everything, and it seems that more people are turning to their smartphone apps fo... More » Firewatch Comes to Xbox One Sept. 21 Xbox One gamers will get to play the game's new free-roam mode before anybody else. More » Report: Daimler Targets Tesla with 69 New Electric Vehicles by 2024 Daimler has fired up its research and development for premium electric cars, in the hopes that it ca... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Startups Advertising Social Reviews Kiosk Film Tech Biz & Co Entertainment Health&Sport onWheels Google Lets Kids Explore The Himalayas as The Yeti S Aadeetya, 5th August 2016 Google has released a new application specially designed for children to let them explore the Himalayas using maps, 3D imagery and gameplay. Called “Verne: The Himalayas”, the app introduces the character Verne, who is a friendly, 500-foot Yeti whom children can use to move around the map scenes. Google Maps blog post We invite you to explore the Himalayas as a Yeti named Verne. You can run up Mt. Everest, chase yaks, discover bits of information, ride a jetpack, play Himalayan instruments, and more. We’re excited to share it today as a fun way for anyone to take a summer trip to the tallest mountain range in the world.  The Yeti in the game can climb to the top of Mount Everest, go skating on icy lakes, chase yaks, ride a jetpack, play Himalayan instruments and delivers educational information about the Himalayas via a voice over. Download Verne: The Himalayas app. (With agency inputs.) Technology x google x web x google maps x Google Play Store x 3D Techonology x Verve: The Himalayas x Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Stories Intel: Using Artificial Intelligence to Create A Better World       Robert Enderle, 21st November 2016 7 Big MDM Problems You Need to Address Boris Dzhingarov, 21st November 2016 The Future of Virtual Reality: Where Will VR Make the Biggest Impact? J. Salvina, 22nd November 2016 About Us Contact Terms of Use Legal Privacy Policy Powered by Quintype
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google brings you the fruity Olympics on its mobile app By Ida Torres - August 6, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Hey, it isn’t just the humans that will be having fun during the 2016 Rio Olympics which officially kicked off today. Apparently, even the fruits are getting in on the action as for the next two weeks, you will be able to play all kinds of fruity sports though the Google app for Android. It’s time for the 2016 Doodle Fruit Games! There are a few games already available today so start flexing those fingers and practicing your mobile if you have nothing better to do than compete against berry competitive produce. Currently, there are already seven games available when you go to the Google app on your mobile device. The mechanics are pretty simple and can be explained through one or two graphics before you start the game for the first time. There are even fun fruit facts at the start, which you probably will not remember because you’re too busy trying to win the game or get a high score or reach three stars. The games range from easy to confusing to challenging, but as always, we give you a word of warning: they are pretty addictive. You get to outrun a giant watermelon and avoid getting squished to death; you will try to outhit your other fruity tennis opponents; you try to jump over hurdles while riding on a spider’s back; you swim like Michael Phelps and avoid hitting icebergs; plus other games that are weird and defy athletic logic, but hey, there’s a reason why you’re not actually competing in the Olympics. These games are the next best thing. You don’t need to download anything to be able to play the games. You just need to have the Google app on your phone, click on the Google Doodle, and choose which game you’d like to play. You probably will play all, we’re guessing. SOURCE: Google TAGS Android games Google Olympics Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,446FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 470,078FollowersFollow 59,654SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. TECHNOLOGY This Ex-Facebook Engineer Just Sold His Startup for $582 Million Marc Benioff and company are paying $582 million for the startup, which is run by the co-creator of Google Maps. By Salvador Rodriguez Salvador Rodriguez is a staff reporter for the San Francisco bureau of Inc. He covers Apple, Google, Facebook, Twitter, tech diversity, virtual reality, and other aspects of technology and entrepreneurship. Previously, Rodriguez was the Silicon Valley correspondent for the International Business Times; before that, he was the lead tech blogger and gadget reviewer for the Los Angeles Times. Rodriguez has interned with The New York Times in Arizona, The Arizona Republic, and the Houston Chronicle. He was born in Mexico and raised in Texas, and he earned his journalism degrees at Arizona State University. One of his special skills is the ability to name all the Super Bowl winners chronologically from memory. @sal19 Staff reporter, Inc.@sal19 1 COMMENTS Quip CEO Bret Taylor. CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement With the $582 million purchase of Quip,  Salesforce is dipping its toes into the world of productivity suites. It's a market that's a tad out of Salesforce's normal wheelhouse, but it's all part of an escalating arms race against Microsoft. Four-year-old Quip was a relatively unknown San Francisco startup until recently, but the company has quietly emerged as one of the innovators in the word-processing space. The company has done this by putting a premium on its communication tools, letting teams easily collaborate within the documents they work on. Quip is lead by CEO Bret Taylor, who is best known for his time at Facebook as chief technology officer and before that as one of the co-creators of Google Maps. Under the 35-year-old's leadership, Quip has grown to a 40-plus-person team with millions of users. Quip counts Facebook among its growing number of paying customers. "The age of Office being the only standard is over," Taylor told Inc. in July. "The word processor as we knew it is not as relevant as it once was, but what's next? I think it's Quip." Taylor came up with the idea for Quip while working at Facebook. There, he saw the impact smartphones were having on consumer software, and he correctly predicted that mobile would have a similar effect on the enterprise market. With co-founder Kevin Gibbs, Taylor set out to build Quip.  At Salesforce, Taylor will report directly to Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff. Quip is expected to scale faster as part of Salesforce and better compete in the productivity space against both Google and Microsoft. And that's exactly what Benioff would like. "Quip makes sense as an addition to the Salesforce product suite, filling in the office productivity tools niche, which Salesforce did not already have covered in a meaningful way," said Susan Kimberlin, a tech investor and former Salesforce director of product management. Though partners at times, Salesforce and Microsoft's relationship has grown tense in recent times as the two begin to align as direct competitors. Just one year ago, Microsoft tried to purchase Salesforce for $55 billion only to be turned down by the San Francisco company, which was looking for at least another $15 billion. Perhaps now that @Benioff has bought @quip he could also buy an email program that works better than this Outlook thing???-- Montel Williams (@Montel_Williams) August 1, 2016   If anything, Salesforce saved Microsoft much more than $15 billion. On its own, Microsoft has emerged as Salesforce's biggest threat in the customer relationship management market, and that threat only grew larger after Microsoft paid $26.2 billion for LinkedIn. Not only was Benioff publicly upset about that acquisition--he said he  would've paid more for the social network--but many are also predicting that Microsoft plans to use LinkedIn social networking prowess to better compete against Salesforce. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has encroached on Salesforce's turf, and with the purchase of Quip, it's clear Benioff hopes to take a slice out of the Microsoft Office pie. Welcome @quip @btaylor @kevgibbs to @Salesforce!We've always loved you & your amazing products.The new productivity. https://t.co/xryFwsgrre-- Marc Benioff (@Benioff) August 1, 2016   "Microsoft buying LinkedIn was a surprise to a lot of people, and I think it scared a lot of people in that space," said Ilan Nass, founder of Taktical, a tech consulting firm.  Salesforce "got scared, and now they're trying to broaden themselves." For both Salesforce and Taylor, summer 2016 has been a busy period. In June, the San Francisco tech giant made a $2.8 billion purchase for Demandware, another cloud-based company that focuses on providing e-commerce services. Taylor, meanwhile, was added to Twitter's board of director, where he is hoping to offer his social network expertise from his days at Facebook and Friendfeed. In one of his few comments on the deal, Benioff called Taylor one of the "rising stars of our industry," according to  Business Insider. "It's been my dream to work more closely with Bret Taylor," Benioff said. Published on: Aug 2, 2016 Advertisement
Home Probe into derailment of Indore-Patna Express begins Mamata targets Modi, to hit Delhi streets against demonetisation Growth versus environment? India ratifies historic Paris climate deal at U.N. Chennai   | Hyderabad   | Bengaluru   | Delhi   | Mumbai   | Tamil Nadu   | Andhra Pradesh   | Environment   | Cinema   | thREAD   | Metroplus   | Specials    Today's Paper All Sections News News National International Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other states Cities Business Business Agri-Business Economy Industry Markets OP-ED Opinion Columns Editorial Interview Readers' Editor Resources Resources The India Cables Elections Topics Events Lit for Life November Fest Life & Style Entertainment Art Cinema Dance History & Culture Music Theatre Motoring Travel Books Literary Review Know Your English Videos Videos Features Cinema Downtown Education Plus Friday Review Magazine Metroplus Property Plus Young World In School Empower Specials Specials In Depth Live Chat Timelines Data Sport Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Races Other Sports Sci-Tech Sci-Tech Environment Health Science Technology Gadgets Internet News Dance of death: A bang and all went blank Indore-Patna Express derailment: Full coverage India ratifies historic Paris climate deal at U.N. International   | National   | Cities    National Oppn forces RS to adjourn multiple times over demonetisation Opposition to continue offensive over demonetisation India ratifies historic Paris climate deal at U.N. Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    International India, China reiterate call to maintain border peace Mother Teresa award for Dhaka cafe attack victim South Asia   | World    South Asia   | World    Opinion The age of post-truth politics Quick fixes for deep-rooted issues Growth versus environment? We need a win-win situation for fishermen on both sides: Samaraweera Cartoon   | Columns   | Editorial   | Interview   | Lead   | Letters   | Comment   | Open Page   | Readers' Editor    Business Sport Shastri sees no threat to India’s top ranking Take out Virat’s runs, we had put India under pressure: Cook Cricket   | Football   | Hockey   | Tennis   | Races   | Other Sports    Videos Features Sci-Tech Crossword Agri-Business Budget Industry Economy Markets Stock Quotes Business » Companies WASHINGTON, August 6, 2016 Updated: August 6, 2016 23:13 IST Google executive quits self-driving car project Reuters Comment   ·   print   ·   T  T   T+  ·   T- Tweet V Geetanath » B Rishikesh Bahadurdesai » Zahid Rafiq » TOPICS science and technology technology (general) Chris Urmson, who was instrumental in building Google’s self-driving car project, said on Friday he is leaving the team after seven-and-a-half years. Alphabet Inc’s Google had named Urmson Chief Technical Officer of the project after it hired former Hyundai Executive John Krafcik to be Chief Executive of the project. Mr. Urmson, who joined the project when it was launched and has been a public face of Google’s autonomous vehicle efforts, testified before a U.S. Senate panel on autonomous cars in March. Mr. Krafcik confirmed Mr. Urmson’s departure in a tweet on Friday afternoon. Fresh challenge Mr. Urmson, in a blog post late Friday, said he was “ready for a fresh challenge.” He said he was not sure what he would do next. “Going to take some time and get some perspective from outside of Google,” he wrote in a text message to Reuters. Mr. Urmson told Reuters earlier this year that self-driving cars are coming. “I’ve gone from hoping this would happen to thinking it might happen to knowing it will happen,” Mr. Urmson said. Google self-driving car project spokesman Johnny Luu confirmed Mr. Urmson’s departure and praised him. “Seven years ago, the idea that a car could drive itself wasn't much more than an idea. Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality,” Mr. Luu said. Google’s project has had other significant departures, even as it has hired dozens of new employees. Earlier this year, Anthony Levandowski, who was product manager for Google’s self-driving car program, left the project to co-found a start-up with two other former Google employees. More In: Companies | Business Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Get News Delivered To Your Email Send Me News Please enter a valid email address. Kindly confirm the Newsletter subscription by clicking the link that your have received by email NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter a valid email address. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Business Bottomline The thrill of saving India from cybercrime The thrill of saving India from cybercrime Geeks seize the chance to help the government, defence forces and banks draw up fences against tech crimes » Moving the bus sector into the fast lane Moving the bus sector into the fast lane The Indian bus passenger will have to wait a little longer for a safe and comfortable ride, as the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways has postponed once again the implementation of the Nationa... » Facebook discloses steps to fight false news and hoaxes Facebook discloses steps to fight false news and hoaxes Facebook Inc, facing withering criticism for failing to stem a flood of phony news articles in the run-up to the U.S. presidential election, is taking a series of steps to weed out hoaxes and othe... » Will Tatas snare Mistry in their shareholding web? Will Tatas snare Mistry in their shareholding web? Up to 30% stake of Tata Sons in listed firms may give it ammo as a shareholder to oust Mistry from these companies » India could learn from U.K.’s advanced manufacturing ‘districts’ India could learn from U.K.’s advanced manufacturing ‘districts’ Disruptive transformation is taking place in the global manufacturing sector. This is led by new technologies that are developing rapidly and spreading through manufacturing hubs all over the worl... » Read More » Industry Mistry caused ‘enormous’ harm to Tata Group: TCS Cement consumption won’t go away, says India Cements’ Srinivasan Nusli Wadia serves defamation notice on Tata Sons SC orders NDMC to maintain status quo on Taj Mansingh Hotel auction Hyundai Motor rolls out 7 millionth car Demonetisation may hit labour-intensive export sector output Shankara BuildPro plans expansion The thrill of saving India from cybercrime Moving the bus sector into the fast lane Facebook discloses steps to fight false news and hoaxes Economy RBI sets still riders for Rs. 2.5 lakh withdrawal for weddings RBI relaxes NPA norms to fight cash crunch Banks get scrapped notes worth Rs. 5.44 lakh crore Equities erase all of 2016 gains IT Ministry holds meet to boost digital payments Markets Sensex crashes on fund outflows, Fed rate hike fears Rupee recovers 4 paise against US dollar Bullion traders keep shops shut for 9th day Rupee crashes below 68 level; ends at 9-month low on dollar shock Sensex dives 77 points on US rate hike fears, weak rupee Sensex down on US rate hike hints, rupee plunge Rupee loses 37 paise on higher dollar demand Rupee recovers 12ps to end at 67.82; snaps 4-day losing streak Sensex at 6-month lows, Nifty surrenders 8,100-mark Jewellery shops remain shut for the 7th day Most Popular    Rs 500/1,000 notes not valid for deposits in small saving schemes, says govt    Demonetisation: Rolling back something is not in Modi’s blood, says Naidu    21 lakh tea, jute workers set to join banking system    RBI allows Rs 50,000/week withdrawal from overdraft, cash credit accounts    60-day repayment relief is for lenders, not a payment holiday for borrowers Most Popular Most Commented Today's Paper ePaper This Day That Age Crossword Archive Group Sites The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre Images Classifieds RoofandFloor O P E N close Recent Article in Companies Adani’s Australian coal mine project fast-tracked The move would mean less red tape for the project in the Galilee Basin in Western Queensland without any further disruptions, allowing approvals quickly » The Hindu: Home | Today's Paper | News | National | International | Opinion | Business | Sport | Videos | Features | Sci-Tech | Crossword | The Site: | About Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contacts | Archive | Subscribe | RSS Feeds | Site Map Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.in  Copyright© 2016, The Hindu
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Microsoft suggests temporary work-around for Gmail issue 2 by Anmol  @anmol_112 Aug 6, 2016 at 15:04 GMT4 months ago Just a few days ago we reported that Google is blocking Windows 10 Mobile users from adding new Gmail accounts to the built-in Outlook app. While Microsoft has been relatively quiet about the outrage and no one really came forward to comment on the situation, a person named “Rowena Cam” from Microsoft forum team commented a possible workout for the problem. The comment was posted in reply to the problem on Microsoft’s official forum and below is the suggested way to solve the problem. 01. Go to “Settings”. 02. Tap on “Accounts”. 03. Tap on “Your email and accounts”. 04. Tap “Add an account”. 05. Tap “Other accounts POP, IMAP”. 06. Enter your Email address and Password. 07. Tap the Sign in button. 08. Once you’re signed in Open the Edge browser. 09. Visit gmail.com and log in to your Google account. 10. Open the message with the subject “Blocked sign-in attempt for security reasons” 11. Tap on the Allow Access button. 12. You will be forwarded to the Google security setting page. “Under the Access for less secure apps”, select “Turn on”. The method looks very straight forward and allows users to add Gmail accounts easily. Did the method work for our readers? Let us know in the comments section. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source Microsoft Answers Related gmail google Mail and Calendar windows 10 Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Microsoft’s Home Hub appears to be on the Windows and Device Group product roadmap by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft is bringing Xbox One game streaming to the Oculus Rift on Windows 10 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 22: No Phone Left Behind by Andrew Bennett on November 21, 2016 It doesn’t matter if your phone’s running the fast ring, slow ring, or even stuck on 10586 – Windows 10 Mobile users have plenty of updates to enjoy downloading this week, ... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Microsoft’s CEO Satya Nadella wants to build the ‘the ultimate mobile device’ by Mehedi Hassan on November 22, 2016 Many Microsoft execs have been spoken of building new category of devices lately. This, of course, includes Satya Nadella. In a recent interview, Nadella acknowledged the fact that Microsof... HP Elite x3 snags a new firmware update by Sean Chan HP has started rolling out a new firmware update for the Elite x3. The latest firmware update takes the software to 0002.0000.0018.0105. This update does not seem to include any new features... Microsoft’s Home Hub appears to be on the Windows and Device Group product... by Surur We reported earlier that the software foundations for Microsoft’s Home Hub have been spotted, showing that it would allow access to a Family Desktop above the Lock Screen featuring ... Cartoon texture pack now available on Minecraft: Pocket and Windows 10 Editions by Pradeep Mojang today announced the availability of Cartoon texture pack on Minecraft Pocket and Windows 10 Editions. A Minecraft texture pack to surprise and amuse you. Even the spiders are happy! T... ASUS ROG G701VI gaming laptop with NVIDIA GTX 1080 now available for order in th... by Pradeep Earlier this month, ASUS announced the updated ROG G701VI gaming laptop with NVIDIA GTX 1080 card. The VR Ready NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card used in ROG G701VI provides improved gra... Deals Deals Deal: Get ReCore Xbox One game for just $19.99 You can now get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from Amazon. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dynamic world in a ... Deal: Save up to £30 on Office for a limited time from Microsoft Store UK You can now save up to £30 on Office for a limited time from Microsoft Store UK. Office 365 Home, Office Home & Student 2016 for Mac and Office Home and Student 2016 are available on di... Black Friday Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover ... Microsoft Store UK’s Black Friday Deal for Surface Pro 4 device is now available online. Get a Surface Pro 4 with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £599. You ... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5/128GB for $799, plus add a Type Cover for... Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $200 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get a Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and ... Deal: Save $250 on entry-level Surface Book device from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering $250 discount on the entry level Surface Book device. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1249. Surface Book... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 256GB storage for £969 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of £110 for the Core i5/256GB Surface Pro 4 device in the UK. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 256GB SSD and 4GB RAM for ... Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for thi... Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News Chris Urmson, leader of Google's self-driving car project, to step down By Sarah Mulé   |   Aug. 6, 2016 at 11:09 AM Follow @upi Comments | License Photo MOUNTAINVIEW, Calif., Aug. 6 (UPI) -- The head of Google's self-driving car team has bowed out of the project, according to a blog announcement posted by the engineer on Friday. Chris Urmson, chief technology officer and former director of the self-driving car project, said he is leaving Google's parent company Alphabet, Inc., and is "ready for a fresh challenge." Urmson has been with the project since its inception in 2009. He took over for lead Sebastian Thrun after his departure in 2013 and acted as project director until last year when auto-industry vet John Krafcik took over. Urmson is the fifth long-time engineer to leave the project this year. Urmson and the group at Alphabet have been working to develop a fully driverless vehicle. Urmson said that his goal is to completely remove human drivers altogether as human error is responsible for 94 percent of accidents. "It has been a tremendous privilege and honor to be part of a team that has been at the forefront of bringing this life-saving technology to the world," Urmson said in his blog post. "I have every confidence that the mission is in capable hands." Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories Tesla brakes, not autopilot, at fault in fatal crash, company says Google offering $20 per hour to ride in self-driving cars Google self-driving car causes an accident Comments Topics: Google Latest Headlines Kongsberg to upgrade Fridtjof Nasen-class frigates for Norway 23 minutes ago OSLO, Norway, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- The Norwegian Defense Materiel Agency has awarded Kongsberg Defense with a $36 million contract to upgrade Fridtjof Nasen-class frigates. Elbit to supply mortar weapon systems for U.S. Army 59 minutes ago HAIFA, Israel, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- Elbit Systems has received a $103 million contract to produce mortar weapon systems for the U.S. Army. Oil prices move lower on OPEC questions, Autumn Statement 2 hours ago NEW YORK, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- Crude oil prices apparently found the direction they were looking for Wednesday, moving lower amid uncertainty about the impact of OPEC maneuvering. Thanksgiving gas prices are the lowest in years 3 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- U.S. travelers leaving early on Wednesday to get a head start on the holiday will see some of the lowest gas prices in nearly a decade, the government said. Future USS Gabrielle Giffords completes acceptance trials 3 hours ago MOBILE, Ala., Nov. 23 (UPI) -- The future littoral combat ship USS Gabrielle Giffords completed the acceptance trials needed to enter service with the U.S. Navy. Mixed bag for frontier oil reserves offshore Liberia 4 hours ago CALGARY, Alberta, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- A division of Exxon Mobil announced Wednesday it started drilling its first well targeting reserves off the coast of Liberia. Lufthansa pilot strike cancels 876 flights 4 hours ago FRANKFURT, Germany, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- German airline Lufthansa canceled about 876 of its Wednesday flights after unionized pilots began a two-day walkout, the company said. Norway's oil and gas investments on the decline 4 hours ago OSLO, Norway, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- Investment plans for oil and gas developments offshore Norway are on the decline and should remain low even with new projects on tap, government data show. New energy alliance focused on Gulf of Mexico 5 hours ago HOUSTON, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- Independent energy producers focused on the U.S. Gulf of Mexico announced coordination around an alliance aimed at advancing the industry's needs in Washington. Australian energy company rewarded for Cuban oil efforts 6 hours ago MELBOURNE, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- An Australian energy company that's one of the few foreign companies working in Cuba said it was rewarded for its efforts with a contract extension. Trending Stories New missile system delivered to Turkish military BAE building combat vehicles inspired by ironclad beetles U.S. Navy reaches milestone with F-35B weapons load testing U.S. Navy selects BAE Systems for Zumwalt destroyer work Where Russia's Lukoil sees oil prices going UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado Best of the 2016 AMAs In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Google, Dashlane To Standardize Android Password Managers With 'Open YOLO' - You Only Log In Once 6 August 2016, 9:56 am EDT By Horia Ungureanu Tech Times Internet In A MinuteNow Playing Google and Dashlane announced that they are joining forces to create an open source API that gathers all password managers under its umbrella. The Open YOLO – "you only log in once" – project is backed by big players in the sector already.  ( Dashlane ) Advertisement Google is teaming up with password manager Dashlane to make it easier for users to handle the burden of remembering passwords. The project, which is currently targeted only toward Android users, should help users log in to apps safely and quickly, by storing passwords in a highly secure medium. The name of the initiative is pretty self-explicit: it is dubbed Open YOLO, as in "you only log in once." Also, it is supposed to attract know-how and expertise from a wide array of password managers. These types of software are a great way to help users who always forget their passwords. However, top names in the field, such as Dashlane, LastPass, 1Password and Roboform provide more or less the same service. It is normal for the average user to question which one is the best choice. Some may prefer one password manager, while others may be more inclined toward a different one. Here is where Open YOLO shines, as the project aims to deliver a single, seamless login process, which integrates whichever password manager users make use of. Keep in mind that the project has a high chance of tapping into the potential of Smart Lock, which Google already uses. Smart Lock entered the stage in 2015, when it started to help users log in Android apps and apply their credentials to log into Chrome's websites. At the moment, Open YOLO works in open API form, which ensures that app developers can include any password managers in it. Developers from various password managers are encouraged to chip in with their proprietary technology and expertise so that the API gets to its best form. The good news is that top password managers are either already involved in the project or are showing a strong interest in it. The idea behind the project is to have password managers that are increasingly proactive and transparent. The team behind Open YOLO aims to have the project in stable form so that security can be made simple and accessible "for every user," regardless of device. Insiders familiar with the matter estimate that Google will approve the API by September. Open YOLO still toils on creating a login process for Android apps, but the team's ambitions are far greater. "We see this open API [...] becoming universally implemented by apps and password managers across every platform and operating system," Dashlane says in a blog post. Dashlane goes on to say that it's looking forward to a future when the collaborative project will enhance the safety of all users, on all ecosystems. TAG Smart Lock, Password Manager, Password Managing Service, Dashlane, Open Yolo © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Android Password Manager 1Password Adds Individual Subscription Plan At $3 Per Month: Document Storage, Web Access And More Android Password Manager 1Password Finally Gets Fingerprint Unlock And More Cloud-Based Software Maker LogMeIn Buys Password Manager LastPass For $125M Oops...LastPass found a security hole in password manager. Should you worry? From Our Sponsor Bluetooth Speakers: The Conveniences They Bring And The Advantages Over Wired Speakers At a time when almost every portable electronic device come with their own speakers, are Bluetooth speakers becoming obsolete? The truth is far from it as Bluetooth speakers bring many conveniences and have several advantages over wired speakers SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get All The Legendaries And Ultra Beasts 2 Apple Black Friday 2016: Best Deals For MacBook Pro, MacBook Air And iMac From Best Buy, eBay, Amazon And Newegg 3 Google Google Pixel Update Brings Double-Tap And Raise-To-Wake Moves To The Mix Advertisement 4 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016 Smartphone Deals: Verizon, Sprint and AT&T Samsung Galaxy S7/Edge, iPhone 7/Plus Sales And BOGOs At Walmart, Target, Best Buy And More 5 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: Where To Find Eevee, Pikachu (And Pichu) And Growlithe 6 Gadgets Best Black Friday 2016 Headphone Deals: Grab Beats, Bose, Harman Kardon, Skullcandy From Best Buy, Amazon, Target And Other Retailers 7 Earth/Environment Asteroid That Killed The Dinosaurs Formed Mountain Range Taller Than Mount Everest In Less Than 10 Minutes 8 Gadgets Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' And 'Moon' Guide: How To Get A Shiny Starter Pokémon 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Free iPhone 7 With Trade-In Deal Comes Back For Black Friday, Free Samsung Galaxy S7 And LG V20 Join The Party EDITOR'S PICKS Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? NASA's 'Impossible' Propulsion Engine EmDrive Passes Peer Review Amgen Cholesterol Drug And Statin Combo Reduces Plaque Buildup In Arteries Of Heart Patients Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Samsung Galaxy S7 To Launch In New Glossy Black Color To Compete With Shiny Jet Black iPhone 7 Marrakech Vision: World's Most Climate-Vulnerable Countries Aiming For 100 Percent Green Energy Best 4K TV Black Friday 2016 Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, eBay, Target And More Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Investing IPOs0 Why Snapchat May Be the Single Most Dangerous IPO I've Ever Seen Trading Strategies0 Triple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Technology0 Everything You Need to Know About This New Fintech Disruptor – Before You Make a Move Trading Strategies0 How Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit Stocks0 Our "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Washington0 If I Were Trump's Advisor, Here's What I'd Tell Him Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Trading Strategies0 There's Huge "Downside" Profit Potential Here, Courtesy of the President-Elect Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options1 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Move Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why the OPEC Oil Deal Is Now in Doubt Energy1 Why Trump's Biggest Energy Impact Won't Be Coal Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Before You Sit Down to Watch the Lions Get Beat, Here's One Football Story You Need to Know It’s been a turbulent year for the fantasy-sports biz. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments Access YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing IPOs0 Why Snapchat May Be the Single Most Dangerous IPO I've Ever Seen Trading Strategies0 Triple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1 How to Invest After the Election Election0 The One Chart You Need to See Before the Market Opens Today Stocks0 The Only Investment Decision You Should Make Ahead of the Election Global Markets0 Duterte in Japan: A $1 Trillion Opportunity That the U.S. Lost in Translation Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Technology0 Everything You Need to Know About This New Fintech Disruptor – Before You Make a Move Trading Strategies0 How Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit Stocks0 Our "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now Economic Data5 The First Thing Trump Should Do for the Economy Trading Strategies0 Two Trades to Prepare for the "Day After" Election0 Smart Money Bets Ahead of a "Dangerous" Election Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Washington0 If I Were Trump's Advisor, Here's What I'd Tell Him Election1 How to Profit No Matter Who Wins Today Dow Jones1 The S&P 500 Hit My Year-End Target 11 Months Early, So Here's My New Forecast Stocks0 We're in a Market Gridlock, but I See One Tiny Reason for Optimism Stocks0 The Untradeables: These Stocks Are Too Terrible to Buy, Hold, or Even Short Market Crash0 Stocks Are Selling Off – but Not for the Reason You Think Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Trading Strategies0 There's Huge "Downside" Profit Potential Here, Courtesy of the President-Elect Stocks0 Three Quick and Easy Profit Plays to Make Right Now Options1 The Latest Samsung Scandal Could Mean Triple-Digit Profits for Your Portfolio Options0 The Best Way to Play Earnings Ahead of the Election Trading Strategies0 The Only Two Tools You Need to Make an Easy Fortune in the Markets Economic Data0 Why Bearish Traders Should Look Good Next Year Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Technology0 Move Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1 This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You Technology0 Tuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity Technology3 How to Profit from the Next Generation of Defense Tech Technology0 The Real Winner in the AT&T Merger Is Beating the Market by Nearly Threefold in 2016 Technology0 How to Avoid Being Collateral Damage During the Next Cyberattack Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 Why the OPEC Oil Deal Is Now in Doubt Energy1 Why Trump's Biggest Energy Impact Won't Be Coal Energy0 What President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Energy1 Russia's Real Achilles' Heel: The Best Way to Cripple the Kremlin Election0 The Only Post-Election U.S. Energy Solution Oil0 OPEC Has Never Done This Before Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Research Shows the Biggest Profits Almost Always Start with This Number Message: URL: http://mney.co/2aPHtSO  −  nine  =  zero Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Research Shows the Biggest Profits Almost Always Start with This Number Message: URL: http://mney.co/2aPHtSO 3  +   =  six Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Trading Strategiesno responses Research Shows the Biggest Profits Almost Always Start with This Number By Keith Fitz-Gerald, Chief Investment Strategist, Money Map Report • @kfgtotalwealth • August 2, 2016 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 2  −  two  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Keith Fitz-Gerald Most investors believe that you've got to take huge risks with high flying stocks like Google, Facebook, and Amazon to make huge profits. They couldn't be more mistaken. In fact, the biggest profits often come from stocks that are about as exciting as watching paint dry or the grass grow. How big? Don't Miss: How to Make 2016 Your Wealthiest Year Yet Try beating the markets by… …10 to 1 …20 to 1 …even 40 to 1 That's not atypical around at Total Wealth, nor is it unusual in our sister services, Money Map Report and High Velocity Profits. In fact, I'm tracking one company right now that's already built up a 12-to-1 advantage. What's more, it's still a great buy. Naturally, I'm going to share it with you today, but before I do so, I need to set the stage. That way you can use what you learn in the next few minutes to find this kind of profit potential, too. The Investing Strategy That Can Help You Beat Buffett I've talked with tens of thousands of investors over the years, and an overwhelming majority of them believe that finding the right stocks is a difficult, time-consuming, and mind-numbing task. To be sure… it can be, but it doesn't have to be. Through bull markets and bear markets alike, the best companies – meaning those with the most profit potential – ALL have one thing in common when it comes to upside… A high "F-Score." Never heard of it? Most investors haven't. Not surprisingly, the F-Score is one of Wall Street's best-kept secrets. It was created by a brilliant yet unassuming accountant from the University of Chicago and Stanford named Joseph Piotroski, and it ranks publicly traded companies using nine easy-to-understand criteria that are compared year over year: A rise in net income A rise in operating cash flow A rise in return on assets A rise in working capital A rise in gross margin Operating cash flow that is greater than the company's net income Its ratio of long-term debt to assets has fallen Its growth rate of sales exceeds that of asset acquisition The company has not diluted the value of its stock by issuing more new shares to the public than it bought back Piotroski's research is very well-established. In fact, you can read his initial report and research here if you're up for it. Or you can simply concentrate on the results. Imagine it's 1976 and you invested $1,000 in stocks rating an 8 or 9 of the nine possible points in the Piotroski Score. Over the next 20 years, your money would have turned into $77,269.36, having averaged a stunning 23% a year – incidentally, that's about 3% better than Berkshire Hathaway Inc.'s (NYSE: BRK.A) average compound annual return since 1965, according to Buffett's 2015 letter to investors. People tell me frequently that they don't have the "time to wait" whenever I bring up longer-term research like this and I get that… so let's put that nonsense to bed right now. Over the past 10 years, high Piotroski Score stocks – meaning those achieving an 8 or 9 – would have done even better, achieving an average annual return of 26.7%. That's good enough to turn $1,000 in $10,660 in just over nine years. Watch These Five Companies in 2016… There was a huge absence of IPO activity last year. In fact, only 170 companies went public in 2015 – down from 275 the year before. But 2016 is about to change all that as some of the biggest companies in the world prepare to hit the market. Here are the five we're keeping an eye on… Over the past five years, it's 33.9% a year on average, and $18,527. What's more, high F-Score stocks rose an average of 32.6% even in 2008 when the markets suffered a positively terrifying 43% drop! Still don't have the "time?" Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… Keith Fitz-Gerald About the Author Browse Keith's articles | View Keith's research services Keith Fitz-Gerald has been the Chief Investment Strategist for the Money Morning team since 2007. He's a seasoned market analyst with decades of experience, and a highly accurate track record. Keith regularly travels the world in search of investment opportunities others don't yet see or understand. In addition to heading The Money Map Report, Keith runs High Velocity Profits, which aims to get in, target gains, and get out clean. In his weekly Total Wealth, Keith has broken down his 30-plus years of success into three parts: Trends, Risk Assessment, and Tactics – meaning the exact techniques for making money. Sign up is free at totalwealthresearch.com. … Read full bio (0) COMMENTS (0) FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: trading strategy Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  +  6  =  ten Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Before You Sit Down to Watch the Lions Get Beat, Here's One Football Story You Need to Know Forget your password? Not a member? Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald IPOsWhy Snapchat May Be the Single Most Dangerous IPO I've Ever Seen Trading StrategiesTriple Your Money If There's a "Trump Dump" Trading Strategies1How to Invest After the Election TechnologyMove Fast – Because This “Singularity” Tech Is Traveling at 760 MPH Stocks1This Fortune 1000 Firm Has Bet Big on Pot – and so Should You TechnologyTuesday's Defense Mandate Is a Huge "Before the Crowd" Profit Opportunity TechnologyEverything You Need to Know About This New Fintech Disruptor – Before You Make a Move Trading StrategiesHow Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit StocksOur "Post-Trump" Play Is Leading the Markets Now OilWhy the OPEC Oil Deal Is Now in Doubt Energy1Why Trump's Biggest Energy Impact Won't Be Coal EnergyWhat President Trump Means for Your Energy Investments Trading StrategiesYou Won't Believe How Profitable the Next Four Years Could Be Stocks1This Long-View Play Will Make You (and Your Grandchildren) Rich The Fed2What Every Investor Needs to Know Between Now and 2017 Latest News November 23, 2016 By Diane Alter Leave a Comment Why Silver Prices Are Down Today and Where They're Heading November 23, 2016 By Shah Gilani Leave a Comment Everything You Need to Know About This New Fintech Disruptor – Before You Make a Move November 23, 2016 By Money Morning News Team Leave a Comment Will the Stock Market Crash After the FOMC Meeting? Related Content If You Think "Dow 19K" Is Great, Wait Till You See What's Coming Next There's Huge "Downside" Profit Potential Here, Courtesy of the President-Elect The Most Profitable 50 Seconds You'll Spend All Week How Hedge Funds Bet the Election, What They'll Do Next, and How You Can Profit Trending Posts 4995 Reads 19 Likes Why Trump's Biggest Energy Impact Won't Be Coal Donald Trump's planned energy policy has thrown the future of one vital resource into question. The consequences won't just impact the U.S. energy sector... 4339 Reads 1237 Likes 5 Marijuana Stocks to Watch in 2017 Our marijuana stocks to watch in 2017 list includes five stocks to keep an eye on. Here’s everything you need to know about these stocks and the booming industry. Today's Markets DJIA 26.30 (0.14%) 19,050.17 NASDAQ -18.31 (0.34%) 5,368.04 S&P -2.03 (0.09%) 2,200.91 HII -2.43 (-1.36%) 176.49 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us © 2016 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us YOUR PROFIT ALERTS Enjoy our new, free service that helps you make more money! When it comes to successfully profiting from the markets, timing is everything. Getting “in” before a stock makes its decisive move is a key part of growing your wealth and achieving financial freedom. Now Money Morning Profit Alerts lets you do just that... Get ahead of top profit opportunities by picking your areas of interest from the list below. You’ll get all our new money-making research in that area as soon as we release each update. It’s easy and free and you can add to your Profit Alert preferences at any time. Remember to hit “Save” to get started after you’ve picked your alerts.
null
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Advertise 7 Reasons Why Link Building is Seriously Neglected SEO July 27, 2016 SEO Timothy CarterJuly 27, 2016 992SHARES 2.1KREADS 992SHARES 2.1KREADS Timothy Carter 992SHARES 2.1KREADS Link building has always been a polarizing strategy in the online marketing world, at least to some degree. Some practitioners swear by it; some fear it’s going to earn them penalties or a poor reputation, and some remain somewhat ignorant of the strategy in general. According to AudienceBloom’s recent “What Works in Online Marketing” survey, link building continues to be seriously neglected—or at the very least misunderstood. Participants list link building as one of their least-used strategies and rank it as the second-hardest strategy to approach (next to influencer marketing). But what’s truly surprising is that 38 percent of participants aren’t using the strategy at all. Considering link building is necessary to earn higher search ranks and remains one of the most efficient marketing strategies around, this is startling. So why is it that link building is so neglected? It’s Changed Significantly in the Past Five Years Google has always used backlinks as its most significant way to measure the “authority” of a given site, but that process has changed dramatically over the course of the past five years with the roll out of Penguin and its subsequent modifications starting in 2012. The quality of a link now matters far more than its mere existence, and anybody who claims to fully understand how links are evaluated is probably lying. The truth is, link building is complex, and it’s a totally different landscape than it was just five years ago—and that’s turning people away. Fear of Penalties Thanks in no small part to the sensationalist marketers spreading fear about “Penguin penalties,” users have an ongoing fear of link-based penalties for their sites. It’s earned the strategy of link building a stigma it doesn’t deserve, and most people who aren’t participating in link building will cite this stigma among their reasons for not pursuing it. Yes, it’s possible to be penalized for building a bad link, but that just means you have to spend your efforts building good, natural links. Most People Don’t Realize the Gamut of Benefits Link building isn’t just about increasing your search rank, though that is an attractive benefit. In reality, link building carries a number of different benefits. Referral traffic is one of the most important—if you pick a good source and you write good content, you could earn thousands of visitors from a single guest post, not even considering search-originated traffic. Plus, your brand visibility will grow as you spread your brand to new sources, and your reputation will similarly climb, increasing the likelihood that new visitors will buy from you. Its Role in SEO is Underestimated Link building isn’t just one way to increase your search rank; without it, it’s nearly impossible to see substantial gains. There are two main things Google takes into consideration when sorting ranks for a given query; the relevance of a particular page, and the authority of that page. You need both if you want to generate any substantial rank, so assuming you’ve targeted appropriate keywords, your main focus should be on authority. How is authority measured? Inbound links. They’re evaluated and considered in complex ways, but the bottom line is that without some inbound link-based strategy, your authority will remain stagnant. You need both if you want to generate any substantial rank, so assuming you’ve targeted appropriate keywords, your main focus should be on authority. How is authority measured? Inbound links. They’re evaluated and considered in complex ways, but the bottom line is that without some kind of inbound link-based strategy, your authority will remain stagnant. ADVERTISEMENT There are Sexier Strategies Let’s face it. Link building isn’t the “sexiest” strategy around. Social media marketing sounds way more exciting, carries more immediate, instant-gratification-level results, and it has the benefit of word-of-mouth buzz from avid users. Think about how quickly Instagram has grown in popularity, Think about how quickly Instagram has grown in popularity, both among users and brands. Instagram is a far sexier strategy than link building. Brands are pouring their money into these highly talked-about strategies, and pay less attention to ones with less public recognition, even if they’re more utilitarian or more beneficial in the long run. It Demands Investment Link building isn’t a strategy you can piece together overnight, nor is it one you can run on auto-pilot. It demands investment, and a big investment over an extended period of time. You have to do tons of research to keep up with the latest trends, pour hours of effort into each and every link you build, and wait patiently, for months, before you start to see results. Most people aren’t willing to commit that level of time and effort to a strategy they haven’t seen work firsthand. It’s Hard to Get Started This is the most significant barrier for most marketers to overcome. It’s relatively easy to get started with some strategies; for example, you can create a brand page on Facebook in a matter of minutes. Link building doesn’t offer the same warm welcome. Instead, it forces marketers to study comprehensively before making the attempt, and during execution, they’ll likely face many rejections, stumbles, and flat-out failures before getting it right. Link building does reward persistence, but that persistence is hard to embody when you’re new to the strategy. If you’re an online marketer, there’s no reason you shouldn’t be incorporating a link building strategy into your over all approach. Between the SEO benefits, the brand visibility factor, and the direct referral traffic you’ll receive, link building (the right way) is practical, universal, and highly profitable. There’s a significant barrier to entry—a learning curve—but it’s nothing a little research and practice can’t fix. You owe it to yourself, and your brand, to pursue it.   Image Credits Featured Image: tashatuvango/DepositPhotos.com In-post Photo: nastia1983 /DepositPhotos.com Related Posts How Link Building Has Changed In 2014: Interview With Prashant Puri Link Building in 2016: New Strategies & Resources SEO 101: Link Building: What Not to Do 4 Post-Penguin Link Building Tactics Every Company Should Be Doing Bio Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Timothy Carter Director of Business Development at AudienceBloom Timothy Carter is the Director of Business Development for the Seattle-based content marketing & social media agency AudienceBloom. When Timothy isn't telling the world about... Read Full Bio @TimothyCarter +Timothy Carter Latest posts by Timothy Carter (see all) 5 Targets to Set at the Beginning of an #SEO Campaign - October 20, 2016 7 Reasons Why Link Building is Seriously Neglected - July 27, 2016 The 7 Most Important Questions to Ask of Your SEO Data - May 25, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Scott Westenberger Thanks for article Timothy! At the very least, it serves as a great reminder of an important SEO technique. At most, it’s an indictment on our willingness to go for the low hanging fruit. Building relationships, and subsequently links, is not the easiest thing to do. While it might lead us outside of our comfort zones, it’s vital to rankings! Thanks for the encouragement! Ben Brausen Are links important? Yes. Is link building? Not so much. In the time it takes to build a link or two, you can now create content that gets dozens or even hundreds or more links. Quality content also gathers links from far higher authority sources than those generally acquired through manual link building. Which is the better investment in your time? I think the actions of most answer that question. Ali You can’t avoid link building if you are doing SEO or Digital marketing. revereye Link building is absolutely important factor Zinnga Really Link Building is the most important factor in SEO. Thanks for Giving the Nice Information Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Kerry Jones on Creating Content Around Hot Button Topics See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.5K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 5.3K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 5.3K reads 11/7/2016 4 10 Signs You Were Born To Be a Digital Marketer 3.7K reads 11/12/2016 5 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.6K reads 11/7/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 3 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 4 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School 5 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 How Link Building Has Changed In 2014: Interview With Prashant Puri 2 Link Building in 2016: New Strategies & Resources 3 SEO 101: Link Building: What Not to Do 4 4 Post-Penguin Link Building Tactics Every Company Should Be Doing [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 8/6/2016 7:21 AM Meet the China 'whisperers' who get the big deals done in Silicon Valley Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Carmen Chang, a longtime Silicon Valley lawyer and investor who helps tech companies navigate murky territory dealing with deep pockets in China. Photo by Nick Otto for The Washington Post   Connie Chan, a partner with the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz. Photo by Nick Otto for The Washington Post   Elizabeth Dwoskin Washington Post     SAN FRANCISCO -- When Uber chief executive Travis Kalanick wanted advice about whom to hire to run his ride-hailing business in China, he asked Carmen Chang, a longtime Silicon Valley lawyer and investor who had helped a previous generation of tech companies navigate that murky territory. When Uber sold its China business to its rival Didi this week, Chang was a trusted confidante. When Lyft, Uber's smaller rival, needed an entree into China, the company's president turned to another Silicon Valley insider who shuttles between worlds. The introduction from Connie Chan, a partner at the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, to China's largest ride-hailing company led to a $100 million investment and partnership. Behind the scenes of an unprecedented flood of capital from China into Silicon Valley over the past two years is an elite network of brokers. These brokers do more than deal-making; they play anthropologist and cultural translator -- from coaching startup founders about the culturally appropriate place to sit at a conference room table in China to breaking down how emojis are used in Chinese apps. Their acumen is growing more valuable, entrepreneurs say, as they navigate a cast of hard-to-parse characters with alluring deep pockets and promises of big business opportunities overseas. "She is the whisperer between China and Silicon Valley," said Matthew Prince, chief executive of Cloudflare, a web security startup, of Chang. Last year, Chang helped Prince -- whose company had given up on China in 2011 -- clinch a partnership with Baidu, China's search giant. "There's very few that really understand both sides." Chang, who was born in Nanjing, China, came to the States to seek a doctorate in Modern Chinese History. She got pulled into the tech industry after graduating from Stanford Law School in the early 1990s, when she got a job as an associate at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, the Silicon Valley firm known for its ties to the clubby venture capitalists on Sand Hill Road. One of her early clients was Masayoshi Son, the billionaire Japanese investor who founded the Japanese telecommunications giant Softbank. At the time, she said, senior management at the firm had never been to Asia, and Son "wasn't considered important enough" to be represented by a general partner. "So he got an associate," she says. The lack of knowledge about the role Asia was beginning to play in the technology industry worked to Chang's advantage, as she was able to build a client roster and contacts that became a who's who in Asian tech. In the years that followed, Chang became involved in a string of deals, some of which have become lore in Silicon Valley. She helped Hank Paulson, then chief executive of Goldman Sachs, break into China. She represented Google when it acquired a stake in Baidu in 2004. In 2003, she facilitated a joint venture between network infrastructure firm 3Com and China's Huawei Technologies -- one of the first between Silicon Valley and a Chinese company. Today, Chang says the relationship between Silicon Valley and China has reached a turning point. In the last two years, internet giants like Alibaba, Baidu and Tencent -- sometimes referred to as the Amazon, Google and Facebook of China -- as well as dozens of private investors and state-owned enterprises have flooded Silicon Valley with cash, spending billions in a race to access cutting-edge technology. Their presence has been enticing for young companies, who see these investors as a powerful new source of capital that can keep them afloat and a path to doing business in China. As China's tech sector develops -- major cities are already saturated with ride-sharing, messaging and apps for on-demand services -- it's harder for U.S. companies to do business there. As a result, the reliance on networks of brokers and investors is growing, entrepreneurs said in interviews. Venture capital firms have responded to the cash influx by building out their relationships with Chinese and other foreign investors -- and growing their coffers in the process. To that end, Chang was recruited to become a partner at the venture firm New Enterprise Associates in 2013. There she has brokered China partnerships for many portfolio companies. Her hidden hand goes beyond deals: Last year, she helped to recruit Liu Zhen, a lawyer from a prominent Chinese family who had worked for her at Wilson Sonsoni, to head up Uber's China business (NEA is an investor in Uber). Like any other dealmaker, the China whisperers must manage the often competing interests of investors and entrepreneurs -- but they do so in the context of a larger culture clash that has at times led to distrust on both sides. Chinese investors are by definition outsiders to Silicon Valley -- they want to gain access to the hot deals but have fewer connections to do so. Today, it's very common to see many Chinese investors in the audience at startup incubator "demo days" -- when nascent companies pitch to an audience of would-be funders. Still it can be tough to get in. Some brokers say that Chinese investors rarely access the early and most potentially lucrative fundraising rounds of a hot company. In the case of state-owned enterprises, some U.S. startups don't want to take their money -- or even take meetings with them -- for fear that they will become too enmeshed with the Chinese government, some brokers said. But sometimes it is the U.S. startups who perceive the Chinese as unfair. They can be seen as aggressive negotiators, said George Zachary, a partner at the venture capital firm CRV. Startups and other investors are wary of giving up too much control. Chang says she has to manage concerns by Chinese investors that they are getting the short end of deals. Huawei recently made a deal with one of her startups, the 3-D photo app Fyuse. "I wanted to make it clear to them that we would never treat them like dumb money or treat them differently from other investors," Chang said. "We would treat them fairly." Negotiating a joint venture is one of trickiest aspects of working with Chinese investors. In the last three years, Chinese regulations and practices have made it more complicated for U.S. companies to do business there, Chang says. For that reason, startups usually enter the market in the form of a partnership. Today, these partnerships are often based in the Cayman Islands because China doesn't allow foreign ownership of companies. In negotiations, for example, Chinese partners often insist that the data of Chinese citizens cannot be stored on U.S. servers and that legal disputes must be settled in Chinese or Hong Kong courts. Previously, arbitration in Santa Clara County was a sticking point for U.S. companies; now that battle has largely been lost, she says. Around the same time that Chang joined NEA, Chan of Andreessen Horowitz began to build out a China network for the firm. Liaising with Asia is now Chan's full-time job. In addition to making what she calls "warm introductions" that can lead to deals, she has a Rolodex of lawyers, accountants, investors manufacturers and Chinese media that can help the firm's companies navigate their way abroad. Often she plays cultural translator -- doing things like helping startups understand Chinese products and assess the competition. "I say, okay, here are the four companies you should track," she says. "This is their Chinese name. Go set a Google Alert. Have someone who understands Chinese in your company do a screenshot by screenshot walk-through ... and repeat every six months." Chan, who is 32 and soft-spoken, is becoming known as something of an expert on explaining Chinese products and technology trends to the wider public. In 2014, she wrote an extensive blog post about the Chinese messaging app WeChat. With 549 million monthly users, it's one of the largest messaging apps in the world. "Few outside China really understand how it works," she wrote, "how it can pull off what for many companies (and countries) is still a far-off vision of a world managed entirely through our smartphones." She went on to explain how people in China hail taxis, order food, buy movie tickets, get their bank statements, search for books at the local library and read news -- all through text messages. The blog, by all accounts a wonky breakdown of a Chinese app, went viral. It was listed by New York Times columnist David Brooks as one of the best essays of 2015. The go-go climate has also given rise to other new players, such as Danhua Capital, a two-year-old venture capital firm led by Shoucheng Zhang, an award-winning Stanford physicist who has used his connections and fame in China to raise a $350 million fund and invest in dozens of companies on behalf of newly wealthy employees of Chinese internet giants. Zhang, a Chinese scientific prodigy who came to the United States in the '80s, has long had a front-row seat on the China-Silicon Valley relationship: At a gathering for a Bay Area Chinese American nonprofit that Zhang founded, Jack Ma was introduced to Yahoo co-founder Jerry Yang, he says. The casual introduction led to Yahoo's storied investment in Alibaba. The physicist wasn't interested in investing himself until he saw an opportunity in the number of Chinese coming to Silicon Valley with a "hunger to learn." He says he is inspired by the idea of applying scientific principles to business. "The bridge between China and the U.S. is one of the biggest challenges of globalization -- it's a critical moment of transition," he said. "If we don't do it well, it will be a great lost opportunity." On another end of the spectrum are people like Wei Guo, a Chinese-born, Western-educated 27 year old who has raised multimillion dollar fund from family friends and invested in over 100 U.S. startups. His investors, he said, do not care if they lose their money so long as they gain exposure to exciting technologies. Brokers say that sometimes misperceptions arise because business culture in China is so different. In China, where there's less rule of law and a powerful government relentlessly pushing for growth, brass-knuckled tactics are far more common. Taking ideas from a company you invest in and giving them to another is more acceptable, for example. Chang says she has been able to be effective, in part, because she makes a point of never questioning anyone's honesty or integrity; acting suspicious can deeply offend people and escalate conflict. In any deal, she coaches both sides to be aware of the messages they are projecting. "I've told U.S. companies, Chinese people have long memories and are the ultimate repeat players, so don't play any games," she says. "And I've tried to tell the Chinese investors coming the Valley today that they are making their reputation as they go along, so they should be very thoughtful and careful about what they do." She also only does business with people she knows well. But Chan says some of the confusion is also a function of being an outsider to clubby Silicon Valley. When Chinese are investing in the United States, "it's harder for them to have a full perspective of the competitive landscape or a full understanding of how to vet that entrepreneur's background," she says. "In China, so much of business is relationship-based." Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Washington Post Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. TECHNOLOGY How Mobile Technologies Are Innovating The On-Site Retail Experience MIT research shows that over 80 percent of in-store shoppers first visit online By Chirag Kulkarni Chirag Kulkarni is a serial entrepreneur, speaker, and adviser. @chirag_kulkarni Co-founder and CEO, Insightfully@chirag_kulkarni WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement The increasingly mobile retail environment is changing consumer expectations about shopping experiences. At the same time, it is putting new tools in the hands of retailers to help them reach, engage, and ultimately convert new customers. This does not only mean sales, but the new normal in the retail industry requires ensuring happy customers who will drive success. While e-commerce retailers are the primary beneficiaries of the rise of mobile devices, brick-and-mortar establishments can also take advantage of mobile innovations. These stores, or brick-and-mortar establishments, can differentiate themselves by making shopping fun and effortless, and by deploying tools that enhance business intelligence and training across the physical storefront and stockroom. The Neon Sign Goes Mobile MIT research shows that over 80 percent of in-store shoppers first visit online, and then in-person. Having some kind of online presence became important years ago, but customers are now becoming used to finding the information they want in whatever platform they are on at the moment. This means that users looking to shop will likely still access their smartphones for reviews, price comparisons or alternative products. If you're not careful, you might be victim to the so-called "showrooming" phenomenon, in which prospective customers go to your store only to see and touch the product in the flesh, but then purchase online where it might be cheaper. Retailers can empower their customers to find them anywhere with an omni-channel approach to marketing.  A website, a mobile app, and a few social media accounts can be easily created and linked together, and there are many tools and guides to help brick-and-mortar stores establish an omnipresent online presence. Another way for retailers to reach customers through mobile is location-based marketing, which alerts a device owner about offers from nearby businesses. Less than 10 percent of retailers are currently Building a Personal Connection A 2015 survey from mobile marketing company    Apptentive found that over half of consumers use retail mobile apps while shopping in-store. The question here is: what do they need the app in the store for? They are already in the store, with the products right in front of them. The answer is simple. Customers want to know more than the price and size. In the past, information was listed on signs, labels, and price tags, and the rest came from staff. Now customers can browse product details, comparisons, and customer reviews online while they are on location shopping. By using mobile innovation to shift the burden of listing off features and specifications to the shopper's device, retailers free up staff to add value by acting as a specialized assistant to the customer. Teach the customer how to use the product or app on the spot - in-store. Personalizing the in-store experience with product information embedded in augmented reality (AR) apps is becoming easy with investment from major tech companies like IBM and Google, and it provides a fun new way for customers to learn about products they are interested in. Retailers are just beginning to leverage AR, but Lenovo recently released a mobile device with support for Google's retail AR app Tango, which can help AR take off. An effective customer loyalty program provides the fun of progressing towards a reward. Retailers can give customers access to their loyalty program through a mobile app, to track their progress and consider their reward options on their own time, reinforcing their relationship with the retail brand even while miles away from the store. POS System Innovation Replaces Friction with Style One key area of mobile technology innovation for brick-and-mortar stores is the development of point of sale (POS) systems.  The modern POS system is no longer limited to a tool for the person processing the checkout. A connected POS system provides robust store management tools, along with a frictionless experience for the customer. Mobile technology is bringing different payment methods into the mainstream, and with the right POS system retailers can take payment however the customer prefers. It is particularly important to offer mobile payment options like PayPal and Apple Pay to appeal to younger customers, as 63 percent of adult millennials don't own a credit card.  Mobile POS systems for restaurants can enable staff to take any form of payment wherever the customer is sitting, including out on a patio. Allowing customers to pay how, where, and when they want removes friction from the payment experience. Using an innovative point of sale system that is mobile, connected, and flexible allows retailers to complete the closure of the item, while enhancing shopper's experience with options like email receipts and customer accounts. A good example here is Vend, which works on different devices, such as the iPad, Mac, and PC. Aside from simply providing POS capabilities, it also has a built in loyalty program and inventory management. Vend works online and in-store, and integrates with other retail apps to provide a custom management and customer experience solution. Running out of stock is another common source of friction for retail customers, one which is mitigated by a connected system with inventory management capabilities. The same platforms that make up an omni-channel marketing approach can be integrated with a POS system like Vend to sell products, making a brick-and-mortar store into the flagship of an omni-channel retail operation. This allows customers who leave without buying an item to change their minds and make the purchase from the store - from their computer or mobile when they get home, or even from their device on the way home. Innovative On-Site Retail Always Has the Edge Mobile technology has become so pervasive that it can be leveraged by the physical store just as much as the ecommerce-only shop. The difference is, as always, that the brick-and-mortar retailer can smile at a customer, shake their hand, and make a personal connection that is not available to online mega-stores like Amazon and eBay. Businesses that take advantage of mobile Innovations and provide the personal touch can provide a customer experience that cannot be matched by e-retailers with only one way to do business. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Aug 6, 2016 Advertisement
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Google is fixing Chrome’s slow, battery-hogging video playback on Android by Abhimanyu Ghoshal — in Apps 300 shares Google is rolling out Chrome version 52 on Android with a much-needed fix: improved video playback. It may not sound like much, but given that video consumption on mobile devices is steadily on the rise, browsers need all the help they can get. To that end, Google promises that Chrome will now load videos faster, play them more smoothly and consume less battery power. TNW Answers Your questions answered by founders, experts and thought leaders in business, design and tech. Join a chat In addition, the browser’s Data Saver feature now works with video, so you can save on carrier charges with this feature that loads lightweight (but also lower quality) versions of clips on webpages. The latest version should soon be available via Google Play, so you’ll want to update Chrome once it’s out to see the benefits from these fixes. Read next: You can now buy a $300 banana emoji sweater from this high fashion brand AndroidAppsGoogle Share on Facebook (31) Share on Twitter (210) Abhimanyu Ghoshal is a reporter from Bangalore, IN. Happy to hear your thoughts on abhimanyu@thenextweb.com or @aghoshal on Twitter. Abhimanyu is an avid gamer, street food gourmet and design connoisseur. Hit him up on Twitter, his site, or via mail: abhimanyu@thenextweb.com. Contact Mail Tweet Location Bangalore, IN Posts 2184 Posts / mo. 41.44   All posts by Abhimanyu > The latest articles around Google Google Play is adding support for introductory discounts on Android app subscriptions Abhimanyu Ghoshal See what the fuss is about: Enter to win a brand-new Google Pixel XL smartphone TNW Deals Google's Daydream View VR headset-controller combo hits stores next week Abhimanyu Ghoshal Shh. Here's some distraction Is Mark Zuckerberg onto something? TNW 5 ways to deal with expenses and reimbursements TNW with Expenditure Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal These omnidirectional conveyor belts are a total trip Juan Buis You can now learn the basics of coding with Disney's Moana Matthew Hughes I can't stop mashing up Twitter accounts with this hilarious website Juan Buis Comments Recommended A tale of tech giants: How Philips competes with the likes of Google to reinvent an entire industry Melissa Thompson Most popular 1 New Facebook feature lets you find nearby Wi-Fi Bryan Clark 2 Tesla powers an entire island with solar energy to flex its mighty panels Mix 3 Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal 4 The death of net neutrality begins today Bryan Clark 5 Study: 80 percent of students can't tell the difference between an ad and a news story Bryan Clark Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Uber Work that moves you Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Rejoice: Microsoft brings Solitaire to Android and iOS Napier Lopez This baby stealing its parents' phone is absolutely terrifying Juan Buis Nadella says next Microsoft phone will be the "ultimate mobile device" Napier Lopez The UK wants to give startups £400 million to prevent foreign buyouts Matthew Hughes Study: iPhone owners tend to be more superficial than Android users Mix Snag a pair of the world’s smallest charging cables for just $20 TNW Deals This iPhone still works after a year on the bottom of an icy lake Juan Buis Samsung is wrongly recalling older Galaxy smartphones as Note 7's Mix Google Pixel update brings nifty double-tap and raise-to-wake features Mix You can finally catch everyone's favorite in Pokémon Go Juan Buis Experts call on Clinton to challenge election results over hacking fears Abhimanyu Ghoshal Telegram launches Telegraph to let you publish articles anonymously Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook has reportedly built a tool to censor content in China Abhimanyu Ghoshal Twitter suspended CEO Jack Dorsey's account by mistake Abhimanyu Ghoshal Study: 80 percent of students can't tell the difference between an ad and a news story Bryan Clark @ThisIsSethsBlog Waiting for perfect is never as smart as making progress. Share Upcoming Events CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2016 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
null
null
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Collapse Expand Sections Home | World COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Opinion Cities World OffBeat Photos Schedule Trends People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts Head Of Google's Self-Driving Car Effort Hits The Road World | Agence France-Presse | Updated: August 06, 2016 14:23 IST EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS Google has driven its autonomous cars some 1.5 million miles with only a few minor dust-ups. San Francisco, United States:  The Chief Technology Officer for Google's self-driving car mission announced on Friday he would be hitting the road, and that the day marked his last at the company. Roboticist Chris Urmson said in a blog post that after leading the autonomous car team and helping make the leap from research to development, he is "ready for a fresh challenge." He did not specify what that challenge might be. "I have every confidence that the mission is in capable hands," Urmson said. "It has been a privilege and honor to be part of a team that has been at the forefront of bringing this life-saving technology to the world." Urmson joined what was then a secret project inside California-based Google a little more than seven years ago. Autonomous cars were among the big-vision ideas being pursued by an X Lab at Google at the time. Urmson had previously been a research scientist on a Carnegie Mellon University self-driving car team that fielded a contender in a competition by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, an arm of the US military focused on new technology. US media reported that Urmson may have been unhappy with the project's trajectory since a car industry executive was hired last year to turn it into its own company at Google parent Alphabet. "Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality," Google spokesman Johnny Luu said in response to an AFP inquiry. Luu maintained that Urmson is departing "with our warmest wishes" and would not comment on reports that he may have clashed with the team's new boss. Google has driven its autonomous cars some 1.5 million miles (2.4 million kilometers) with only some minor dust-ups. In May the company announced plans for its self-driving car program to put down roots in the Detroit area with a technology center. The facility will house engineers and others testing vehicles provided by Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, Alphabet said at the time. The 53,000 square foot (5,000 square meter) center will enable Google and its partners to "further develop and refine self-driving technology," according to Alphabet. Google added 100 new 2017 Chrysler Pacifica hybrid vehicles to its fleet of self-driving vehicles in a major expansion that same month. The collaboration with Fiat Chrysler marked the first time the internet giant has worked directly with an automaker to build self-driving vehicles. The tech giant began testing its autonomous driving technology in 2009 using a Toyota Prius equipped with Google equipment. It now has some 70 vehicles, including Lexus cars, adapted by Google in addition to its in-house designed cars unveiled in 2014. Trending Gadgets: Flipkart Says Over 1 Million Redmi 3S Units Sold in Less Than 4 Months Movies: Naga Chaitanya, Samantha Ruth Prabhu Are in Love and Trending. See Pic Profit: PM Modi's Cash Ban Is Bonanza For These Struggling Companies Related Google Sites Revamped, Now Available to All G Suite Users Google Glass May Slow Down Brain's Response Time: Study PM Modi's App on Top of Apple's App Store in Downloads, Searches Venezuela Opposition Says Vatican-Brokered Talks 'Frozen' Venezuela Opposition Says Vatican-Brokered Talks 'Frozen' Share this story on ALSO READ10-Point Guide To Chief Minister KCR's New 9-Acre Home Google self drive headRoboticist Chris UrmsonGoogle ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksBigg Boss 10RajinikanthShah Rukh KhanTanmay AgarwalBaahubali 2Parthiv PatelBookMyChotuVistaraGoAir ................................ Advertisement ................................ After India's Massive Attack At Line Of Control, Pak Army On Hotline In Cash Crunch, RBI Chief Urjit Patel 'Missing' Sole Survivor Of A Killing Spree Wonders 'Why Am I The One Who Was Left?' 10-Point Guide To Chief Minister KCR's New 9-Acre Home RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2016. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Obama: Michael Jordan is more than just a meme Rockefellers give Exxon Mobil lashing over the environment Apple's diversity numbers haven't moved much in a year Latest in Science NASA conducts second round of fire experiments in space 14m ago View The Morning After: Wednesday, November 23, 2016 6h ago View NASA says Ceres' brightest crater is made of salt 9h ago View Astronomers have found the roundest object in the universe 23h ago View Image credit: save Save share Feds give Google OK to test Project Wing drone deliveries The US government launched a $35 million program to expand the use of drones. Steve Dent , @stevetdent 08.02.16 in Politics Comments 1144 Shares Share Tweet Share Save The US Federal Aviation Authority (FAA) has been very cautious about drone testing in the US so far, but that's about to change. The FAA has granted Google's sister X division (under Alphabet) permission to test Project Wing delivery services below 400 feet at six sanctioned test sites, according to the White House. The flights will be part of a new push by the US National Science Foundation, which is spending over $35 million on unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) research and testing over the next five years Alphabet's Project Wing UAVs, first revealed in 2014, aren't like Amazon's drones -- they take off vertically then fly like a fixed-wing plane. While not as maneuverable as standard UAVs, they can fly much farther and carry more weight (see the video, below). Though the FAA released its final rules for drone operations in June, deliveries still aren't allowed. However, Alphabet has reportedly been testing them in the US anyway, skirting the regulations via a NASA waiver. It plans to launch the service commercially in 2017. Alphabet will be able to test drones with cargo beyond line-of-site, which is another current no-no by FAA rules. It will also "develop and deploy an open-interface, airspace management solution for safe low-altitude operations," according to the Feds. The initiatives were unveiled during a big event today that included keynotes from US Chief Technology Office Megan Smith, FAA Administrator Michael Huerta and Intel CEO Bryan Krzanich. The White House emphasized that government must be more flexible about allowing companies to test drones and other tech over US soil. Amazon, for one, was forced it to test its delivery drones in the UK due to restrictive US rules.Drones helped Fort McMurray firefighters, but they can hinder manned aircraft. (Chris Wattie/Reuters) The White House also unveiled a flurry of other initiatives. It wants the FAA to develop new regulations to "safely integrate [UAVs] in the airspace" and have them ready for comment by winter 2016. Further to that, it will create a UAV "safety team" that can analyze safety data and investigate accidents. It also enlisted NASA to help develop "detect and avoid" tech, with completion planned by 2020. FAA chief Huerta cited rescue operations and crop dusting as two big areas where drones could assist or replace manned aircraft. "Just last week, two people were killed in two different accidents involving crop dusters -– exactly the type of job a small unmanned aircraft could do with much less risk to people and property on the ground," he said. There are other studies planned around wildfire safety, drone racing, medical deliveries in hard-to-reach areas, public information about drones and more. For a complete list of the many, many initiatives, check the fact sheet. In this article: drone, DroneDeliveries, DroneFlight, google, NSF, politics, ProjectWing, robots, science, UAV, WhiteHouse By Steve Dent @stevetdent Steve should have known that engineering was not for him when he spent most of his time at university monkeying with his 8086 clone PC. Although he graduated, a lifelong obsession of wanting the "solitaire" win animation to go faster had begun. Always seeking a gadget fix, he dabbles in photography, video, 3D-animation, and is a licensed private pilot. He followed l'amour de sa vie from Vancouver, BC to France, and now lives near Paris. 1144 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 14m 14m ago in Space NASA conducts second round of fire experiments in space Saffire 2 burned nine different materials aboard a spacecraft. By M. Moon,  14m ago save Save share View 34m 34m ago in Transportation US proposes a phone 'driver mode' to reduce in-car distractions The NHTSA wants simplified interfaces when you're on the road. By J. Fingas,  34m ago save Save share View 54m 54m ago in Gadgetry 12 gifts for music nerds Synthesizers, turntables and high-end headphones. By T. O'Brien,  54m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in AV Ocean adventure 'Abzû' gets a glow-in-the-dark vinyl soundtrack Ordering over Thanksgiving will net you the limited bioluminescent edition. By T. Regan,  1h ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in AV Revisit 'Burnout: Paradise' for free on Xbox next month December’s Games with Gold lineup also includes "Sleeping Dogs" and "Outlast." By T. Regan,  1h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Toggle navigation World Economics Editorial Culture Society Politics Travel & Cuisine New Immigrant Sports & Entertainment Environment Food Safety & Health Journal de Taiwan 漢En 登入 保持登入 忘記密碼 登入 還不是會員嗎？註冊會員 忘記密碼 E-Mail 送出 返回登入頁  | Home Society Pokemon Go lands in Taiwan By Sophia Yang, Taiwan News, Staff Writer 2016/08/06 00:00 Pokemon Go lands in Taiwan Taiwan has finally joined the United States, Japan, and Hong Kong with the release the world’s favorite augmented reality game Pokemon Go on Saturday, according to the game’s official Twitter and Facebook accounts. Trainers in 15 new countries in Asia and Oceania will be able to download the game beginning August 6 from Apple’s App Store or Google Play. Aside from Taiwan, countries available for download include Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, Taiwan, Papua New Guinea, Fiji, Solomon Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, and Palau. Pokemon Go is an augmented reality game where players walk around the real world with a smartphone with an app installed to catch monsters. Pokestops, real world locations placed in the game, are used to acquire new items, mostly Pokeballs and eggs to hatch new Pokemon. Complaints have been received around Pokestops since players gather at these locales looking to maximize their progress and this has inconvenienced neighbors, according to the media. Also, in light of many injuries and violations reported in other countries due to Pokemon Go mania, Taiwan’s National Police Agency (NPA) and the Ministry of National Defense (MND) both issued reminders on the same day to Pokemon Go players, advising them to avoid intruding on private property and any prohibited military and restricted areas. In the statement, players are advised to be more aware of their surroundings, particularly on the road, to avoid injury or accident; entering private properties, restricted areas, and dangerous locations is definitely a no-no, according to the statement. Parents are advised to remind their children to be aware of their surroundings, watch for traffic, and keep an eye out for strangers. The agency also mentioned a cyber security risk if players downloaded a fake version of the Pokemon Go app with reports of a malicious Pokemon Go app installing backdoors on Android and causing financial loss. Will Pokemon Go be stopped by patent court? Before its release in Taiwan, the game was said to be delayed in the courts by a Taiwanese lawyer surnamed Wang who launched a patent lawsuit against Niantic, the developer of Pokemon Go. Wang Hsin, a former video game developer turned patent lawyer, is suing Niantic Labs for allegedly using his patent in the company’s previous game Ingress, the predecessor of Pokemon Go. Business Weekly reported that Wang, who has won cases for HTC against Apple as HTC's senior manager of legal affairs, IP strategy, and licensing, claims that Niantic’s Ingress contained features similar to his patent approved in December 2007. Attorney Tsai Kunchou was recently quoted as saying by the Chinese-language Apple Daily that the patent infringement case filed by Wang is unlikely to succeed as one position-tracking virtual reality game was launched in 2001 in the United States and a patent sharing similar features can also be found at USPTO (Patent number 6530841). Wang allegedly contacted Niantic early this year proposing a NT$100 million patent settlement for Ingress, which the company rejected in May. Experts said Wang’s requested settlement amount was too aggressive for a free online game. According to Apply Daily, Wang has filed a lawsuit in Taiwan’s Intellectual Property Court to request a recall of Ingress. A hearing is scheduled sometime in August. #PokemonGO is now available on Android and iOS devices in the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam, and Taiwan. pic.twitter.com/TJBfSzkSUl— Pokémon GO News (@PokemonGoNews) 2016年8月6日 ←Older Newer→ Updated : 2016-11-24 01:54 GMT+08:00 MOST POPULAR Strasbourg's Christmas market at Taipei 101 20 Thanksgiving dining options in Taipei Thailand waives visa fee for Taiwan, 18 nations Taipei high school opens first gender-neutral restrooms in Taiwan Canadian man savagely beats Taiwanese girlfriend on Taipei street Meet Hualien's Famous British Barber Google Map of Taiwan's Demolished and Burned Cultural Assets Torrential rain warnings issued for northern Taiwan Current foreign workers program outdated and unreasonable: KMT lawmaker Taiwanese woman opts for 'Stateless' over being branded 'Chinese' on Iceland ID About Us Contact Us Taiwan News © 2016 All Rights Reserved.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video Search Search Home Entertainment TV Netflix's 'Stranger Things' gets Virtual Reality treatment: The 360-degree online experience hints at Season 2? With all the new developments regarding the VR experience of the series, it seems that Season 2 won't take much time to go on air. Shubhang Saurav   August 6, 2016 13:38 IST 5 Shares 5 Shares Experience the world of 'Stranger Things' first-hand with the latest VR footageFacebook / Stranger Things Fans of Netflix's critically-acclaimed science fiction series "Stranger Things" can now explore the nostalgic world of the '80s Indiana, and experience the mysterious case of Will Byers first hand. "Stranger Things" is an intensely atmospheric series, full of deep mystery, dark secrets and terrifying thrills. Netflix has offered all the devoted fans to experience it all themselves with the recently released interactive 360-degree video footage. Why advertise with us? Related 5 reasons why you should watch Netflix original series 'Stranger Things' starring Winona Ryder Netflix original series 'Stranger Things' a throwback to '80s pop culture and fantasy-fiction stories The Stranger Things Online Experience released by Netflix will allow viewers to feel the excitement of the series as they will discover the shocking truth behind the disappearance of Will Byers in terrifying Virtual Reality (VR). So you need not wait any further. Find a quiet room, strap your Google Cardboard, plug in the headphones and let the world of "Stranger Things" surround you completely. The experience can also be enjoyed on the cellphone or the computer's browser directly, even if you don't have Google Cardboard or any other VR device. To find the suitable viewing option, CLICK HERE. Even if you have watched the entire Season 1 and have re-watched all the episodes multiple times, this VR experience will surely take your appreciation of the series to a different level. "Stranger Things" is currently streaming its first season on Netflix. The hit supernatural thriller chronicles the search for a young boy who vanishes into thin air under highly suspicious circumstances. His mother (Winona Ryder) opens an investigation into the boy's disappearance with local authorities that unravels a series of mysteries involving top-secret government experiments, terrifying supernatural forces and one very strange little girl. "Stranger Things" is a homage to the cult classics and pop culture of the science-fiction movies and novels of the '80s, especially that of Steven Spielberg and Stephen King. It stars Winona Ryder, David Harbour, Finn Wolfhard, Millie Brown, Gaten Matarazzo, Caleb McLaughlin, Noah Schnapp, Natalia Dyer, Cara Buono, Charlie Heaton, and Matthew Modine. Matt Duffer and Ross Duffer ("Wayward Pines," "Hidden") serve as writers, directors and showrunners of the series, and are executive producers, along with Shawn Levy and Dan Cohen via their 21 Laps entertainment banner ("The Spectacular Now," "Night at the Museum," "Real Steel," "Date Night"). Shawn Levy also serves as director. "Stranger Things" is a Netflix production. With all the popularity, new developments and recent revelations regarding the show, it seems that it won't be long before fans will finally get to see the second season of the series. Here is a video of the show's creators, Matt and Ross Duffer, and series stars, Millie Brown, Caleb McLaughlin, and Gaten Matarazzo going through The Stranger Things Experience: Post Comment IBT TV Close Kanye West cuts concert short after Kim Kardashian robbed at gunpoint Why advertise with us? Latest News MS Dhoni-The Untold Story breaks Akshay Kumar's Rustom record 3 minutes ago By Suparno Sarkar Shivaay comic book series: Ajay Devgn to launch first look at Comic Con Mumbai 9 minutes ago By Shekhar H Hooli Editor's Pick US suspends Syria ceasefire agreement with Russia Pope Francis calls gender identity classes in schools 'war against marriage' Why advertise with us? most popular MS Dhoni - The Untold Story 1st weekend box office collection: Sushanth's film crosses Rs 50 crore mark in 3 days MS Dhoni: The Untold Story collects Rs 24.10 crore at Indian box office on 3rd day, taking its 2st weekend domestic total to Rs 66 crore. MS Dhoni - The Untold Story hits a century at the worldwide box office in just 3 days Gross worldwide box office collection of MS Dhoni: The Untold Story crossed Rs 100 crore in the opening weekend. Pink 17-day box office collection: Amitabh Bachchan's film remains steady on 3rd week as well Box office collection of Pink remained steady in spite of the big release MS Dhoni: The Untold Story. Moon Lovers: Scarlet Heart Ryeo episode 12 live online: Yeon-hwa to move against Prince So, Hae Soo? King Taejo confronts Prince Wang So in Moon Lovers: Scarlet Heart Ryeo episode 12. After backlash for Salman Khan supporting Pakistani artists in India, Salim Khan slams haters Salman Khan's father Salim Khan took to Twitter and made sarcastic comments expressing support for Karan Johar and others. Box office collection: MS Dhoni: The Untold Story turns 2nd highest grossing film in 1st weekend in 2016 The Sushant Singh Rajput-starrer has thrashed the opening weekend collection records of Housefull 3, Fan and Rustom. Janatha Garage 5th weekend box office collection: Jr NTR's film crosses Rs 135 crore mark in 32 days Janatha Garage grosses Rs 1.75 crore at worldwide box office in 5th weekend, taking its 32 days total collection to Rs 135.45 crore. Moon Lovers Scarlet Heart Ryeo episode 13 live online: Yo chases Soo; Is Baek-ah really died? Queen Sinmyeongsunseong and Princess Yeon-hwa could make their next move against Crown Prince Wang Mu. Photo Gallery Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls Check out Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls. Jyothika at director Bramma' new movie sets Photos of South Indian Actress Jyothika at director Bramma Movie Shooting Spot. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Search Home Politics Business Akosua Cartoons Columnist Entertainment Editorial Health Sports What's New General News Visually-Impaired Voters To Vote Without Aides During 2016 Polls Politics I Will Change Ghana In 18 Months If You Vote For Me – Akufo-Addo Politics I Doubt The Election will Be Free And Fair – PPP Running Mate Business ICU Concerned Over Ghana’s GH¢112.4 Debt Rate Politics Nduom Jabs Mahama For IEA Debate Snub Columnist Yiee, Koo, Ghana Has Gone Bonkers Oh! August 6, 2016 By Cameron Duodu   Koo, if I tell you we are in trouble, will you believe me? – It depends on what sort of trouble you’re talking about? I mean if I wake up with only GH¢100 in my pocket, I do think I’m in trouble. But someone else may hitch his “trouble-sum” a bit higher – like say, 1,000! But that self-same person may think he’s in trouble because someone he – er- er – (coughs) you know, is not “picking” his calls…. – Ho, you call that “trouble”? That’s just one man’s headache! When I speak of trouble, I mean something that can affect everyone in this country, from Walewale to Wirenkyiren, and from Aboadzi to Abodom. – Ei, something like an earthquake? – Even earthquakes are limited to specific localities, the most vulnerable of which are known as epicentres. What I am talking about is something like a total eclipse of the sun! – Eh? You think something like that has spread its wings over God’s Own Gold Coast? – Okay, Koo: do you know how many articles have appeared on the Internet about the “Montie Trio”? – Do you think I am stupid enough to waste my time counting such things? – It may not be such a waste of time. It would indicate to you, the psychological state of the country in which you have invested so much time and resources. – Ah? – You say “AH?” Listen: if you Google “Montie Trio” alone, you get ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY-EIGHT THOUSAND entries! And remember they became known as the “Montie Trio” only recently. At first, they were referred to merely as the “contemnors” (57,300 entries)… — You’re kidding me? – No, I jest not! Google says that as many as 185,000 people have taken the trouble to sit at a computer and write something about the “Montie Trio Contemnors!” – Now, suppose someone came from the moon and asked you who the “Montie Trio Contemnors” were, what would you say? – That they are three so-called panelists on a show on Montie Radio who filled with the sort of omnipotence that’s often self-bestowed by people who believe they have political power, recounted with sadistic glee, how three judges and an army officer were killed on 30 June 1982 over a judicial issue. They warned the Supreme Court Judges of today not to forget what happened that day, and to not dare to overturn the wishes of the Electoral Commission on what names should remain in the Electoral register… – That was all? – Yes. Because of names in the electoral register, they went nuclear-ballistic! They threatened Supreme Court judges with a gruesome death on account of the names of people whose voting intentions they did not even know?? – Not only that– one of them threatened that the Chief Justice, who, as you know is a married woman, would be forcibly “married” to someone else on the day of “revenge”! – And there are people in Ghana who consider that this is a subject matter upon which so much breath should be wasted? – Yes. By now, the figure of computer entries on the subject may have risen to 200,000 and over! – It’s bonkers, I agree. – Academics have had their say. Some say “free speech” must not be fettered by judicial “tyranny”, in the form of punishment for contempt of court – You mean these academics are happy to live in a country in which vulgar verbal radio terrorists can threaten the Lady Chief Justice with rape? – Koo, I am not surprised at the academics. They can always be depended upon to say that there are “two schools of thought” (if not more) on any subject under the sun! What has shocked me is the fact that two lady Ministers have found it possible to append their signatures to a petition urging their own President to pardon the verbal terrorists. – In other words, they do not regard the threat of raping the Lady Chief Justice as a reprehensible enough crime to merit a prison sentence amounting to a mere four months, that may be reduced if the prisoners are of “good behaviour”? – Yes! Only Shakespeare can do “justice” to this situation: O judgement, Thou art fled to Brutish beasts And (wo)men have lost their reason! My heart is on the Bench there with the CJ And I must pause till it come back to me! – You see, Koo, the action of the two lady Ministers is characteristic of a trend in this country at the moment that enables otherwise respectable persons to close their eyes to any wrong-doing, so long as it occurs in the political realm. I am sure that neither of the lady Ministers would want their brother, or their son, or their husband (if any) to use such uncouth words laced with terrorist propensities, to apply to any other woman. But when it comes to politics, then the Chief Justice becomes a mere wooden object (of the type cited in the Twi proverb: “If [the wound] is on someone else, it’s as if it were on a piece of wood!”). Even feminist solidarity need not apply– – Yes. And Koo, this case, which in every civilized society, would be an open-and-shut one, is what the Mighty Ghanaian intellect is exercised about? – Yes – Forget about galamsey! – Forget about dumsor and single-source contracts! – Forget about the lack of democracy at the local government level. – Talk, talk and talk again, about petitions to the President; about contempt of court; and about the exercise of freedom of speech. But flay anyone who uses freedom of speech to say that our body politic has gone absolutely bananas!   Tags: columnist Share this article: Previous Post Parliament Ratifies Climate Change Agreement Next Post The Cost Of Hunger Recent Posts Visually-Impaired Voters To Vote Without Aides During 2016 Polls November 23, 2016 I Will Change Ghana In 18 Months If You Vote For Me – Akufo-Addo November 23, 2016 I Doubt The Election will Be Free And Fair – PPP Running Mate November 23, 2016 ICU Concerned Over Ghana’s GH¢112.4 Debt Rate November 23, 2016 Nduom Jabs Mahama For IEA Debate Snub November 23, 2016 @DailyGuideAFTweets Location : 2nd turn left, opposite Nima Police Station, turn right to Stephen Amartey Close, Nima Residential Phone : (+233) 302 229 576 | (+233) 302 232 760 | (+233) 302 231 459 © 2016 Daily Guide Africa. All right Reserved | Powered by Tuttifrutti.
null
null
Jobs Jobs Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email Wednesday 23 November 2016 WexfordPeople.ie News Opinion Courts Sport GAA Soccer Other Sports Out & About Business Lifestyle Local Notes Deaths Galleries Search Go We need leaders with a calm touch By Fr Michael Commane - The Way I See It Published 06/08/2016 | 00:00 0 Comments Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Up until last Wednesday if you did a Google search of the word 'father' first up was 'Father Ted'. That changed on Wednesday. On that day the search resulted in the name 'Fr Jacques Hamel' appearing on the screen. Fr Jacques, the 86-year-old priest who was brutally murdered by 'radicalised' young men. A neighbour, who knew Fr Jacques, said: "The man was a very good man, this man did his job to the very end. He was old but always available to everyone." Shocking, no words can adequately describe the horror. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments What's going on in the world? Is it just because it is now in our backyard that we are getting worried. What's been going on for years across the middle east? How many people are dying daily in Afghanistan, Iraq, South Sudan? We shrug our shoulders. The killings of young black men and the shooting dead of police officers in the United States have certainly attracted our attention. In that mix there has been the arrival of Donald Trump. He shouts and roars. He promises to build a wall between the US and Mexico. He has other plans too. Among them is to make America great again. Is America not great enough? Last week at the Democratic convention in Philadelphia Mrs Michelle Obama eloquently pointed out that America is great. She went on to say that it's the greatest country on earth. There seems to be an element or sense of violence surrounding Donald Trump. Maybe it's just an election gimmick to win the vote. Or is it more than that? Watching the Republican convention in Cleveland the previous week with all the screaming and roaring, maybe mass hysteria, one could easily think back to Hitler's Nürnberg rallies. Is that too harsh? I don't think so. The management team at Mercedes said that Hitler was a clown but they also agreed that German industry would be able to control him if he became chancellor. In France people who would never have considered voting for Marine Le Pen are now openly saying they will vote for her. In Germany the right wing AfD are a betting certainty to make big wins in German state and federal elections. They want to topple the 'political elite'. It seems that the 'political elite' is despised and once a politician says that they must be brought down a peg or two then they are sure to gain votes. Is that not part of the Brexit phenomenon? The 'political elite' is a new war cry, a new sort of hash tag. One can blame 'them' for everything. And you can use whatever means you like to get rid of them. Is it some sort of populism gone mad? And all the time there seems to be an underlying violence lurking there or thereabouts. It's scary. Presenters on US right-wing radio stations are ratcheting up the level of hatred against Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. What effect does that sort of language have on young men and women, especially those with unsound minds? Is that not a form of 'radicalising'? The difference this time is that those doing the roaring and screaming are on 'our side'. Two wrongs don't make a right. Revenge never works. We need leaders with a calm touch, wise women and men, who will serve the people who elect them. Wexford People Read More Award winning Creacon Lodge is an oasis of calm  As the stress of preparing for Christmas reaches fever pitch in the coming weeks some rest and relaxation is just what the doctor order. Sponsored by Kathleen celebrates her 100th birthday  By david tucker Kathleen Prendergast from Knockskimolin, Oulart, was born the same year as the Uprising. A pretty little fern owing its name to curative properties  By Jim Hurley - Nature Trail Maidenhair Spleenwort is a pretty little fern that is very common and widespread. It grows well in areas rich in lime but is by no means confined to regions with limestone rock; it has spread far and wide... Most Read Award winning Creacon Lodge is an oasis of calm  Lifestyle Finding the right cough mixture for you  Lifestyle A pretty little fern owing its name to curative properties  Lifestyle Promoted articles News Huge numbers expected at Wexford on Ice Preparations are under way for this year's Wexford... Out & About Wexford ALDI staff raise funds for MS Ireland Aldi has announced that the Wexford South Branch of... News Wexford cyclists are on a roll with annual fundraisers A group of local cyclists got the wheels in motion for... News Golf club fundraisers go off to a tee Former Lady Captain at St Helen's Bay Golf Club... News Loreto Wexford gives back to Hospice Homecare Loreto Wexford had a jam-packed schedule of events... News Annual coffee morning at Boggan's will brew up funds for Wexford Hospice Homecare Members of the community are invited to pay a warm toast to the staff at Wexford Hospice... News Kennedy Park School launches super new website Kennedy Park School has launched a super new... News Ireland's Biggest Coffee morning pulls in People from Wexford town and its environs brewed up funds as part of Ireland's Biggest Coffee morning and as a result, €14,329.57... News Sheridan Insurances confirm move to the Arc WEXFORD businessman Ciarán Sheridan has officially announced that Sheridan Insurances are moving from the town centre to... News Paudie was Mayor of Cleariestown Mr. Patrick (Paudie) Duff who died recently, was a... News By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Courts Opinion Weather Sport GAA Soccer Other Sports Out & About Business Lifestyle Local Notes Galleries Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email Search Go Mobile site Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © WexfordPeople.ie WexfordPeople.ie News Opinion Courts Sport GAA Soccer Other Sports Out & About Business Lifestyle Local Notes Deaths Search Go
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Apple NASDAQ:AAPL Apple acquires artificial intelligence startup Turi for $200m – reports The deal reflects Apple's efforts to gain an edge over Google, Facebook and Amazon in the AI space. By Kedar Grandhi August 6, 2016 05:33 BST Close Embed Feed Apple could be the biggest winner from Pokemon Go's success IBTimes UK <iframe src="http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/videos/embed/19561" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe> Apple is said to have acquired Turi, a machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI) startup, based in Seattle, US. The news was confirmed by various unnamed sources who pegged the deal value at around $200m (£153m; € 180.39m). Upon contacting Apple on the same, the California, US headquartered technology giant said, "Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans," according to GeekWire, an American technology news website. GeekWire said this was a standard comment Apple was known to give after making such acquisitions. Apple has since 2015 made 15 acquisitionsGetty Images It added that the deal reflected Apple's efforts to increase its presence in the Seattle region, where it has been building an engineering presence for the past two years. The Washington city is said to become an epicenter for the emerging AI industry. Another news report citing unnamed sources said that the deal reflected Apple's efforts to gain an edge over Google, Facebook and Amazon in the AI space. The source said these tech giants were particularly interested in a field known as pervasive computing, where the software tries to automatically infer what a user wants. The person added that Turi's technology could be integrated into Siri, Apple's intelligent personal assistant and knowledge navigator. This could in turn help define new ways for computers to interact with people, the person added. For Apple, the acquisition comes at a time, when the company is seeing a decline in sales of its flagship product, the iPhone. It has since 2015, made 15 acquisitions of which two are in the AI/machine learning space. These include Perceptio and VocalIQ, both of which are start-ups similar to Turi. Turi, which has raised more than $25m till date, was formerly known as Dato and GraphLab. It began as an open-source project at Carnegie Mellon in 2009. Its products include Turi Machine Learning Platform, GraphLab Create, Turi Distributed, and Turi Predictive Services. These are designed better evaluate data and are used for various purposes such as fraud detection, predicting customer churn, sentiment analysis, customer segmentation and recommendation engines. More from IBTimes UK Apple working on wireless earbuds powered with custom Bluetooth chip - Report Apple releases iOS 9.3.4 with important security patch for iPhone and iPad OxygenOS 2.2.2 rolling out to OnePlus X with various enhancements and bug fixes Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Columnists Alastair Campbell “Clinton voters and Remainers are too gracious in defeat - it's time to become bad losers READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2... What is the Snooper's Charter and should you be worried? Here's everything you need to know The Investigatory Powers Bill will be signed into UK law later this... Black Friday: Best washing machine deals and home appliance discounts The biggest and best discounts on home appliance and white goods from... Don't crucify our geeks: Why Lauri Love's extradition is setting a dangerous precedent Accused of hacking FBI and Nasa systems, Love faces the prospect of... Telegram takes on Tumblr and Medium with anonymous blogging tool called Telegraph Ultra-secure blog site supports embedded content, photos and markdown... Sony accused of censoring negative feedback on its Bravia TVs ahead of Black Friday sales rush Sony has reportedly deleted threads raising issues with its 4K Bravia... Tor Phone: Privacy activists developing super private and secure version of Android Tor Project launching new version of Tor-enabled Android phone... Apple and Samsung must block phone use while driving, urge road safety regulators US road safety agency issues guidelines for phone makers to curb... Snooper's Charter spy law could be 'badly misused' by a future government expert warns Academic Paul Bernal slammed UK Labour Party for 'political... Google may reach settlement with Indonesia over its back taxes - Report As per an earlier calculation, Indonesia might have to pay a tax bill... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Special Report Iran-backed Shia militias tried to launch a charm offensive - but Isis had other ideas About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (4) Post your comment Google to shut down Android Wears Together on September 30 06 August, 2016 A new update to the Android Wear companion app confirms that Google will cease to continue service of the Together feature which was only out for almost a year. The feature will no longer work after September 30 as Google mentions in a pop up message. Together is a watch face that allowed you to send messages to others using the same watch face. It allows you to send little drawings and emoji to your friends or loved ones for instant communication. The features arent completely going away, though. Android Wear 2.0 will bring more interactive watch faces with communication features like Together so the original watch face is no longer needed and will be removed out of redundancy. Via 1 | Via 2 Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Google loses lead self-driving car engineer Chris Urmson Google loses lead self-driving car engineer Chris Urmson Posted on Friday, August 5, 2016 by CNN in Business News Google’s self-driving car team just lost one of its long-time engineers. Chief technology officer Chris Urmson, who has been with the project since it began in 2009, announced his departure Friday afternoon in a Medium post. Urmson did not give a reason for leaving and didn’t say where he would would head next. “After leading our cars through the human equivalent of 150 years of driving and helping our project make the leap from pure research to developing a product that we hope someday anyone will be able to use, I am ready for a fresh challenge,” Urmson said in the post. When Google first launched its then-secret project to build self-driving cars, it hired a core team of 15 engineers, including Urmson. Led by Sebastian Thrun, the group went from driving modified Prius cars on closed courses, to testing custom-built Google vehicles on public roads in states like California and Nevada. The self-driving car group is part of X, a stand-alone division under parent company Alphabet. When Thrun left the group in 2013, Urmson took over as the project lead. Last year, the group brought on former Hyundai America CEO John Krafcik to lead the self-driving car project. Urmson is the latest long-time engineer to leave X. Anthony Levandowski and three other ex-Google engineers started self-driving truck company Otto earlier this year. All parties painted the latest departure as amicable, though the New York Times reported that Urmson had been unhappy with the direction the group was taking. “Chris has been a vital force for the project, helping the team move from a research phase to a point where this life-saving technology will soon become a reality. He departs with our warmest wishes,” said Google spokesperson Johnny Luu in a statement. Krafick tweeted a link to the Medium post on Friday and said, “Chris is an incredible colleague & leader. Thank you for your passion & humility. Good luck on your new adventures!” Urmson was experimenting self-driving technology years before Google. As a researcher at Carnegie Mellon University, he was part of a team that competed in the 2005 DARPA Grand Challenge. The technology has came a long way since those first competitions, and engineers like Urmson are sought after at startups and large car companies alike. Olympic opening ceremony gets off to colorful, if bloated, start Judge dismisses debate lawsuit filed by Gary Johnson and Jill Stein Related Posts Adult dating site hack exposes sexual secrets of millions Microsoft collaborates on software for the legal marijuana industry West Coast ports shut down as labor dispute heats up Composer creates 8 hour album to put people to sleep Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Apple Acquires Machine Learning Startup Turi By Tyler Lee on 08/05/2016 17:35 PST Does Apple have bigger plans for AI/machine learning? We know that the company’s rivals such as Google are heavily invested in the technology, especially considering the launch of Google Assistant, an AI that learns more about you the more you use it. That being said, it certainly sounds like Apple is interested. According to a report from GeekWire, they have learnt that Apple has recently acquired machine learning AI startup Turi. In a statement provided to GeekWire, the company gave a rather boilerplate response which reads, “Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans.” GeekWire’s sources have also told them that the deal is said to be worth around $200 million. Following the acquisition, Turi is expected to remain in Seattle, meaning that it sounds like Apple plans on keeping them intact as opposed to shutting them down and just keeping their technology and some key personnel. This isn’t the first machine learning AI company that Apple has acquired. According to TechCrunch, back in 2015 Apple acquired Perceptio, a company that specializes in machine learning and image recognition. It is unclear yet as to what Apple has planned for Turi, but given what Apple’s rivals have done with Google Now, Google Assistant, Cortana, and etc., it is possible that Apple might be trying to improve its efforts with Siri, but we guess only time will tell. Filed in Apple. Read more about ai. Related Articles 2016-11-21 Computers Are Now Better At Lip-Reading Than Humans 2016-11-15 Google Translate Gets A Neural Machine Translation Upgrade 2016-11-15 Visabot Is A Chat Bot That Helps You Apply For US Visas 2016-11-14 Google’s RAISR Upscales Images Using Machine Learning 2016-11-06 Foursquare Wants To Make ‘Her’ Movie A Reality iOS Flaw Lets Anyone Access Your Photos Without A Passcode Stephen Hawking Thinks Humanity Has About 1,000 Years Left Coca-Cola's Selfie Bottle Snaps A Pic Whenever You Take A Sip Amazon’s iPhone App Lets To See What’s In Your Boxes Domino’s In New Zealand Begin Testing Pizza Delivery By Drones This $5 Device Can Hack A Password-Protected Computer In Seconds User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
SearchITChannel Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchITChannel MicroscopeUK SearchCloudProvider SearchSecurity SearchStorage SearchNetworking SearchCloudComputing SearchConsumerization SearchDataManagement SearchBusinessAnalytics Topic Solution provider and MSP software How to Manage a Channel Business View All Business management strategies Solution provider staffing MSP Business Model Certification and Training IT market research Channel Partner Programs View All IT Distributors/Wholesale Providers Technology Vendors/OEMs How to Grow Sales and Customers View All Channel Conflict How to Choose the Right Technologies How to Sell Technology in the Channel New emerging technologies in the IT channel Vertical Markets in IT How to Manage a Channel Business View All Business management strategies Solution provider and MSP software Solution provider staffing MSP Business Model Certification and Training IT market research Networking Channel View All Network Installation and Administration Computer Networking Certifications Network Management Services Network Planning and Design Open Source Network Tools SDN technologies and products SMB Business Networks Virtual Private Network (VPN) Virtualization Networking Services VoIP and unified communications Wireless Networks Security Channel View All Application security and data protection Identity management and access controls Information Security Training and Certification Introductory Security Services Network security products, technologies, services Regulatory Compliance Threat management and prevention Storage Channel View All Data Backup and Data Protection Data Storage Hardware Data Storage Management MSPs/Storage as a Service Network-Attached Storage (NAS) Regulatory Compliance Services Remote Storage Management Storage Area Network (SAN) Storage Virtualization Systems Channel View All Application Servers and Management Solutions Cloud Computing and Hosted Services Computer and IT systems management Computer Hardware Sales, Installation, Maintenance Database management Desktop computers and mobile devices Server Management Server Operating Systems: Windows, Linux and Unix Systems Integration and Management Virtualization Technology and Services Topics Archive View All IT Channel Resources Please select a category Channel Partner Programs How to Grow Sales and Customers How to Manage a Channel Business Networking Channel Security Channel Storage Channel Systems Channel Section News News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Market Share ChannelCon 2016: Cloud and data protection moves at CompTIA show by John Moore Site Editor Vendors in the cloud and data protection markets were among the partner-oriented companies making moves at CompTIA ChannelCon 2016. This Article Covers Solution provider and MSP software RELATED TOPICS Business management strategies Solution provider staffing MSP Business Model Certification and Training IT market research Looking for something else? ConnectWise software takes strides toward a unified suite Autotask extends its MSP platform with file backup IT channel partners: Catch up on trends with this quiz TECHNOLOGIES Cloud computing stack Cloud service providing Conferences & tradeshows Data security & protection MSPs Partnering PRODUCTS Microsoft Azure + Show More Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Barracuda's Intronis brand launches firewall for MSPs – SearchITChannel MSP partners main driver behind Barracuda/Intronis ... – SearchITChannel Credentialing process helps IT service providers ... – SearchITChannel Sponsored News Considerations for Deploying Hybrid Clouds on Microsoft® Azure™ and Cloud ... –Rackspace Prevent Vulnerability in the Cloud: Fulfill Your End of the ... –Splunk Vendor Resources Learn How to Back Up Data Created in the Cloud –SearchDataBackup.com Giving Small Businesses the Recovery Capabilities they Need –Datto, Inc. Several channel-related announcements spun out of CompTIA's recently concluded ChannelCon 2016 conference. Here are a few examples: Unigma, a unified cloud management platform vendor that targets IT service providers, unveiled its Cloud Comparison Calculator, which compares costs among   Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud and Microsoft Azure. The calculator, demonstrated at CompTIA's ChannelCon 2016, is currently in beta release. The calculator gives users a taste of Unigma's multicloud management platform, which lets managed service providers (MSPs) and cloud partners track metrics from AWS, Google and Azure via a single pane of glass, according to the company. The platform also includes cost management and reporting features. Download this free guide Could Securing Your Channel Business Be Easier? We Can Help. Download our latest guide to the top strategies solution providers can leverage for starting up and securing a cloud practice, successful approaches to selling and marketing cloud, and why it is urgent for partners to transition now. Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. Kirill Bensonoff, who founded Unigma in January, said the company's early customers tend to be organizations driven by Azure. He said customers typically are those getting into Azure and their first foray into managed cloud, or organizations that have been doing business with AWS and are looking at Azure as a second cloud provider. "Azure is definitely the one that is kind of picking up the cloud migration within the IT service provider community," Bensonoff said. "Azure is always first in terms of what we are developing -- not to say the others are too far behind." Bensonoff is also co-founder of ComputerSupport.com, an MSP and cloud service provider in Framingham, Mass. He said he is focused on Unigma now, but is still involved in the management of ComputerSupport.com. Datto executives will soon be traveling to Southeast Asia to get the company's newly opened Singapore office off the ground. From the Singapore hub, Datto will support its channel customers in Hong Kong, Indonesia and Malaysia, among other areas. In North America, meanwhile, the company launched a data center in Calgary, Alberta, giving the company a bicoastal data center presence in Canada. The company's other Canadian facility is in Toronto. Singapore and Calgary are a long way from Datto's origins in founder Austin McChord's Connecticut basement, a journey McChord outlined in his ChannelCon 2016 keynote presentation. Datto, a backup and business continuity vendor, based in Norwalk, Conn., sells exclusively through the channel. Also in the data protection space, Barracuda Networks Inc. at ChannelCon 2016 debuted a virtual appliance version of Barracuda Backup -- Intronis MSP Edition. The virtual appliance is sold as a subscription and is available in North America and Europe. Neal Bradbury, senior director of business development for Barracuda's Intronis business, said the extension to the Intronis backup appliance line will create more opportunities for channel partners with customers running virtual environments. Barracuda earlier this year rolled out an MSP-oriented firewall appliance under the Intronis label. Also at ChannelCon 2016, AVG Business added D&H Distributing to its roster of distribution partners. AVG late in 2015 announced its distribution strategy and has been inking deals with distributors in 2016. Other news for the week of Aug. 1 Paessler AG, a network monitoring vendor, said its North American channel sales grew 16% in the first half of 2016, with the revenue expanding 20% among the company's largest partners. The company has revamped its Partner Marketing Toolbox, which offers turnkey campaigns and education resources. Paessler's new training platform, meanwhile, aims to boost partners' selling and technical capabilities, according to the company. The Market Share is a news roundup published on SearchITChannel every Friday. Next Steps Learn more about cloud management tools Find out about disaster recovery as a service in the data protection market Read about a CompTIA report on IT service providers and the cloud Dig Deeper on IT solution provider and managed services software All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve ConnectWise software takes strides toward a unified suite MSP ticketing system: New UI draws round of applause IT documentation as vital as backups for MSPs Autotask extends its MSP platform with file backup Load More View All ConnectWise software takes strides toward a unified suite Autotask extends its MSP platform with file backup IT channel partners: Catch up on trends with this quiz RMM tool: Pulseway debuts MSP-specific monitoring product Load More View All News MSP ticketing system: New UI draws round of applause IT documentation as vital as backups for MSPs IT channel partners: Catch up on trends with this quiz Remote monitoring and management tools: Some assembly required Load More View All Get started IT channel partners: Catch up on trends with this quiz IT services: Remote monitoring and management to get boost in 2016 RMM software: Should MSPs buy baked-in security? Ancillary MSP tools add an edge to managed service practices View All Evaluate MSP software: Automating your way to success MSP operations: Channel seeks automated systems to address pain points Help desk ticket system approach: Should users file their own tickets? Managed services pricing, quoting relies on custom-commercial tools mix View All Manage MSP ticketing system: New UI draws round of applause View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Handbook MSP software: Automating your way to success John Moore asks: Which channel-related announcements at ChannelCon 2016 will have the biggest effect on the market? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] John Moore - 5 Aug 2016 10:50 AM Which channel-related announcements at ChannelCon 2016 will have the biggest effect on the market? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Microscope Cloud Provider Security Storage Networking Cloud Computing Consumerization Data Management Business Analytics MicroscopeUK Beit Issie Shapiro/Google Campus event recap Nick Booth shares his thoughts from the recent Beit Issie Shapiro/Google Campus event which looked at how technology can help ... Chancellor puts innovation centre stage in last Autumn Statement Chancellor Philip Hammond used his first and last Autumn Statement to focus on the UK productivity gap and announced a series of ... Demystifying the myths of the channel and the cloud Niko Mykkanen, head of partner channel strategy, Amazon Web Services EMEA, shares some thoughts about the way the channel can ... SearchCloudProvider Tips to align cloud computing strategies with clients' business goals Many organizations remain puzzled about how cloud computing should integrate with their overall business objectives, creating an ... Rackspace partner strategy seeks to scale company through alliances With a renewed channel strategy in place, the company's channel chief said work is well underway to make its alliances key to ... SaaS consulting shakeout: Appirio deal signals end of era Wipro's pending purchase of Appirio, a cloud services firm, would further reduce the number of independent cloud consultancies in... SearchSecurity Digital Guardian for Data Loss Prevention: Product overview Expert Bill Hayes examines Digital Guardian for Data Loss Prevention and more of the vendor's DLP product lineup, which cover ... Risk & Repeat: Will Rule 41 changes become cybersecurity law? In this Risk & Repeat podcast, SearchSecurity editors discuss the controversial Rule 41 changes and what they mean for law ... N.Y. DA wants to turn back the clock on smartphone encryption The Manhattan district attorney said his office has hundreds of locked iOS devices and called on Apple to open up its smartphone ... SearchStorage WD ActiveScale P100 joins HGST Active Archive System Western Digital introduced an entry-level ActiveScale P100 object storage system for users with lower scalability needs than its ... Seagate ClusterStor HPC includes CS300N for Lustre, GPFS file storage Seagate claims the ClusterStor 300N system achieves 16 Gbps per box and 112 Gbps per 42U rack, with Nytro intelligence ... Virtual Instruments buys Xangati, expands VirtualWisdom Virtual Instruments acquires Xangati for its networking and virtualization monitoring expertise. The company plans to integrate ... SearchNetworking The ways you can make Wave 2 wireless work for you The introduction of Wave 2 wireless and 802.11ac products promises to deliver improved performance and other networking benefits ... Tips to understand different TCP port-scanning techniques TCP port scanning detects vulnerabilities within networks, and knowing the different scans available can help network ... Cisco patent infringement avoided, new Arista OSes OK to import Federal officials have cleared Arista's newer switches for importation to the U.S. after trade officials found older Arista ... SearchCloudComputing Prevent ransomware threats to cloud apps with backup, security tools As ransomware attacks become more sophisticated, cloud-based applications are at risk. Use continuous backup and educate end ... Explore Microsoft Azure automation options and tools Cloud admins can use a variety of tools and methods to automate Azure deployments. Decide whether runbooks, DSC or other ... Combat the latest cloud security challenges and risks Enterprises continue to put cloud security strategies at the top of their to-do lists. Learn the latest cloud security risks and ... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchDataManagement Big data pipeline drives change in Hadoop architecture, development A move to fast data analytics and real-time processing could bring change to the big data pipeline. Microservices are edging into... Data trust gap confronts analytics -- time to open the 'black box' C-suite honchos sign off on analytics tool purchases and then wonder what they've wrought. But data trust can build if ... Following a notion for SQL, architect creates NoSQL data modeling notation Ted Hills, an enterprise architect at LexisNexis and the author of a recent book on NoSQL data modeling, discusses the ins and ... SearchBusinessAnalytics Business should work with IT to get self-service BI governance right Self-service is all about getting IT out of the way of the business, but traditional tech workers can play a useful role in ... Creative projects leave people guessing about future impact of AI A push is underway to write creative AI algorithms that can engage in music, film and design projects. So far, they have ... Data visualization plays an important role in a big data environment Enterprises are increasingly putting data visualization tools, like Tableau, at the top of their big data platforms to start ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2006 - 2016, TechTarget Close
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan CTO of Google's self-driving car project steps down Chris Urmson is leaving after more than seven years with Google's self-driving car team. By Stephanie Condon for Between the Lines | August 6, 2016 -- 00:29 GMT (17:29 PDT) | Topic: Innovation Chris Urmson, the CTO of Google's self-driving car project, is stepping down after more than seven years with the unit. "After leading our cars through the human equivalent of 150 years of driving and helping our project make the leap from pure research to developing a product that we hope someday anyone will be able to use, I am ready for a fresh challenge," he wrote on Medium, noting that Friday was his last day as CTO. Autonomous vehicles are expected to hit the road in the US in just a few short years, but Google's self-driving cars are still in development. According to the New York Times, Urmson has been unhappy with the direction of the car project under the leadership of John Krafcik, the former Hyundai Motor America chief Google hired last year. Urmson made no mention of that in his Medium post. "I have every confidence that the mission is in capable hands," he wrote. A problem-solving approach IT workers should learn from robotics engineers Sometimes the most profound solution is to change the entire problem. Read More Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Big Data Analytics Data to analytics to AI: From descriptive to predictive analytics Mobility New long-lasting 'battery' can charge in seconds, doesn't degrade Internet of Things Internet of Trash: The printable electronics you can just throw away Samsung Samsung bets big on quantum dot TV, snaps up QD Vision × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Mobile Computing Benchmark allegedly reveals Nexus Sailfish specifications By Tim Schiesser on Aug 5, 2016, 7:30 AM TechSpot The specifications for one of Google's new Nexus devices has allegedly been revealed through graphics benchmark GFXBench. It appears as though someone ran the benchmark on a pre-release unit, which allowed the software to capture almost all of the phone's hardware information. The device in question is the Nexus 'Sailfish', the smaller of the two Nexus devices that are expected to be released in the coming months. According to GFXBench data, this handset packs a 5.0-inch 1080p display and uses Qualcomm's powerful Snapdragon 820 SoC. We're also looking at 4 GB of RAM and 32 GB of storage. As for cameras, the Sailfish reportedly includes a 12-megapixel rear camera and an 8-megapixel front camera. The software on the Sailfish is listed as "Android NMR1", which indicates this handset is running the Nougat Manufacturer Release 1 as expected. Previous rumors have suggested the Sailfish will be produced by HTC, and will include features like USB-C and a rear fingerprint sensor, similar to current Nexus devices. Considering HTC's design prowess, hopefully the Sailfish is one of the better looking Nexus devices. The Sailfish is expected to launch alongside a second Nexus handset, codenamed Marlin. This phone is rumored to pack a larger 5.5-inch 1440p display, although most other hardware should be similar to the smaller Sailfish. Considering the release dates of past Nexus phones, we could be looking at a September launch for these new handsets. Related Reads Nexus Player and Nexus 9 tablet round out the new Nexus lineup Jolla's crowdfunded tablet running Sailfish OS 2.0 now available for pre-order Samsung's Galaxy S7 hardware revealed in benchmark results 1 comment 92 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… Snapdragon 835 launched along with Quick Charge 4.0 The Best Computer Mice ADATA SE730 External Rugged SSD Review Popular 10 comments The Best Video Game Gamepad Controllers The Best Mice: Overall + Gaming, Wireless, Travel & More Load Comments 1 ... User Comments: 1 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 8 Rebuilding a PC 14 I am going to build my next super PC Please tell me your thoughts 10 Budget gaming build 17 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 110 Which is your favorite PC component manufacturer? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google Security Dashlane, Google launch OpenYOLO for simple, secure logins By Jose Vilches on Aug 5, 2016, 5:30 PM TechSpot It’s no secret Google wants to get rid of passwords altogether, but in the meantime the company wants to make managing our dozens or hundreds of accounts a little easier. To that end it has teamed up with password manager startup Dashlane to launch the OpenYOLO API -- don’t worry, in this case YOLO stands for “you only login once”. As the name implies this new API will be open source so new and existing password managers can implement it into their own apps. It’s unclear exactly how the process would work but it sounds like it would be an improvement over the current method most password managers on Android work -- requiring you to switch keyboards to launch the app and the autofilling the login fields. The main idea is to allow any app built using the OpenYOLO API to access passwords stored in password managers that support the standard. Presumably once you sign in to whatever compatible password manager is on your device, you’ll be automatically signed in to the apps on your device without having to input your password multiple times. Given the open source nature of the project OpenYOLO won’t be limited to Dashlane or eventually even Android for that matter. Dashlane says rival password managers including 1Password, LastPass, and Keeper all have expressed interest in joining the initiative. The company also hopes to make the API available on other platforms over time. Related Reads Password managers Dashlane, LastPass make it less of a chore to change login credentials Google readies its own health and fitness tracking platform, dubbed Google Fit Google removes Google+ integration from the Play Store, tests new features 2 comments 107 interactions Share this article: Video Highlight Now Read This… Experts urge Clinton to demand election recount in three key states amid vote hacking fears Clever malware lets hackers turn your headphones into a microphone Hacker shows how to break into a password-locked computer using a Raspberry Pi Popular 10 comments The Best Video Game Gamepad Controllers The Best Mice: Overall + Gaming, Wireless, Travel & More Load Comments 2 ... User Comments: 2 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 13 Fake video game stories are everywhere 7 Clever malware lets hackers turn your headphones into a microphone 7 Facebook testing feature that shows you where to find free Wi-Fi 94 Weekend Open Forum: What piece of hardware do you regret buying? 178 Thank you to all vets Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Google’s public face of self-driving car program to leave By Ethan Baron / August 5, 2016 at 4:55 PM A key and highly visible leader of Google’s self-driving car program is quitting. The project’s chief technology officer, Chris Urmson, wrote on Medium on Friday that he was going to find his “next adventure.” Urmson, who has a PhD in robotics from Carnegie Mellon University, had been unhappy with the direction the program was taking after the company brought on former Hyundai CEO John Krafcik to run it, the New York Times reported. Urmson had argued with Alphabet CEO Larry Page about the program, the Times said, basing that information on statements by two unnamed former employees. Urmson, according to the Times, said the discussions with Page were not the reason he decided to leave the company. “It has been a tremendous privilege and honor to be part of a team that has been at the forefront of bringing this life-saving technology to the world,” Urmson said in his Medium post. “I feel lucky to have played a role in building this team from a handful of people into the world-class team it is today, readying self-driving cars that will soon take you from A to B at the push of a button. “If I can find another project that turns into an obsession and becomes something more, I will consider myself twice lucky.” While Alphabet has remained generally secretive about the technological developments in the robot car program, when the company has made public statements about the vehicles, Urmson has usually been the designated speaker.   Photo: U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx and  Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt listen to Chris Urmson, director of Google’s self-driving car project, discuss the revolutionary vehicle at the Google campus in Mountain View (Karl Mondon/Staff) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Chris Urmson, Google, robot, self-driving cars   More Posts in 1 Crucial Silicon Valley H-1B visa issue unclear under Trump November 21, 2016   Mark Zuckerberg shares Facebook’s plan to combat fake news November 19, 2016   Microsoft to tie executive bonuses to workforce diversity after two years of reduced female employees: report November 18, 2016       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Older Silicon Valley techies pushed out onto the ice floes… Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames… Crucial Silicon Valley H-1B visa issue unclear under Trump Why did Oracle’s co-CEO Safra Catz visit Trump? Study: Students find it hard to identify fake news online     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 19061.84 0.20%   S&P 500 ▲ 2201.70 -0.06%   Nasdaq ▲ 5371.07 -0.28%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -13/32 yield 2.361%   Crude Oil ▲ 48.16 0.27%   Euro ▲ 1.0559 -0.63%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Amazon’s Holiday Deliveries Face Disruption From Pilot Strike A Ho-Hum Holiday for Videogame Sales Samsung Offices Raided by South Korean Prosecutors Twitter CEO’s Account Briefly Suspended HP Inc. Posts Revenue Increase as PC Business Rebounds Hewlett Packard Enterprise Profit Sinks Police Body Cameras Don’t Reduce Use of Force: Study Microsoft Offers EU Concessions to Win Approval for LinkedIn Deal Airbnb Settles New York State Suit, Focusing on City Credit-Card Breach Hits Madison Square Garden, Radio City Google Search Results Can Lean Liberal, Study Finds Facebook’s Drone Crash Prompts Safety Investigation Amazon Explores Rights for Live Sports Packages on Prime Pilots Strike at Cargo Carrier Serving DHL, Amazon.com Trade Groups Adopt Plan to Better Shield Depositors, Investors From Cyberattacks AppDynamics Postpones Planned December IPO Until Next Year Markets Presidio Files for IPO Apple to Replace Faulty Batteries in iPhone 6s Devices AT&amp;T Says ‘Zero Rating’ Benefits Consumers in Reply to FCC Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Google’s Self-Driving Car Leader Exits Chief Technology Officer Chris Urmson gives no clear reason for his departure By Jack Nicas and Jack Nicas The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyJack Nicas @jacknicas jnicas Google+ Jack.Nicas@dowjones.com Mike Ramsey Mike Ramsey The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyMike Ramsey @MRamseyWSJ Updated Aug. 5, 2016 8:19 p.m. ET The face of the Google self-driving car effort has left the project at a crucial juncture as the company tries to transition its driverless-car technology into a commercial product. Chris Urmson, the project’s chief technology officer and former director, said in a blog post Friday that he was leaving Google parent Alphabet Inc. and was “ready for a fresh challenge.” He gave no clear reason for his departure nor hint of his... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Best Tech Gifts 2016 Trump Can Bypass Conflict of Interest Laws. Here's Why Opinion Journal: Hamilton Wrongs How Did the Dow Cross 19000? Opinion Journal: Obama's Tehran Bribes Most Popular Articles Romney Leads Trump’s Picks for Secretary of State Donald Trump’s Foundation Engaged in Self-Dealing, IRS Filing Shows Most Students Don’t Know When News Is Fake, Stanford Study Finds Opinion: Democracy’s Verdict on Clinton Fentanyl Billionaire Under Fire as Opioid Death Toll Mounts Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Home Home Home Home Home Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Home Home Home Home Home Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Get News Alerts Business © 2016 North Jersey Media Group August 7, 2016 Last updated: Sunday, August 7, 2016, 1:21 AM Facebook opens hardware lab By BRANDON BAILEY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS |  Wire Service MENLO PARK, Calif. — Facebook built its fortune on the Internet, that non-physical space where people share updates and digital videos with friends. But deep inside its Silicon Valley headquarters, engineers have stocked a new lab with computerized lathes, industrial mills and tools for making physical goods. associated press A model maker checking a globe under construction during a tour of Facebook's hardware research-and-development lab in Menlo Park, Calif. It's not a factory for mass-producing smartphones or other consumer products. Rather, it's where engineers will work on some of the high-tech gadgetry needed for the company's long-term plans to connect people through smart devices, virtual-reality headsets and high-flying drones that deliver Internet signals via laser to remote parts of the world. And like Google's celebrated X lab, where the Internet search giant pursues "moonshot" projects such as self-driving cars, Facebook's new research facility demonstrates that in Silicon Valley, leading tech companies are rarely content to keep doing the same thing. "When you think about connecting the world, you have to build different types of hardware to help people connect," said Jay Parikh, Facebook's head of engineering and infrastructure. To get virtual reality right, he added, Facebook needs to refine hardware such as lenses and processors. The lab will be a space for engineers to design energy-efficient servers for Facebook data centers, test new laser mounts and drone propellers, and perfect a prototype 360-degree video camera that Facebook unveiled at a conference in April. Facebook announced the lab's opening on Wednesday and invited journalists for a tour. It's been dubbed Area 404, an inside joke that plays off the "error 404" message Internet users see when they try to visit a Web page that can't be found. Facebook said its engineers had long talked about wanting such a workspace, but it couldn't be found because it didn't exist until now. No word on cost The company won't say how much it spent on the lab, but it took months to build the facility, which is about a third the size of a football field, inside a refitted office building on its main campus. The lab has long workbenches for electrical engineers to spread out their gear and a room full of the lathes and milling machines, each the size of a small truck. It also has a water-powered cutting machine that can slice sheet metal several inches thick, an electron microscope and a CT scanner to examine how materials react to heat, electrical surges or other stress. Facebook became a Silicon Valley powerhouse and Wall Street darling because its vast online network is a central location for digital advertisers. The company sold more than $6 billion worth of ads in the April-June quarter, reaping more than $2 billion in profit. That offers plenty of leeway to invest in new ventures. Facebook said it spent $4.8 billion on research and development in 2015, nearly doubling its budget from the previous year. Two years ago, the company spent $2 billion to buy Oculus VR, a start-up that makes high-end gear for virtual reality. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has predicted that virtual reality will be a leading platform for communication, entertainment, education and business in the future. In recent speeches, he outlined a 10-year vision for Facebook that includes services based on virtual reality, artificial intelligence and Internet access for the world's most underdeveloped regions. The Oculus operation has its own lab in Seattle, while Facebook's drone team is based in Somerset, England. They aren't relocating, but Parikh said engineers from both groups will also use the new facility. 'Building 8' mystery Zuckerberg has hinted at other aspirations, too. During the spring, he announced the formation of a mysterious research-and-development group known as "Building 8." It's led by high-profile engineer Regina Dugan, a former director of the Pentagon's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA, the agency that created the Internet in the late 1960s. Before joining Facebook, Dugan ran a Google team that specialized in "rapid innovation" of new tech gadgets. Her projects included a location-tracking smartphone camera for creating 3-D virtual worlds, a technology that Lenovo will include in the Phab2 Pro out this month. Dugan's group will use the Area 404 lab, but Facebook wouldn't talk about specific projects she will undertake. Analysts say it's too early to know if these ideas are "vanity projects" or if they will boost Facebook's bottom line. But rivals, including Google, Amazon and Microsoft, have similar ambitions, some involving drones, tablets or other hardware. Facebook said it spent $4.8 billion on research and development in 2015, nearly doubling its budget from the previous year. "When you're big enough, you need to think bigger picture and longer term," said Bob O'Donnell, chief analyst at Technalysis Research. Facebook could wait for others to develop new gadgets, he said, but the company can learn by designing hardware on its own and seeing how its software works with it. He said Facebook could even license its hardware ideas for others to manufacture. Aside from Oculus, most of Facebook's hardware isn't aimed at the consumer market. Several years ago, the tech industry was abuzz with rumors that Zuckerberg wanted to build a Facebook smartphone. That never happened, although Facebook created special software for an HTC phone that didn't sell well. Sharing designs Instead, Facebook has led an industry effort to develop more energy-efficient computer centers by sharing server designs with other companies. Similarly, Facebook said it developed the 360-degree video camera to show other inventors what's possible in new camera designs. Those designs could, in turn, produce more video content for the social network to share. Facebook executives say their solar-powered drones are also meant as prototypes, in the hope that telecommunications companies will use their designs. While Zuckerberg said Internet access can spur economic development in poor nations, Facebook also stands to benefit if more people get online. NorthJersey.com : News : Business : Technology NorthJersey.com : News : Business : Technology August 7, 2016 Last updated: Sunday, August 7, 2016, 1:21 AM Facebook opens hardware lab Buy this photo associated press A model maker checking a globe under construction during a tour of Facebook's hardware research-and-development lab in Menlo Park, Calif. By BRANDON BAILEY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS |  Wire Service Pages: 1 2 > display on one page MENLO PARK, Calif. — Facebook built its fortune on the Internet, that non-physical space where people share updates and digital videos with friends. But deep inside its Silicon Valley headquarters, engineers have stocked a new lab with computerized lathes, industrial mills and tools for making physical goods. It's not a factory for mass-producing smartphones or other consumer products. Rather, it's where engineers will work on some of the high-tech gadgetry needed for the company's long-term plans to connect people through smart devices, virtual-reality headsets and high-flying drones that deliver Internet signals via laser to remote parts of the world. And like Google's celebrated X lab, where the Internet search giant pursues "moonshot" projects such as self-driving cars, Facebook's new research facility demonstrates that in Silicon Valley, leading tech companies are rarely content to keep doing the same thing. "When you think about connecting the world, you have to build different types of hardware to help people connect," said Jay Parikh, Facebook's head of engineering and infrastructure. To get virtual reality right, he added, Facebook needs to refine hardware such as lenses and processors. The lab will be a space for engineers to design energy-efficient servers for Facebook data centers, test new laser mounts and drone propellers, and perfect a prototype 360-degree video camera that Facebook unveiled at a conference in April. Facebook announced the lab's opening on Wednesday and invited journalists for a tour. It's been dubbed Area 404, an inside joke that plays off the "error 404" message Internet users see when they try to visit a Web page that can't be found. Facebook said its engineers had long talked about wanting such a workspace, but it couldn't be found because it didn't exist until now. No word on cost The company won't say how much it spent on the lab, but it took months to build the facility, which is about a third the size of a football field, inside a refitted office building on its main campus. The lab has long workbenches for electrical engineers to spread out their gear and a room full of the lathes and milling machines, each the size of a small truck. It also has a water-powered cutting machine that can slice sheet metal several inches thick, an electron microscope and a CT scanner to examine how materials react to heat, electrical surges or other stress. Facebook became a Silicon Valley powerhouse and Wall Street darling because its vast online network is a central location for digital advertisers. The company sold more than $6 billion worth of ads in the April-June quarter, reaping more than $2 billion in profit. That offers plenty of leeway to invest in new ventures. Facebook said it spent $4.8 billion on research and development in 2015, nearly doubling its budget from the previous year. Two years ago, the company spent $2 billion to buy Oculus VR, a start-up that makes high-end gear for virtual reality. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has predicted that virtual reality will be a leading platform for communication, entertainment, education and business in the future. In recent speeches, he outlined a 10-year vision for Facebook that includes services based on virtual reality, artificial intelligence and Internet access for the world's most underdeveloped regions. The Oculus operation has its own lab in Seattle, while Facebook's drone team is based in Somerset, England. They aren't relocating, but Parikh said engineers from both groups will also use the new facility. 'Building 8' mystery Zuckerberg has hinted at other aspirations, too. During the spring, he announced the formation of a mysterious research-and-development group known as "Building 8." It's led by high-profile engineer Regina Dugan, a former director of the Pentagon's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA, the agency that created the Internet in the late 1960s. Before joining Facebook, Dugan ran a Google team that specialized in "rapid innovation" of new tech gadgets. Her projects included a location-tracking smartphone camera for creating 3-D virtual worlds, a technology that Lenovo will include in the Phab2 Pro out this month. Dugan's group will use the Area 404 lab, but Facebook wouldn't talk about specific projects she will undertake. Analysts say it's too early to know if these ideas are "vanity projects" or if they will boost Facebook's bottom line. But rivals, including Google, Amazon and Microsoft, have similar ambitions, some involving drones, tablets or other hardware. Facebook said it spent $4.8 billion on research and development in 2015, nearly doubling its budget from the previous year. "When you're big enough, you need to think bigger picture and longer term," said Bob O'Donnell, chief analyst at Technalysis Research. Facebook could wait for others to develop new gadgets, he said, but the company can learn by designing hardware on its own and seeing how its software works with it. He said Facebook could even license its hardware ideas for others to manufacture. Pages: 1 2 > display on one page Tags: Technology Inside NorthJersey.com Today's celebrity birthdays:... Tony winner shares insights... American Apparel files for... Now Open: The Barrow House in... From Bergen.com American Cancer Society holds... Junior League of Bergen... Jessie Banks Foundation holds... Tushy holds launch party with... From BergenCounty.com Sharing the Arts Together:... Protecting yourself from the... (201) Magazine's Top... Don't Fear the Future:... Most Read | Most Recent Chef's suicide occurred days after restaurant sale Construction on massive Pequannock catering hall set to begin in floodplain Clifton boy, 15, fighting for his life Franklin Lakes Nature Preserve new haunt for birders Latest tweets from @NorthJerseybrk Tweets by NorthJerseybrk Follow @NorthJerseybrk on Twitter | More tweets Get News Alerts © 2016 North Jersey Media Group News Go to the new NorthJersey.com Local Go to the new NorthJersey.com Sports Go to the new NorthJersey.com Photo Galleries Go to the new NorthJersey.com Opinion Go to the new NorthJersey.com Blogs Meadowlands Matters Fire & Ice Ranger Rants Varsity Aces A & E Go to the new NorthJersey.com Events Search Events Add an Event Food Go to the new NorthJersey.com Digital Edition Archive Search Connect Contact Us Newsletters / Alerts Letters to the Editor Advertise NorthJersey.com The Record / Herald News Community Newspapers MailboxFlyer.com Tearsheets Subscribe The Record Herald News Community Newspapers (201) Magazine Customer Care Find Obituaries Photographs Books Reprints and Permissions Archives Legals/Public Notices Local Businesses Garage Sales NorthJersey.com About Us Contact Us Terms of Service/Privacy Police Blotter Policy North Jersey Media Group In The News About Us / Locations Foundation Action Against Hunger Green Statement Employment Opportunities Premiums Events/Exposure ↑ : Home Delivery | Store | Digital Edition | Bergen.com | BergenCounty.com | Events | Special Sections | Homes | Cars | Jobs | Marketplace | Garage Sales | Place an Ad Sections
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Windows Update just not updating? Here’s how to give it a swift kick Tina Sieber Digital TrendsAugust 7, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Windows Update is an underestimated cornerstone of your system’s integrity and security. Microsoft regularly delivers security patches, hotfixes, and software updates through Windows Update. If this service stops running or is turned off, Windows becomes vulnerable to bugs and security holes. The update process has been greatly streamlined for Windows 10, but that doesn’t mean it’s always problem free – especially when it comes to compatibility issues or updates that may need to be patched. We’ll show you how to get Windows Update working again when it fails, and what to do if it looks like the update is causing problems. Go online and see if there’s a problem Go online and take a look at Windows update news! We put this step first because it’s surprising how much it helps when you run into an unexpected problem. Search for a phrase like “Windows update problems” or “Windows 10 update” and see what latest news results Google has. In some cases, the update itself may have known issues and will need to be patched. This is particularly common if the update fails to complete or causes something to stop working. The latest example is the Windows 10 Anniversary Update, which ironically brought back a host of bugs, errors, and installation failures. Searching for news like this allows you to quickly pinpoint the problem and potentially fix it, or turn updates off for the time being until a solution is found. Which brings us to another important point. Turn automatic updates off if necessary Turn Off Windows UpdatesMore If an update keeps trying to install and keeps coming up with errors, errors, errors, there’s a better fix than throwing your computer across the room. You can turn off the Windows 10 automatic updating. Here’s how: Go to or search for Settings. While in Settings, look for the Update & Security option and open it. Here, select the Windows Update tab at the top of the list. Then go to the Advanced Options option at the bottom of the window. This will bring up a header called “Choose how updates are installed.” Make sure that this is switched away from automatic and onto an option like “Notify to Install” where you have control over when updates are applied. This quick change will prevent Windows from endlessly trying to download updates and then reverse those updates when it discovers errors. Automatic updates are a very good idea, but if there’s a serious issue with the update then you need to stop it and troubleshoot the issue before giving Windows back the reins. Run the Windows Update Troubleshooter Troubleshooting ReportMore Microsoft knows that sometimes updates bring along a few unwanted issues, which is why they’ve created the Windows Update Troubleshooter. This tool will run through your basic operating system parameters and look for any obvious problems that are keeping Windows Update from functioning correctly. If it can, it will fix them automatically, or at least let you know what the problem seems to be. Try this analysis early on if you are having update problems. Head over to this Microsoft webpage and click “Download and run the Windows Update Troubleshooter.” The tool should take care of the rest. It won’t solve every problem, but it’s a great place to start and will usually provide useful information even if it can’t offer a fix. Check your installation error code If your update fails or creates problems, it will often give you an installation error code. They don’t tell you much by themselves, but they do include a lot of useful information if you hop online and consult Microsoft’s quick guide on the matter. This link goes to a table of the error codes and what they mean. If you can’t get an instant fix, see if your error is on the list and what Microsoft suggests that you do about it. Related: Protect your PC from the cyber-flu with these awesome free antivirus options Read More For example, the error “0x800F0922” shows that you are probably having a problem connecting to the right Windows servers and may need to reset your network. The error “0x80200065,” on the other hand, means that the update was interrupted, probably because your PC shut down or you logged out of your account. You get the idea – but note that this guide is designed specifically for Windows 10. Error codes may not mean the same thing on other versions of Windows. Try one of these quick fixes to resolve common Windows Update issues Windows-10-Anniversary-Update-0001More Have all the automatic checks and codes failed you? It’s time to go back to the tried-and-true methods, the tricks that have been solving update errors since the update was first invented. Here are a few options that may work for you. Reboot your computer. This is a surprisingly effective method to solve a host of computer issues and it often works for Windows Update. When you encounter an error message, reboot and try to run updates again. If you haven’t run Windows Update for some time, you might have to repeat this process several times before all updates have been installed. Do you have enough disk space? One scenario in which updates may fail is when your system drive is running out of space. Double-check that you have at least 10GB of free space. If that could be the culprit, perform a disk cleanup to remove files. Briefly, go to My Computer, right-click on your system drive (typically C:), select Properties, and click the Disk Cleanup button. Specify the type of files that you want to get rid of and select OK. Try to stay away from important system files. Is malware causing the issue? Malware can change critical system files and break Windows services. Run a malware scanner to make sure your system isn’t compromised. Contact Microsoft support If you’ve done everything you can, it’s time to contact Microsoft support and see if they can walk you through any solutions. Head over to this service webpage, where you can choose to open a chat window, ask for a call back, or schedule a call. There’s also an option to ask the community, which may be a bit more time-consuming but can be useful if others have already encountered and fixed this update issue. Hands on: Windows 10 Anniversary Update Microsoft's new Windows 7 patch bundles five years of updates in one easy download Microsoft pushes Windows Hello with latest Surface driver updates Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next A laser pointer from the stands helped the Oakland Raiders beat the Texans BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Donald Trump’s advisors are lying to him Quartz The best Black Friday tech deals Yahoo Finance Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Election 2016 Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Election 2016 Follow Topics Scientists at work After fatality, autonomous car development may speed up August 7, 2016 7.48pm EDT As problems occur, rapid design adjustment will advance autonomous cars’ abilities. Image of car with sensors via shutterstock.com After fatality, autonomous car development may speed up August 7, 2016 7.48pm EDT William Messner Author William Messner John R. Beaver Professor of Mechanical Engineering, Tufts University Disclosure statement William Messner received funding from the National Science Foundation and from the Department of Agriculture relevant to robotics. Partners Tufts University provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation US. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons licence. As problems occur, rapid design adjustment will advance autonomous cars’ abilities. Image of car with sensors via shutterstock.com Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn The world has witnessed enormous advances in autonomous passenger vehicle technologies over the last dozen years. The performance of microprocessors, memory chips and sensors needed for autonomous driving has greatly increased, while the cost of these components has decreased substantially. Software for controlling and navigating these systems has similarly improved. Buoyed by notable milestones and relentless progress in autonomous technologies, a self-reinforcing cycle emerged – optimism by industry, academia and the public leading to more effort to develop autonomous technologies, with consequent successes generating even more optimism. The successes are real. In 2004, not a single vehicle completed even 10 miles of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) Grand Challenge for autonomous navigation across 150 miles of the Mojave Desert. Nineteen months later five vehicles were up to the task. In 2007, six teams completed the far more difficult DARPA Urban Challenge, which involved navigating through a city-type environment with other autonomous and human-driven vehicles obeying California driving laws. Subsequently, Google recruited several of the technical leads from the Grand Challenge teams to develop autonomous cars. All the major car manufacturers in the United States, Europe and Japan now have serious efforts to develop autonomous passenger vehicles. Most notably, upstart Tesla boldly sells vehicles equipped with sensors and software that allow operators to run the cars in autonomous mode in various situations including highway driving. Cars operating autonomously already have logged millions of miles on U.S. roads. However, the recent fatal crash of a Tesla Model S operating in “autopilot” mode suggests that some people may be too confident in this new technology in its current state. As we have seen with other innovations, sometimes a user’s death causes development to slow down – but other times, progress speeds up to address the newly uncovered problems. Death can slow technological progress The effects of tragedies involving new technology vary greatly. The public’s optimism about civilian space tourism increased dramatically with the successful flights of Scaled Composites’ SpaceShipOne in June 2004. But that optimism faded quickly after the crash of the Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwo in October 2014, in which the copilot was killed. The response to the Tesla accident differs from the Virgin Galactic fatality at least in part because of the distinct difference in potential societal benefit of the technology. Civilian space tourism promises expensive thrill rides to a very tiny number of wealthy customers. So, when its safety was called into question, it is not surprising that interest declined. (In late July, the company received a license to resume test flights, but does not expect to fly passengers until at least 2017.) On the other hand, autonomous vehicles have the potential to help hundreds of millions of people and to save tens of thousand of lives per year in the US alone. The National Highway Transportation Safety Administration (NHTSA) estimates that 94 percent of the more than 35,000 U.S. traffic deaths in 2015 were due to the driver. These brutal numbers mean that the recent Tesla autopilot fatality will not slow the push to automate passenger vehicles. The potential for learning can spark improvement In fact, the Tesla driver’s death may actually accelerate progress on autonomous vehicles. As NHTSA Administrator Mark Rosekind remarked in July at the Automated Vehicles Symposium 2016, “When something goes wrong, or a highly automated vehicle encounters an edge case – something it hasn’t been programmed to deal with – that data can be taken, analyzed and then the lessons can be shared with … all automated vehicles. [By contrast,] new drivers must learn on the road and make the same mistakes as thousands before them.” The initial deployment of airbags in automobiles in the 1990s provides an apt comparison. Airbags saved many lives from the outset. However, there were instances in which the passenger side airbag killed children, especially infants secured in rear-facing child safety seats – the so-called “edge cases” for this technology. In response, regulators and car manufacturers quickly introduced sensors to detect the weight of any passenger, and systems that deactivated the airbag if the passenger was too light. Public service announcements warned drivers to ensure children rode only in the rear seats, either buckled up or in child safety seats. These actions resulted in an astonishing 96 percent reduction in children killed by airbags at between 1996 and 2001 even though the number of airbag-equipped vehicles increased by a factor of five. A Tesla Model S, like the one pictured, was involved in the first fatal crash of a vehicle with autonomous-driving technology. Paul Sableman/flickr, CC BY The effect of the Tesla crash is likely to be similar. The apparent cause of the accident was the vehicle’s failure to detect a white truck against a bright sky background, and the failure of both car and driver to react in time. Like the injuries caused by some early airbags, the crash was an unintended consequence of a system designed to improve safety. As additional details about the crash emerge, the manufacturer can redesign the system to essentially eliminate the problems. And users of the technologies will become less complacent and more informed about their capabilities and limitations. The effect on trust The most lasting effect of the Tesla crash will be its damage to the trust people put in these systems. Kristin Kolodge, who heads human-machine interface work at market research firm J.D. Power, remarked at the Automated Vehicles Symposium, “It’s extremely unfortunate the Tesla incident that happened. This element of trust is extremely fragile.” Counting whose specific lives airbags have saved in crashes is relatively easy. But it is much more difficult to measure the benefits of autonomous vehicles replacing reckless, drunk or otherwise impaired drivers and reducing crashes as a result. Nonetheless, the prospect of greatly reducing accidents, injuries and deaths due to reckless driving, drunk driving, distracted driving, impaired driving, speeding and road rage means that increasingly automated cars will be a fact of life in the years ahead. As U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx recently said, “Automated vehicles are coming. Ready or not, they are coming.” Autonomous vehicles Road safety car crash Tesla Motors Tweet Share Get newsletter You might also like Dominique Leppin/EPA Why driverless cars still need driving tests Don’t do away with that human driver at the wheel. LoKan Sardari Self-driving cars will need people, too Only the beginning: already there are cars that can take over steering on highways. How will things change once driverless cars arrive? Beck Diefenbach/Reuters How driverless vehicles will redefine mobility and change car culture Are today’s drivers yesterday’s horses? Winton Motor Carriage Company In a driverless future, what happens to today’s drivers? Most popular on The Conversation The future of genetic enhancement is not in the West With legal pot comes a problem: How do we weed out impaired drivers? Three common arguments for preserving the Electoral College – and why they’re wrong Facebook’s problem is more complicated than fake news Cage-free sounds good, but does it mean a better life for chickens? Pleasure is good: How French children acquire a taste for life Why there’s so much backlash to the theory that Greek art inspired China’s Terracotta Army Young children are terrible at hiding – psychologists have a new theory why How the archaeological review behind the Dakota Access Pipeline went wrong Tattoo regret: Can you make it go away? Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 43,000 academics and researchers from 1,845 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Research and Expert Database Our feeds Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2016, The Conversation US, Inc.
Updated Hot Tags Climate Change NASA space Earth global warming Experience us with dark theme sciencewr.com Home Space Nature & Environment Health & Medicine Tech Physics Human Video Stay Connected Facebook Twitter RSS Advertisement Moon Express Makes Lunar History, First Private Company To Get Approval For Moon Mission Sam D First Posted: Aug 06, 2016 04:11 AM EDT Moon Express co-founder and chairman Naveen Jain at BAE Systems Mojave. Photo used for representation only. Steve Jurvetson / Flickr CC0 Moon Express (MoonEx), a California based private space faring firm, has reportedly become the first to win an approval from the U.S. government for flying a mission to the moon. The company made the historic announcement on Wednesday. Advertisement "To me, going to the moon is symbolic of what individuals and small groups of people are capable of doing," said Naveen Jain, co-founder and chairman of Moon Express. "It is an inspiration that allows people to think that the things that were only done by the superpowers, a small group of people can now do". The company is one of the few firms competing for the $20 million Google Lunar X Prize, an award that will be given to the first team that lands a robot on the surface of the moon, trek it for a distance of 500 meters  as well as send back images from there. As per reports, at the moment it seems Moon Express is deemed as the favorite to win the competition, a status it shares with Israeli rival SpaceIL. The lander that Moon Express will send to the lunar surface will be, obviously, vastly different from NASA's Apollo. The lunar lander will approximately be as big as a go-kart, and the overall look will be similar to the Roomba vacuum. The firm's plan is to send the lander to Earth's low orbit area on a small rocket made especially to launch tiny satellites, after which it will use its own engine to make the  200,000-plus mile distance to the moon. The landing thrusters on the robotic explorer will help the lander make a smooth descent on the lunar surface, after which it will move around with rocket-hops. Advertisement According to Moon Express, the robotic explorer should be on the lunar surface sometime by 2017; however that is just an estimation in the face of unexpected hurdles causing delays. A problem particularly associated with the task is that Rocket Lab's Electron which will help maneuver the lander has still not been tested to fly. The company is going through the required preparations at the moment to ensure that the test flight phases are undergone smoothly; however the days to the mission are reportedly ticking especially because the time frame for Google's award ends during the latter part of 2017. At the moment, all eyes are on Moon Express because getting approval to do something and completing it successfully are entirely different things, and the lander still has to make a journey of approximately 238,900 miles before it actually makes interplanetary history. However, on the positive side, the company is still the first private firm to get government approval to launch a moon mission, a move that also opens doors for other such ventures in the future. TagsMoon, Moon Mission ©2016 ScienceWorldReport.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. The window to the world of science news. Related Articles Russia Plans Human Colony On Moon, Will Send 12 Cosmonauts Soon Why Human Base On Moon Is Absolutely Necessary Before Embarking On Mars Mission US Set To Approve First Commercial Mission To Moon By Private Company Faintest Dwarf Satellite Galaxy Found Lurking In The Halo Of Milky Way Stephen Hawking Warns: Talking To Aliens Is Risky Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Join the Conversation Go to Top Stay Connected Facebook Twitter RSS Advertisement More on SCIENCEWR Netflix 4K Streaming Requirements: Here’s How To Watch Netflix 4K Content On Your PCs and TVs! Ultra HD Movies List, Titles, Price & More! Cheapest Black Friday 2016 4K TV Deals: Best Ultra HD TV Offers From Best Buy, Walmart, Target So Far! Apple Black Friday 2016 Sales Confirmed: Website Teases A One-Day Shopping Event For Thanksgiving! Walmart, Target Store Maps For Black Friday 2016 Released: Here's Everything About Download Links, Deal Info And More Advertisement Most Read on SCIENCEWR Aliens Are All Around Us, We Just Cannot See Them, Says A Radical Scientist -- New Theory Alien Invasion? Here Are 5 Ways Aliens Could Contact Humans Any Advanced Alien Life We Come Across Will Likely Be Sentient Machines, Says Veteran Alien Hunter Advertisement Devastating Effect Of Ocean Acidification Brings Danger; Study Warns Recurring Breast Cancer: Scientists Figure Out Why Results Are In: Americans Cannot Quit Sugar 'Super-Earth' Five Times The Size Of The Earth Discovered (Video) More Popular News Advertisement Spotlight Supermoon 101: Tips On How To Capture And Watch The Super Moon Time Lapse Of Saturn’s Titan Shows Methane Clouds Black Friday Best PS4 Deals 2016: Lowest Price On PS4 Slim 500GB At $175, Check Out Best Deals Here Verizon BOGO Deals : 50% Off On Premium Android Phones, At Least $300 Discount Offered Advertisement Categories Space & The Future Nature & Environment Health & Medicine Tech Physics Human Video Categories About us Privacy Policy Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS
 Home |  News |  Medical  |  Cars |  Life |  Archives |  New Archives |  RSS |  Twitter |  Facebook |  About Us |  Home + WORLD NEWS LIFE MEDICAL PAGES AUTOMOTIVE The Australian AI experts says that Chatbots will soon “flood” the Internet THE ‘CLEAR AND PRESENT DANGER TO CHRISTIANITY’ FROM ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE (AI)  By admin  Sunday, August 7, 2016 Artificial Intelligence (AI) researcher, Alan Metcalfe, has told the ASSIST News Service that he believes that the most “alarming clear and present danger to Christianity” is the development of “Chatbots” – robots that educate people. Metcalfe says that Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and other AI developers, are “aggressively moving into the business of building AI-powered Chatbots that will provide our children, and our children’s children with the knowledge that they need about everything, even God.” The Australian AI experts says that Chatbots will soon “flood” the Internet. “The days of the world being influenced by the Bible are numbered,” warned Metcalfe, who is President/CEO, Safe Worlds TV (http://safeworlds.tv/mobile/index.html). “Throughout all of recorded history to date, the Bible and its associated writings have been the cornerstone source of human knowledge. But very soon, this will no longer be the case. “In the years ahead, what people know about God and everything else will be taught to them by robots called Chatbots that will not get their knowledge from the Bible. Many” he said, “can be expected to be programmed by people who do not believe in the Bible or Christianity; and, in fact, are steadfastly opposed to it.” Alan Metcalfe says that this event is shaping as the biggest setback for Christianity since the US court’s judgment against teaching Divine Creation in US schools. “It is another nail in the coffin of God, Jesus Christ, and Christianity,” he says. “As a result of the US Court’s decision against Divine Creation, few people, even in the Church today, now believe that the almighty intelligence that we call God, created us and all that is in this world. Most now believe in Charles Darwin’s still unproven theory of creation. It is hard to find anyone who truly believes in Divine Creation – the media opposition has been so great and unrelenting.” Metcalfe says that in the wake of Darwin’s Theory’s failure to explain human intelligence, there has been a raging debate in science about the source of morals and ethics, but sadly, Christianity has been absent from this argument. “Sadly, today, understanding of the Holy Spirit of God who makes us who we are, is a forgotten interest that is seen to have absolutely no relevance in science,” he went on to say. “Churches all over the world sing songs to the Holy Spirit and worship Him with great affection, but I am not sure that many are really conscious of who He is. “I am not sure that many in the world today associate the indomitable human spirit that enables us to do all that we are able to do, with the Holy Spirit of God; and this is a great shame that severely limits human understanding. “This is why modern science has come to a dead end with its search for the Law of Everything. This is why they have given up talking about Big Bang theory, because they cannot explain the Singularity that exists at the beginning of time.” Alan Metcalfe says that he is “conscious that some people do realize that there is a war against Christianity.” He adds that he is not sure however that Christians realize the extent or seriousness of this war. “Most people,” he continued, “are aware that Christmas is systematically being erased from the public record. Most people know that Islamic State, also known as ISIS, is persistently targeting Christians and killing and butchering them wherever they can, all over the world. Few people however are conscious of the silent, creeping war that is now well in train, worldwide, that is aimed at erasing everything to do with Christianity from the public record.” Metcalfe concluded by saying, “The way things are going, I can see a time when very, very few people will have any memory of God or Jesus Christ, and this will be a very sad day for the world.” References: http://www.theverge.com/2016/5/27/11801108/ray-kurzweil-building-chatbot-for-google https://www.engadget.com/2016/08/03/skype-new-chatbots-available/ | Email Article | Email Us | Print friendly admin  Bio admin Most recent columns What's New On Bogota Free Planet Totó La Momposina y Berklee College of Music Santiago Giraldo advances at 250 ATP Bangkok Licking the Los Angeles Times Fidel Castro and Hugo Chavez Chavelin Colorado Paca, The Ugly Betty of the Parrot World Triangle in Anapoima Mandarino Tree Parrot Soap Opera of All Time! The Parrots of Anapoima Custom Search Pursuant to Title 17 U.S.C. 107, other copyrighted work is provided for educational purposes, research, critical comment, or debate without profit or payment. If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for your own purposes beyond the 'fair use' exception, you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. Views are those of authors and not necessarily those of Bogota Free Planet. Content is Copyright 2011 the individual authors.
