Digital Trends Home > Mobile > App Attack: Flipboard’s big update tailors… App Attack: Flipboard’s big update tailors magazines just for you By Julian Chokkattu — February 12, 2017 9:00 AM Subscribe Share Please enable Javascript to watch this video Subscribe on YouTube Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Why it matters to you Flipboard is one of the most popular news-reading apps, and Version 4.0 makes it easy to find content tailored to your interests. Pre-installed apps like Apple News and Google’s multiple news-aggregating apps may enjoy a large base of users, but for a long time Flipboard was the default news reader on most smart devices. Now vying for the spotlight again, the app making a comeback with a revamp that uses machine learning to personalize and improve reader experience. Version 4.0 focuses on Smart Magazines, which let you create a personalized magazine with more granular preferences. You’ve been able to create magazines before — in fact, Flipboard said more than 28 million magazines were created by users last March — but Smart Magazines go a step further thanks to human curation, machine learning, and more. More: Google is fighting fake news in France with a new project called CrossCheck Because of these granular controls and options, it’s unlikely your Flipboard will match someone else’s — even if they’re interested in similar categories. For example, if you click on “Photography,” you get the option to narrow your interest even further down to “Canon” or “Nikon,” and more. These magazines are automatically updated. You can create up to nine smart magazines that will appear on the home screen, and any others will show up as tiles on another screen.  Furthermore, the more you use and interact with the app — by liking or sharing an article, for example — the better Flipboard gets at offering up content you’ll enjoy reading. Here’s how you can create a Smart Magazine: Scroll to the right where you’ll see “What’s your passion?” in big, bold text. Here you can either type a category in, or choose one from the list below — like “Travel,” “Technology,” or “Business.” You’ll then see a “Personalize” page come up — choose hashtags that you want to see in your magazine, like #SiliconValley, or #Wearables. More: Tinder for moms? Peanut app helps get gang together for friendship, playdates These options help hone in on your passion, so that you’ll get a unique feed that’s tailored to you. You can add or remove hashtags at any time by tapping on the three dots on the top right corner of the magazine, and then hitting “Personalize.” You can also move around magazines on the home screen by tapping “Edit Home,” which sits below. The version 4.0 update is available for iOS and Android, and you can grab it on the App Store and the Google Play Store.
Digital Trends Home > Web > You can now explore seven countries in Africa… You can now explore seven countries in Africa thanks to Google Street View By Lulu Chang — February 12, 2017 12:15 PM Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Why it matters to you If you've ever wanted to explore the National Parks of Uganda or see the National Theatre of Ghana, Google is giving you a chance. Globetrotting can be hard, but Google is here to make it easier — not when it comes to flight and hotel accommodations, but rather with an ever-expanding repository of the most incredible sights from around the world. Google has added some of the highlights from the majestic continent of Africa to its Google Street View knowledge base and starting today, you’ll be able to take virtual tours of “some of the most iconic landmarks and monuments in Ghana, Senegal, and Uganda.” You can now explore a total of 81 countries without ever leaving your home by way of Google Street View, seven of which are located in Africa. There’s the UNESCO World Heritage-classified village of Nzulezo in Ghana, built over Lake Tadane, whose stilt-supported structures are integrated with the water-centric landscape of the area. More: Watch this astounding trip around the world, made entirely from Google Maps You can also pay a virtual visit to the National Theatre of Ghana, which houses the National Dance Company, the National Symphony Orchestra, and the National Theatre Players. For a different kind of art, you can head over to Senegal’s African Renaissance monument, a bronze statue that rises 49 meters into the air. Or you can look at natural landmarks like the pink-watered Lake Retba. Google partnered with the Uganda Wildlife Authority to virtually bring you to seven of that country’s most famous National Parks, home to various primate species and more than 600 species of birds. “We are excited that what began with a few South African cities in 2009, has now expanded to many other cities in 7 countries across the continent,” Google concluded, “From Cape Town to Botswana, Kenya, Tanzania and now Ghana, Uganda and Senegal, we are glad that more people from around the world are turning to Street View to to get a glimpse of this beautiful continent. We wouldn’t be surprised if you’ll be tempted to pack your own cameras to explore in person as well!”
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Google Assistant might be coming to your non-Pixel… Google Assistant might be coming to your non-Pixel device sooner rather than later By Lulu Chang — February 12, 2017 1:55 PM Subscribe Share Julian Chokkattu/Digital Trends Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Why it matters to you Google Assistant has long been unique to Google Pixel and Pixel XL handsets, but a new alpha test suggests that Google could be spreading the love. You don’t have to go out and get a Google Pixel in order to get Google Assistant — rather, it would appear that the AI tool is beginning to make its way onto non-Pixel hardware. As first reported by Android Police, it looks as though an alpha version of the Google app has appeared in the wild by way of the version 6.13 update, and while it’s rather buggy, it’s the first time we’re able to see Assistant on a phone that isn’t a Pixel or Pixel XL. As Android Police noted, both a Nexus 6P (running Android 7.1.1) and a Samsung Galaxy Note5 (running Android 6.0.1) were able to launch Google Assistant with the user simply holding the Home button. After a few moments, a dialogue with the message “New! You just got the Google Assistant” popped up, and allowed for users to set up voice training. More: Google Assistant adds another 10 skills, including a virtual sommelier Be warned, however, that given that this is still an alpha version of the newest software, it’s working better for some than it is for others. It doesn’t seem to be linked to device type (some Nexus 6Ps got Assistant to work, while others didn’t), though it could be contingent on phone settings or other app versions. Regardless, the very presence of Google Assistant on v6.13 could mean exciting things for folks who have been waiting to get Google Assistant on their existing Android devices. While we’re not rushing to any conclusions, it could be the case that Assistant will be made available to everyone when v6.13 becomes officially available. However, it’s also possible that some devices got Assistant as an error when mistakenly identified as a Pixel handset in settings (that said, the introductory messages that new users received suggest that this was not an error). Regardless, we’ll have to wait a bit longer to see exactly when Google Assistant becomes more widely available, but perhaps not as long as previously thought.
Mint50 mutual fundsElection news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Leisure Last Modified: Thu, Feb 16 2017. 12 03 PM IST How AI is improving the way we use smartphones Artificial Intelligence has quietly become a part of our daily life, and is helping us in ways we don’t even come to know of Subscribe to our newsletter. Abhijit Ahaskar AI specifically refers to the enhanced ability that a piece of software may have, where it can understand specific information, add contextual knowledge to it and suggest responses based on that. Artificial intelligence, popularly referred to as AI, is no longer seen only in movies and TV series. Many of us are already taking advantage of it through mobile apps and smartphones. AI specifically refers to the enhanced ability that a piece of software may have, where it can understand specific information, add contextual knowledge to it and suggest responses based on that. For example, the suggestion about which content to view on YouTube has an element of AI working in the background. Smarter photo and filter apps Available by default in many Android smartphones, Google Photos uses AI and machine learning to identify objects or human faces in a photo and club ones with common elements and the same faces into specific folders without the user’s intervention. It is this ability to understand the content in a photo which makes Google Photos better than an ordinary photo storage app. This also makes it easier for users to find images they want quickly. A number of photo and video filter apps such as Prisma and Artisto use AI to apply filters. Prisma uses AI and a set of neural networks to understand the contents of an image to convert an ordinary photo into a beautiful work of art. Click here for enlarge Chatting made fun Google’s instant messaging app Allo uses AI and language processing tools to understand how a user converses with friends and the built-in personal assistant on the messenger. It focuses more on the context and content in a message so it can come up with smart suggestions and more accurate answers. Its accuracy depends on how much time you spend on the messenger. The more you use it, the more accurate and interesting its suggestions will become. Allo can also detect content in photos shared with the user to suggest a more appropriate reply. Typing made easy Typing on touchscreen phones is not as comfortable as typing on a proper keyboard. This is where predictive text input, a feature of touch-based keyboards, can help users overcome the limitations of small keys and keyboards. Click here for enlarge Microsoft’s SwiftKey takes it a step further by using AI to understand the context in what is typed to provide more accurate text predictions and auto correction options to users when they are typing. It focuses on a user’s writing style and factors in the entire sentence and not just a few words. So, if you type “We are excited for”, SwiftKey’s predictions will be “New Year” and “Future” which can actually help complete the sentence. Making smartphones actually smart What makes Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones unique is the AI assistant that has been incorporated into the phone’s software. At the start, it seems like another voice-based personal assistant such as Apple’s Siri or Microsoft’s Cortana, but brings a lot more to the table. Like the AI in the Allo, it creates a virtual image of a user based on his queries, commands and browser history, so it can understand the context in query better and provide more appropriate suggestions. HTC has deployed a similar AI tool called Sense Companion in the HTC U Ultra and U Play smartphones. It works on similar lines as Google Assistant and uses machine learning to understand a user’s interest and tastes to provide better suggestions and improve their overall experience with the phone. For example, it will give more priority to notifications from apps that are regularly used or contacts that are more frequently called. AI in smartphones is still at a very nascent stage. The way we interact with smartphones is not going to change anytime soon, but the coming of AI into our lives shows its immense potential. Abhijit Ahaskar Topics: Artificial intelligence smartphones Google Assistant Google Pixel AI More From Livemint READ MORE Himalaya enters pet nutrition segment with ‘healthytreats’ Game Review: PES 2017 is more fun than FIFA Mobile Time for India to build future around cognitive computing, says IBM president First Published: Thu, Feb 16 2017. 12 02 PM IST Editor's Picks Flipkart outsells Amazon in December, January on bumper smartphone sales 100 days of demonetisation: A Mint reading list Founder tantrums at Infosys: Is the ordeal over? Latest News Himalaya enters pet nutrition segment with ‘healthytreats’ Game Review: PES 2017 is more fun than FIFA Mobile Time for India to build future around cognitive computing, says IBM president India, Indonesia top destinations for Chinese investors seeking high yields Mangalore Refinery to shut 60,000 bpd crude unit for 25 days in April-May Mint On Sunday Free play is serious business Despatch from the Garden City: When Bengaluru celebrates its oldest residents Rolling rotis in Amritsar’s Golden Temple Letter from... A diet chart The 26 best date spots around the world Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
On Air: 9-12pm on Mon - Fri (Best Of 8-9am on Saturday) The Pat Kenny Show Pat Kenny brings his experienced broadcasting style and incisive analysis to the day's news and current affairs. Every weekday from 9-12pm Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions BUSINESS & TECH all Consumer Finance Product Reviews How to Tech BUSINESS & TECH Google considers bid for landmark Dublin property The US firm has been linked with a prominent south Dublin office building Business & Tech 8:09 16 Feb 2017 Joseph Conroy 1 hour ago Google is reported to have held informal talks with the owners of the Treasury Building - the NTMA's home on the Grand Canal - as the US firm considers a bid for the property. The Irish Independent states that these talks have been on-going for some two months and that Google is prepared to spend up to €125m on the Dublin property. This is well above the building's estimated value of €100m. The building is a short walk from Google's European HQ - the company is believed to be bringing 400 new jobs to the capital. It was wildly reported in January that Google is planning to create more roles in Dublin if it can find the right office space. Agents CBRE are managing the sale of one-third of the for Percy Nominees. The building was constructed in 1989 by Ambiorix, a company controlled by  Johnny Ronan, Paddy McKillen Jr and Liam Cunningham - it owns 67% of the property. The Treasury Building generates rent of more than €5m per annum. Google currently employs more than 6,000 people in Ireland. The internet giant has previously spent €99m and €100m on its current office blocks at Dublin's Grand Canal Dock. The NTMA is preparing to move to a new office on Dublin's North Wall Quay. None of the parties involved have commented on this report. 8:09 16 Feb 2017 Joseph Conroy 1 hour ago 4 Related articles Government wins Dáil motion of confidence Three people held over Kim Jong-Nam killing Opening Bell: Google linked to Treasury Building, US market highs, more trouble for Trump One in 9 people fear homelessness most popular latest sport Irish teenager makes plea for life-saving cancer treatment funds Teen's video plea funds €500k cancer treament Wayne Rooney could leave Man United - Scholes Ian Wright says Arsenal are a "shambles" site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 The Pat Kenny Show × Pat Kenny brings his experienced broadcasting style and incisive analysis to the day's news and current affairs. Every weekday from 9-12pm Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading...
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Watercooler Like Follow Follow This 7-year-old is not giving up after Google CEO's sweet rejection letter 13.5k Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Image: Andy bridgewater By Sasha Lekach2017-02-16 03:33:30 UTC After an apparently very influential career talk with her father, 7-year-old Chloe Bridgewater decided to go where many hopeful job seekers have gone before: the Google careers page.  SEE ALSO: Third grader has no time for your silly homework nonsense After submitting her version of an application to work at Google (addressed to "google boss"), she waited for a response. But instead of the dreaded non-response or generic form letter, she received a letter from the company's CEO, Sundar Pichai, just a few days later. Google confirmed the letters between the tech CEO and young girl from Hereford, England, are real. Letter-writer Chloe with her career coach and dad. Image: andy bridgewater In the letter, which wasn't exactly a rejection but more of a supportive message, Pichai wrote, "I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school! :)" He added encouragement for the girl to keep learning about computers, robots and technology, saying, "you can accomplish everything you set your mind to." my 7 yr old daughter wrote to the boss of Google asking for a job, she's so made up he replied! Thanks @sundarpichai pic.twitter.com/EMuANNHiVc — Andy Bridgewater (@B21DGY) February 13, 2017 This all started when a few weeks ago, her father, Andy Bridgewater, said in an email Wednesday. When the first-grade student asked her dad about his job as a refrigerator parts sales manager, he told her what he did. She then asked if there was anywhere else he'd want to work.  That's when Bridgewater told his daughter about Google. "I said Google would be cool and she asked why. So I showed her the pictures of their offices and the cool things they do." She was hooked after seeing the decked out Google campus in Silicon Valley, complete with bean bags, slides and go-karts.  When she said she wanted to work there too, he suggested she send an application, so she did (with some help from dad). In her "application," she was very up front about not really knowing how to apply for a job. "I don't really know what one of them is but [dad] said a letter will do for now," she wrote. She also offered up other possible careers if Google didn't pan out: chocolate factory worker and swimming in the Olympics. Image: andy bridgewater Like any good cover letter, she propped herself up: "My teachers tell my mum and dad I am very good in class and am good at my spelling and reading and my sums." And she gave specifics to show her skills. "My dad gave me a game where I have to move a robot up and down squares, he said it will be good for me to learn about computers." Bridgewater said he has no Google connections and his entire family — also consisting of his wife Julie and younger daughter Hollie — haven't even been to California. So he just sent the letter "and hoped for the best."  Her dad posted Pichai's response letter to his LinkedIn page earlier this week, where he explained how getting a response has given Chloe a confidence boost. "She is now even more eager to do well at school and work for Google." That post has been liked more than 94,000 times. For Chloe, who is still a kid and mentally healing from a scary car accident a few years ago when a taxi knocked her over, this is all a lot to handle, but still really exciting and encouraging, Bridgewater said. "Never imagined all this attention," he said.  As Chloe explained to Pichai, this was only her second letter she's written aside from one to Father Christmas — bet she didn't get this much of a reaction to that letter.  BONUS: Someone rigged Amazon Echo and Google Home to talk to each other and it's hilarious Topics: Parenting, UK, Family & Parenting, Google, job-applicant, Sundar Pichai, Watercooler, Work & Play About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Associate Sponsor Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Latest News Immersive Gossip Compare India Hockey League News18 Movie Awards 2017 Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Latest NewsImmersiveGossipCompare IndiaHockey LeagueNews18 Movie Awards 2017 Latest News Immersive Gossip Compare India Hockey League News18 Movie Awards 2017 Google CEO Sundar Pichai Replies to a Job Application by a 7-yr Old Girl Watch: ISRO PSLV-C37 Launch 104 Satellites in a Selfie Video Tata Motors and Microsoft Partner to Build Connected Cars for India Meizu M5s Android Marshmallow Smartphone Launched News18 » Tech 1-min read Google CEO Sundar Pichai Replies to a Job Application by a 7-yr Old Girl News18.com First published: February 16, 2017, 1:29 PM IST | Updated: 1 hour ago Google CEO Sundar Pichai. (Image: REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach) A 7-year old British girl wrote a letter to Google, asking for a job in the company and surprisingly enough got a reply to it as well. The reply to Chloe Bridgewater’s letter was sent by none other than the Google CEO ‘Sundar Pichai’. Andy Bridgewater, the girl’s father, shared a post on his LinkedIn account mentioning how his daughter was impressed with an image of the Google office having bean bags, go karts and slides. The girl then decided to write a letter to Google asking for a job. The girl very cleverly writes how she likes swimming, computers and playing games on her tab. She also mentions her good performance in her class and how her father motivates her to learn computers and get a job at Google in the future. Chloe Bridgewater's Letter and her dad - Andy Bridgewater.(Image: Andy Bridgewater/ LinkedIn) Also read: Jack Dorsey Buys $7 Million of Twitter Shares After it Misses Revenue Estimates Nobody in the girl’s family might have expected what happened next. They received a reply from the ‘Google Boss’ to whom her letter was addressed. Google CEO Sundar Pichai replied to the girl letter thanking her for her letter. He appreciated the girl’s ambitions and encouraged her to work hard towards her goals. Pichai mentioned that he will be waiting for Chloe’s job application once she is done with school. Sundar Pichai sent a letter to Chloe as a reply to her job application. (Image: Andy Bridgewater/ LinkedIn) Andy clearly mentions how his daughter is now even more enthusiastic to work harder in school and ultimately land a job in Google. Also read: How ISRO And NASA Achievements Have Shaped 'Space Exploration' Over The Years Google Google CEO Google Job job application Recommended For You Eugenie Bouchard Keeps Promise, Pays Off Blind Date Bet 2017 KTM Duke 390 and Updated Duke 200 to Launch in India on February 23 Virat Kohli and Steve Smith Inspire Skipper Joe Root We Collapsed, No Excuses, Says Arsenal Manager Arsene Wenger Kareena Kapoor Khan Says No Crash Diets To Lose Weight Post Pregnancy About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Malaysia Arrests Third Suspect in Connection With Murder of Kim Jong Nam Watch: ISRO PSLV-C37 Launch 104 Satellites in a Selfie Video Narendra Modi and Akhilesh Two Sides of Same Coin: Asaduddin Owaisi Tata Motors and Microsoft Partner to Build Connected Cars for India Shah Rukh Khan Hopes to Inspire Young Minds: Nayi Soch Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google, Amazon want smart speakers to be hands-free phones JC Torres - Feb 16, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit That smart speaker in your living room is just about to get smarter. Or maybe more invasive, for that matter. Google and Amazon, two companies that dabble in smartphones (or previously, for Amazon) are reportedly mulling over evolving their Amazon Echo and Google Home speakers from smart home hubs to part time hands-free smartphones. While it might seem like a small step, considering how both companies already have strong presences in the mobile market, it is going to be a big leap in terms of what the companies may or may not collect from users. Amazon Echo and Google Home would effectively become the modern equivalent of speaker phones. It isn’t an alien concept but it’s still an awkward behavior for many in practice. Even more so in this case, as you will be speaking to a speaker rather than to a phone. Then again, the Amazon Echo has almost become commonplace that speaking to a canister no long feels too weird anymore. One consideration for this new feature is whether the speakers themselves will connect to phone lines. They could, for example, get their own numbers or perhaps tap into existing land lines or smartphones. Either way, new hardware would be required at the very least, which means this generation of speakers could be left out in the cold. The biggest hurdle that the two companies will face, however, won’t be the technical. It will, instead, be about privacy. Technically, these speakers already do record some amount of audio all the time, which it requires in order to have that always listening effect. Phone conversations, however, are entirely different can of worms. Naturally, the two companies will promise they won’t record conversations, but they will most likely still harvest some metadata out of it. Such a new phase of development could throw a wrench in Apple’s plans of launching its own Siri-powered speaker. Rumors indicate that such a device is still in the prototyping stage, which could mean that Apple will be terribly late for the party when it does launch. SOURCE: Wall Street Journal Tags AmazonAmazon EchogoogleGoogle HomePhonessmart home Must Read Bits & Bytes PlayStation Now support is ending for many devices later this year Apple patents bezel-less iPhone tech to put Touch ID in display Fix self-driving car rules or face needless deaths, GM warns government Verizon’s Unlimited plan: Everything you need to know NES Classic Edition first impressions: Feels like the first time Latest Headlines Meizu M5s launched to offer a stylish mid-range option Feb 16, 2017 Moto G5, G5 Plus details leaked by retailer ahead of MWC debut Feb 16, 2017 iPhone 8’s 5.8-inch screen to have reserved function area Feb 15, 2017 LG G6’s UX 6.0 designed to exploit special 18:9 screen ratio Feb 15, 2017 IMAX virtual reality theater opens its doors in Los Angeles Feb 15, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Ford Fusion Sport Review: Blue Oval Q ship cancels mid-size family sedan boredom Feb 15, 2017 Lenovo ThinkCentre X1 All-in-One Windows 10 PC Review Feb 12, 2017 ROLI BLOCKS Review: Modular music system has room to grow Feb 11, 2017 2017 Dodge Durango R/T Review: No SRT required for this V8-powered SUV Feb 9, 2017 Huawei Mate 9 Review [International Edition] Feb 7, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars MOBILE Telenor rolls out Google’s RCS messaging to Android users in Europe and Asia Emil Protalinski@EPro February 16, 2017 12:00 AM Tags: Android, Google, RCS, Telenor Google and Norwegian carrier Telenor partnered today to give Android users Rich Communication Services (RCS) in Europe and Asia. Although SMS is the standard for mobile messaging, it’s just plain text. RCS is one of many attempts to offer a more enhanced messaging experience out of the box. The default SMS app on Android — unless the carrier decides to change it — is called Messenger. Google is using this app to push its implementation of RCS so that Android phones can offer features like group messaging, IP voice calls, and file-sharing. The service is powered by the Jibe RCS cloud (Google acquired Jibe in September 2015). Google brought RCS to Sprint users (U.S.) in November and Rogers users (Canada) in December. Telenor is the third carrier to come into the fold, which is a big deal given its services are not limited to just one country. Starting today, Telenor customers with Android phones are getting features like group chat, high-resolution photo sharing, and read receipts. The carrier is bringing RCS to its 214 million subscribers across Europe and Asia, including Norway, Denmark, Sweden, Hungary, Montenegro, Serbia, Bulgaria, Pakistan, Myanmar, Bangladesh, Thailand, Malaysia, and India. All customers need to do is download the latest version of Messenger for Android from Google Play. Much like Google’s deal with Sprint and Rogers, Telenor’s partnership also includes preloading Messenger as the standard messaging app for new Android devices next year. While Google is certainly making headway, it will be years before a significant number of Android users have access to RCS. Furthermore, carriers are implementing the standard in different ways. So far, Google has three on board, but there’s no indication other carriers want to use Google’s RCS. It’s also unfortunate that the company is pushing Messenger on these new Android phones, instead of one unified messaging app. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology CyberSecurity Google Fancy Bear: Leaked Google report shows how much the tech giant knows about Russian hackers The report allegedly reveals that Google was aware of Fancy Bear much before the DNC hack. By India Ashok February 16, 2017 08:15 GMT Google researchers noted that the hacker group primarily used its first-stage malware Sofacy for a large number of attacksReuters A leaked private report by Google from 2014, reportedly reveals that the tech giant was aware of cyberespionage group APT28, also known as Fancy Bear and Sofacy among others, much before cybersecurity experts linked the high profile DNC hack to the state-sponsored hacker group. The leaked report also reportedly details that Google hinted that the group worked for the Kremlin. Google titled the report "Peering into the Aquarium", considered to be a subtle and clever reference to the headquarters of Russian military intelligence unit GRU (Glavnoye Razvedyvatel'noye Upravleniye), which is popularly known as "The Aquarium". Google researchers noted that the APT28's two malware variants, Sofacy and X-Agent, "are used by a sophisticated state-sponsored group targeting primarily former Soviet republics, NATO members, and other Western European countries." "It looks like Google researchers were well aware of Sofacy before it was publicly disclosed," Matt Suiche, security researcher and the founder of Comae Technologies told Motherboard, after reviewing the report. "And also attributed Sofacy and X-Agent to Russia before it was publicly done by FireEye, ESET or CrowdStrike." In the report, Google researchers noted that the hacker group primarily used its first-stage malware Sofacy for a large number of attacks. However, it used its more customised and sophisticated X-Agent malware when going after "high-priority targets". "Sofacy was three times more common than X-Agent in the wild, with over 600 distinct samples," Google's report stated. Google's report also stated that Georgia had the highest submissions rate of X-Agent malware to VirusTotal, the public malware repository acquired by the tech giant in 2012, indicating that the country was a high-priority target for the attackers at one point. Despite being fairly dated, Google's report reveals APT28's sophisticated cyberespionage activities and techniques, much before the group became known to the world. The report also sheds light on how a tech giant like Google can collect data on government hacker groups thanks to the kind of data it can access. More Technology News Yahoo Verizon deal to see $250-$350m discount – report Russian cybercriminals made 75% of new ransomware last year claims Kaspersky Lab WikiLeaks: Flynn's resignation due to 'destabilization campaign' by Democrats, media and 'US spies' Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close One billion Yahoo user accounts hacked Columnists Matthew Carr “400 years ago Spain forcibly converted Muslims to Christianity – then expelled them. Have we learned nothing? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Huawei P10 to come in three attention-grabbing colours including green, gold and blue Leaked images show Huawei's flagship phone rocking some bold new... Microsoft teases Xbox Project Scorpio reveal at E3 2017 press conference 'Brace for big news,' the company teased in a tweet. Fancy Bear: Leaked Google report shows how much the tech giant knows about Russian hackers The report allegedly reveals that Google was aware of Fancy Bear much... Yahoo warns users of potential malicious activity on accounts between 2015 and 2016 Yahoo said hackers used forged cookies to gain illegal access to... Republicans want to know why EPA employees are using encrypted chat apps The party is worried the conversations run afoul of federal... Yahoo Verizon deal to see $250-$350m discount – report Verizon may reportedly close the Yahoo deal by the end of February. Amnesty International exposes mysterious espionage scheme against journalists and activists Meet 'Safeena Malik', the fake persona at the heart of a cyber... Sony patents wireless PlayStation VR system with HTC Vive-like room tracking PS4-powered virtual reality headset could ditch wires and expanded... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News US used depleted uranium in airstrikes against Isis in Syria About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
On Air: 9-12pm on Mon - Fri (Best Of 8-9am on Saturday) The Pat Kenny Show Pat Kenny brings his experienced broadcasting style and incisive analysis to the day's news and current affairs. Every weekday from 9-12pm Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions BUSINESS & TECH all Consumer Finance Product Reviews How to Tech BUSINESS & TECH Opening Bell: Google linked to Treasury Building, US market highs, more trouble for Trump Get up to speed with today's breaking business news... Business & Tech 7:28 16 Feb 2017 Joseph Conroy 2 hours ago Google is reported to have held informal talks with the owners of the Treasury Building - NAMA's home on the Grand Canal - as the US firm considers a bid for the property. The Irish Independent states that these talks have been on-going for some two months and that Google is prepared to spend up to €125m on the Dublin property. The building is a short walk from Google's Euroepan HQ - the company is beleived to be bringing 400 new jobs to the capital. ______________________________________________________ Donald Trump's pick to be the US labour secretary has withdrawn his nomination after being involved in an immigration scandal. Andrew Puzder has dropped out after allegations emerged he failed to pay taxes for five years for a former housekeeper who was not authorised to work in the US. One Republican source said six senators had asked the White House not to go through with Mr Puzder's confirmation hearing because were unable to vote for him. ______________________________________________________ The cost of motor insurance is up for discussion today by TD'S and Senators. The Oireachtas Finance Committee will review recommendations by Minister of State Eoghan Murphy, on how to reform the sector and ensure fairer premiums for consumers. The AA's Director of Consumer Affairs, Conor Faughnan says there are a number of serious problems that the industry has to get to grips with. ______________________________________________________ US markets continued to break new ground yesterday, gaining 0.5% and rising to 2,349.25 points. This comes as US President Donald Trump again indicated that he plans to lower taxes and simplify tax filing procedures. Positive retail and inflation data across the Atlantic also added to market confidence. 7:28 16 Feb 2017 Joseph Conroy 2 hours ago 4 Related articles Trump's pick for labour secretary withdraws his nomination Government wins Dáil motion of confidence Trump open to 'one state' Israel-Palestine solution Comedian defends sign language prank on Taoiseach most popular latest sport Irish teenager makes plea for life-saving cancer treatment funds Teen's video plea funds €500k cancer treament Wayne Rooney could leave Man United - Scholes Ian Wright says Arsenal are a "shambles" site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 The Pat Kenny Show × Pat Kenny brings his experienced broadcasting style and incisive analysis to the day's news and current affairs. Every weekday from 9-12pm Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading...
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Thursday, 16 Feb 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Thursday, 16 Feb 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > World   This seven-year-old girl asked Google for a job Share Tweet This seven-year-old girl asked Google for a job "My name is Chloe and when I am bigger I would like a job with Google" By News Desk Published: February 16, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email PHOTO: ANDY BRIDGEWATER/BUSINESS INSIDER Children nowadays dream of being many things – from president to astronaut. Seven-year-old Chloe Bridgewater, however, wants to work at tech industry giant, Google. Something she made clear in a letter she sent to ‘Google Boss’, Sundar Pichai. Google to make maiden visit to Pakistani universities The letter in which she asks Pichai for a job, was first shared on Business Insider by Chloe’s father Andy Bridgewater. It outlines her skills – “my teachers tell my mum and dad I am very good in class, and am good at my spelling and reading and sums.” Seven-year-old Chloe wrote a letter to Google’s CEO expressing interest in a job at the tech company. PHOTO: ANDY BRIDGEWATER The letter further expresses Chloe’s interest in working at Google’s head office which boasts bean bags, slides and go karts for their employees. Her other professional aspirations include wanting to work in a chocolate factory and swimming in the Olympics. The best part about the letter? A personal response from Google CEO, Pichai. Google can help you find your lost phone Chloe’s father shared a picture of the letter she received on LinkedIn. In the letter Pichai encourages Chloe to follow her dreams and keep working hard. “I’m glad that you like computers and robots, and hope that you continue to learn about technology,” the Google CEO wrote. “I think if you keep working hard and following your dreams, you can accomplish everything you set your mind to – from working at Google to swimming in the Olympics.” “I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school.” Google CEO Sundar Pichai wrote a personal reply to Chloe’s job application. PHOTO: ANDY BRIDGEWATER In his LinkedIn post, Chloe’s father said the young girl is “delighted after receiving this letter signed by Sundar Pichai himself”. Chloe had lost a great deal of confidence after being “knocked down” by a car a few years back and Andy says the letter has restored her confidence and “she is now even more eager to do well at school and work for Google” This article first appeared in Business Insider. Read more: Andy Bridgewater , Chloe Bridgewater , Google Read full story Recommended Stories 6 tricks for better search results on Google Find out here Smart solutions: Information on Karachi only one click away Shehri-CBE launches web portal on everything you need to know about local governance Food innovations: ‘Technology vital for agricultural growth’   He added there was a need improve the quality of higher education and learning innovations in agriculture Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 One killed in suicide attack on Peshawar judges 2 Man arrested in Lahore for selling sex toys 3 Karachi's top 10 restaurants, according to TripAdvisor 4 Momina Mustehsan breaks silence on broken engagement 5 Is Tesco coming to Pakistan? 6 How to lose 13 kilos in three months 7 The indestructible Nokia 3310 is making a comeback 8 Four bombers strike in 24 hours 9 10 ways to enter the United States if you're a Muslim 10 Volkswagen set to launch two new vehicles in Pakistan Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) Fashion Under One Roof Of Gems and WildFlowers Let’s Brunch More in WorldNorth Korea female agents are regime’s weapon of choice: defector © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Log in or Sign up Submit Post Advertise Search titles only Posted by Member: Separate names with a comma. Newer Than: Search this thread only Search this forum only Display results as threads Useful Searches Recent Posts More... Menu Home News Hub Article Hub Video Hub Competition Hub1 Competition Hub Quick Links Competition Index Rules, Terms & Conditions Market Hub Member's Hub Menu Home > News Hub > World News > World 7-year-old Girl Asks Google For Job, Gets Response From CEO Discussion in 'World News' started by Oluogunjobi, Feb 16, 2017 at 8:36 AM. Views count: 215 Tags: 7-year-old girl writes google for work chloe bridgewater writes google google ceo replies 7-year old girl letter nigerian bulletin news sundar pichai replies 7 year old girl world news Oluogunjobi Social Member Curators 7 year old Chloe Bridgewater, is pretty smart. She sent Google a handwritten letter noting her computer skills and expressing interest in working at a place that provides bean-bag chairs and go-karts for their employees. The 'Google boss', CEO Sundar Pichai, replied telling Chloe that he looks 'forward to receiving' her job application and encouraged the young girl to follow her dreams. Chloe lives in Hereford, England. She was inspired to write the letter after seeing images of Google offices filled with comfy bean-bags, go-karts and slides. And the original letter was shared with Matt Weinberger of Business Insider by Chloe's father Andy Bridgewater. The Bridgewater's received a response from Pichai earlier this month encouraging the little girl to keep working hard and follow her dreams. Chloe's letter to google 'I'm glad that you like computers and robots, and hope that you continue to learn about technology,' the Google CEO wrote. 'I think if you keep working hard and following your dreams, you can accomplish everything you set your mind to – from working at Google to swimming in the Olympics. 'I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school'. Google's CEO response letter to Chloe   Attached Files: chloe with her dad.PNG File size: 510.6 KB Views: 1 Oluogunjobi, Feb 16, 2017 at 8:36 AM #1 Like x 1 You may like Comments [You must log in or sign up to reply here.] Show Ignored Content Log in with Facebook Your name or email address: Do you already have an account? No, create an account now. Yes, my password is: Forgot your password? Stay logged in Today's Exchange Rate Currency Interbank Rate Market rate USD 305 510 GBP 378 625 EUR 324 535 Competitions Nigeria Quiz: Nigeria's Top Daily News Snapshot - 14-02-2017 (Day 254) Samguine Nigeria Quiz: Top 10 Crime Areas In Lagos (Day 253) Samguine Sponsored Posts What To Do If Your Partner Has A Terminal Illness Samguine Feb 9, 2017 0 comments Lily Hospital: Introduction To Affordable and Successful Fertility Services In Nigeria Samguine Feb 8, 2017 0 comments Wole Olu Signatures: Celebrate Valentine In Style Samguine Feb 8, 2017 0 comments Gionee M6 Phone: The New Way To A Man's Heart Samguine Feb 8, 2017 2 comments Unveiling The Gionee M6 Mirror: A Phone Bigger Than Your Needs Samguine Jan 31, 2017 0 comments Sponsor Nigerian Bulletin Featured Article Google Pixel Phone: The Iphone Killer? With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci... Samguine Feb 15, 2017 at 8:41 AM 5 comments Featured Video [Video] Nigeria 15-02-2017: Trump-Buhari Phone Call and Today's Other News Highlights This video highlights the top news updates in Nigeria as we saw it on Nigerian Bulletin on Wednesday, 15 February, 2017 ------ [SIZE=4] [URL='https://www.nigerianbulletin.com/threads/shiite-members-visit-ndigbo-community-leader-photos.233157/'... Oluogunjobi Feb 15, 2017 at 4:29 PM 0 comments Trending posts NB Daily Recharge: Comments From NB Competition Winners Samguine Feb 15, 2017 at 10:55 PM 76 comments Buhari Has Shortchanged Ndigbo, I Regret My Role In 2015 Elections - Okorocha RemmyAlex Feb 15, 2017 at 11:49 AM 0 comments Nigeria's Power Sector Attracts $1Bn Investment, After Trump-Buhari Call RemmyAlex Feb 15, 2017 at 2:35 PM 0 comments Saraki, Dogara Head To London To See President Buhari RemmyAlex Feb 15, 2017 at 3:06 PM 0 comments Osinbajo Showers Praises on Wike, Gives Him Nickname RemmyAlex Feb 15, 2017 at 4:25 PM 0 comments Latest Comments But Osibanjo is acting president with full powers!!! Full executive powers without legislative power. We now have - Federal Republic Of Abuja House, London by RemmyAlex, Feb 16, 2017 at 10:45 AM Trump just wants to sell military hardware to Nigeria by curator, Feb 16, 2017 at 9:01 AM I pray God will have mercy on you by chyfirst, Feb 16, 2017 at 8:02 AM Ghen Ghen ...Nokia 3310 vs Iphone 6 - Where is @Samguine? Lol. Iphones any time, any day. by Samguine, Feb 16, 2017 at 7:29 AM Prices of drugs skyrocket in Nigeria is the 8th news but its not there in the option by Adisa Habeeb, Feb 16, 2017 at 6:23 AM Company About Privacy Use Terms Advertise Contact Sitemap News Hub Politics News Business News Metro News World News Entertainment News Sports News Article Hub Jobs & Careers Money & Finance Cars & Technology Travel Health & Living Life Line Sponsored Posts Video Hub General Life & Living Social Fun Music & Movies Business Subscribe Log in Register Email Newsletter Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Menu Home News Hub Article Hub Video Hub Competition Hub1 Competition Hub Quick Links Competition Index Rules, Terms & Conditions Market Hub Member's Hub Menu NigerianBulletin.com is one of Nigeria's leading on-line destinations for the latest Nigerian trending news and updates, helpful articles and a community sharing the best, latest information on Nigeria and things that concern Nigerians. Some of the topics we cover include Nigerian political news, metro, sports, business and entertainment. In addition we provide articles on careers, health, technology, travel and money. These articles are designed to help Nigerians make informed decisions in their every day personal and professional lives. Terms and Rules Privacy Policy
null
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Thu, Feb 16, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X AI research needs to be done in the open - Google chair Eric Schmidt tells RSA conference that machine learning capabilities should not be confined to military research labs about 3 hours ago Elain Edwards in San Francisco Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Google’s parent Alphabet, told the RSA conference in San Francisco that research on machine learning and artificial intelligence needs to be done in the open and not by military research labs. (Photograph: Tony Avelar/Bloomberg)         Research on machine learning and artificial intelligence needs to be done in the open and not by military research labs, Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Google’s parent Alphabet has said. Mr Schmidt was speaking at the RSA Conference in San Francisco on Wednesday. Some 40,000 security professionals have been attending the event this week. Security threats discussed at hundreds of sessions include the Russian hacking of the Democratic National Committee in advance of the US presidential election last year, as well as threats to business, to government and to internet-connected devices. In conversation with journalist Gideon Lewis-Kraus, Mr Schmidt said machine learning capabilities, which allow computers to learn without being programmed, needed to be done in the open and not by military research labs. Mr Schmidt said that under a different scenario, “we’d spend all day worrying if they (the military) were in our networks; we wouldn’t know what they were doing. “The internet would begin to start getting shut down because of fear of the Russians or the Chinese or bilaterally,” he said. He said one of the questions the industry should be asking was whether it could come up with a way where countries would agree to not use machine learning technologies in a way that militarised the internet - “in other words a demilitarisation plan”. “Maybe I’m an optimist, but I’d like to see some discussions about that,” he said. Reiterating a fear he has written about in the past, Mr Schmidt said he was “extremely worried” about the likelihood that countries would begin to block the openness and interconnectedness of the internet. Globalisation and economic re-growth were dependent on such openness, he added. Mr Schmidt noted there had been a meeting last year between then US president Barack Obama and the Chinese president Xi Jinping in which they had agreed to reduce the number of attacks from China on the US. ADVERTISEMENT “I think getting the governments to agree that we are better off collectively by having a more open internet with less attacking - especially at nation state level - would be a clear improvement for everybody.” Google on Wednesday announced it was making available a new open source library called Tensorflow 1.0, which the company uses internally for machine learning. “We are doing this because we want to stimulate the (artificial intelligence) industry. We want you to build these solutions and identify these new opportunities,” Mr Schmidt said. He remarked on early machine learning techniques over a decade ago which had “discovered” the concept of cats on YouTube. “I would have liked them to discover something more profound. I was very upset,” he said. In a keynote address to the conference on Wednesday, Dr Hugh Thompson, chief technology officer of Symantec, thinking differently about analytics could transform the field of security. He said most discussion around the Internet of Things was currently about things that had been hacked, including cars and botnets. Most of the energy was currently being directed into the exposition of weaknesses in devices and a lot of people working on the security aspect were “still at the stage where we’re trying to comprehend how bad could this be”, he said. He proposed a standard for IoT devices that might look like a food label, which every single device would have physically attached or which would get transmitted digitally. It would list properties such as whether the device had Bluetooth connectivity. He suggested every device might also come with a behaviour graph to monitor what it should be doing. The conference concludes on Friday.       Topics: Eric Schmidt Google Read More Hackers will attack major infrastructure, conference hears Indeed begins advertising first of 500 new positions in Ireland Facebook says disclosures to US agencies have ‘appropriate safeguards’ How a Dublin teenager is helping you bring your secrets to the grave Verizon close to buying Yahoo’s core internet business Sex, drugs (well, coffee) and big data at the Dublin Tech Summit Cyber security experts warned of a hacked world MagGrow and MooCall selected for Alltech’s agri-tech accelerator Retroblox console goes modular to grip gamers Analytics firm NewsWhip raises $6.4m to fund expansion Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Personal Finance Just one in three of private sector workers have a pension Technology Adventure gaming for fans of Norse mythology Rugby Kieran Keane a strong contender be next Connacht coach Innovation The great innovation debate: has the revolution stalled? Sponsored How Concur’s 10-step guide could help streamline your supplier invoice process Would you like customer insight with that? The talech smart payment solution Europe’s fastest-growing online stockbroker targets reduced trading costs here Why a flagging libido doesn’t have to be part of your menopause experience ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Latest Business Just one in three of private sector workers have a pension 09:42 Laura Ashley sees profits plunge on falling sales and surging costs 09:17 Debenhams underpaid almost 12,000 workers 08:27 Norwegian Air International to open transatlantic routes 08:17 Nestle scales back growth targets amid economic jitters 07:59 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Retroblox console goes modular to grip gamers Tech Tools: The new device will play everything from NES to PSX Review: HTC Vive and the virtual reality revolution Tech Tools: Jumping into virtual worlds comes at a hefty price A wifi bowl and an activity tracker for your dog Tech Tools: Actijoy acts as your pet’s personal trainer and health monitor Review: Does the new MacBook Pro live up to the hype? Tech Tools: Touch controls? High quality display? Apple is trying to hit all the marks Most Read in Business 1 How a Dublin teenager is helping you bring your secrets to the grave 2 Norwegian Air International to open transatlantic routes 3 ‘Another decade’ before property supply meets demand 4 Master of High Court warns over vulture funds and ‘fake news’ 5 Fyffes melon workers’ dispute escalates as takeover nears 6 Debenhams underpaid almost 12,000 workers 7 Snapchat owner targets $22bn IPO 8 US airport Stewart likely Norwegian Air destination 9 Work begins on updating City Square in Waterford 10 Investors ‘shunning equities’ over Trump and Brexit Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log Adventure gaming for fans of Norse mythology Back to the future with the Internet History Podcast Lectures on superheroes from Marvel and the Smithsonian Explore ancient Greece and Rome in VR Joanie 4 Jackie: A digital archive of grunge-era women’s film-making Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Thu 16/2/2017 News Six Nations Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Six Nations Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live RADAR: More snow for New England Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Beluga whale tank at the Georgia Aquarium Bald eagle tends to her chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Live look at the beach surf in Belmar, NJ More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Google’s Geeky Method for Making Tough Decisions By Alyssa Newcomb Close Follow on Twitter More from Alyssa Apr 7, 2015, 2:58 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star Google A photo from the Dublin office of Google. 0 Shares Email Google's geeky way of making decisions is a lot like high school speech and debate. Laszlo Bock, senior vice president of people operations at Google and the author of the new book, "Work Rules! Insights from Inside Google That Will Transform How You Live and Lead," gave ABC News a peek into how Google tackles a problem. Mark Zuckerberg Reveals His Hiring Secret Google Co-Founder Says People Shouldn't Have to Work So Much Bill Gates Reveals What Makes Him Feel 'Pretty Stupid' "The way we approach it is with data," Bock said. "What we do is we have a problem, we get a set of facts and someone takes one position and someone takes an opposing position." For instance: One difficult decision was whether Google should continue offering search results in mainland China. "We supplemented it with data as much as we could and argued until we reached a decision," Bock said. Google shut down its search engine in mainland China in 2009 in protest of the country's online censorship. Since then, access to Google's suite of products has been severely limited and blocked in China. Other times, a decision is made because it is the "right thing to do" and the data comes later -- such as when Google expanded its maternity leave from 12 weeks to four months, including salary and bonuses. "We later discovered the data supported it and it made people happier," Bock said. TKTKTK |Eric Laurits Laszlo Bock, Google's senior vice president of people operations, is revealing insights from Google in his new book "Work Rules!" While working at Google may be a dream for many people, the company hires only 0.4 percent of 2 million applicants, according to Bock, making Google around 25 more times selective than Harvard or Stanford. Many of those who apply to Google won't even get an interview. However, Bock said, there are plenty of takeaways from Google that could be used in other companies to create a balance of structure and creativity. Google employees famously dine for free in the company's cafes and Bock said it's not because they "want people to be stuck on our campus." "We offer perks to build community," he said. "We do the cafes because we want people to bump into each other." It's those moments, Bock said, where Google's product ideas are often born -- including Google News. Perks are also offered to "make life easier for people" and aren't a total free ride. For instance, Bock said Googlers can enjoy on-site oil changes and drop their dry cleaning off at the office. "You pay for it, but it makes life easier for you. Most of them cost us nothing," he said. "The question is: Why don’t most companies do these type of things." For those people who dream of a job at Google, Bock offers this advice: "Don’t do the gimmicks," he said. "Literally, last week we received a 16-by-16 wooden crate and we opened it up and there was a robot inside." The robot had a button asking to be pushed. Not only did it not work but "this poor person spent all this time, effort, money and care, and it arrived -- and, yeah, we saw it, but it didn’t work or do anything to make us want to interview them." The bottom line, Bock said, is: "Just apply." 0 Shares Email Star Comments " The Geeky Way Google Makes Tough Decisions China carfentanil ban a 'game-changer' for opioid epidemic AP NewsAlert Colorado's 834 million dead trees threaten to worsen fires Gene editing patent ruling sways fortune of biotech hopefuls Yahoo issues another warning in fallout from hacking attacks Yahoo warns users of potential malicious activity on their accounts between 2015 and 2016 Swedish supermarket tests lasers to label organic produce French president calls for more cybersecurity for election " Ohio zoo's polar bear moves to Chicago to find romance " House Republicans seek investigation into potential illegal DOJ leaks " Trump's secretary of labor pick Puzder withdraws nomination " Guilty plea expected involving San Bernardino terror attack Democrats and some Republicans want to stop Trump from lifting Russia sanctions
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live RADAR: More snow for New England Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Beluga whale tank at the Georgia Aquarium Bald eagle tends to her chick in Fort Myers, Fla. Live look at the beach surf in Belmar, NJ More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Quitting Facebook: What Happens When You Deactivate? By KI MAE HEUSSNER May 11, 2010 0 Shares Email Star /ABC News 0 Shares Email For most of us, it will likely never be more than an idle threat. But what happens if you actually do decide to sign off from Facebook -- for good? Frustrated by privacy changes or perhaps simply overwhelmed by the non-stop online chatter, Facebook users sometimes say it's time to go cold turkey. But a few really do follow through. After Facebook's most recent changes and the discovery of a (now-fixed) security hole that let users see friends' chats, complaints from Facebook users erupted last week in comment threads and even a dedicated protest page on the site. But Peter Rojas, co-founder of the popular user-generated gadget site gdgt, announced on Twitter that he was actually going to cut the cord. "I was spending more time managing my account than actually using my account," he toldABCNews.com. "Having to constantly monitor the privacy settings was way too complicated. You can never be sure if you actually caught everything." Before Deactivation, Facebook Lists Friends Who Will Miss You Rojas said that though he never expected others in the tech community to respond to his action, he thinks the Facebook privacy issue is a big one. "I'm happy to use the site, but I don't want to be sharing my private updates [and] personal information with other Web sites," he said. After hitting the "deactivate" button listed under "Account Settings," he said the site tried to convince him to stay. Before completing the process, Facebook asks the question "Are you sure you want to deactivate your account?" and displays pictures of a few friends, captioned with the lines "[Friend's name here] will miss you." "It just seemed really desperate in a way that Facebook doesn't need to be desperate," he said. Maybe someone at Facebook thought it might be a clever way to bid departing users farewell, he said, but it "just seems kind of weird to be so almost pathetic. They certainly don't need to do that. It's not like they're hemorrhaging users." But according to the tech blog Search Engine Land, more and more people seem to be at least curious about how to delete their Facebook pages. Tech Blog: More People Searching for How to Delete Facebook Accounts In a blog post Monday, editor-in-chief Danny Sullivan said that while doing a "how do I" search on Google he noticed that "how do I delete my facebook account" was one of the top suggested search topics. According to Google, suggested search topics are based on the queries of others and are determined algorithmically without human intervention. The popularity of search terms is one of the factors used in the algorithm. To see how recent the Facebook trend was, Sullivan used Google Trends, which shows the popularity of certain searches over certain periods of time. Although there was not enough search volume for "how do I delete my facebook account," he said he found something interesting when he entered "delete facebook account." "Yes, there is definitely a rising trend," he wrote. "Over time, more and more searches at Google have involved it, it appears." Facebook Users Can Deactivate or Permanently Delete Accounts He also wrote that if you start typing in "delete" into the Google search box, the first suggested topic is "delete facebook account." Facebook gives users the option to deactivate or delete their accounts, though listed under "Account Settings," the deactivate option is much easier to locate. To find the delete option, users have to search for the option in the site's "Help Center." If a user decides to deactivate an account, the profile information is no longer available on Facebook, but the site still saves all of the information in case the user returns. "We preserve the account in its entirety. People often deactivate for temporary reasons and expect their content and information to be there for them when they return," a Facebook spokesman said in a statement. The user is taken off Community pages, photos tagged with her are de-tagged and status updates or other information posted to her own page are taken down. Posts on friends' walls remain, but the person's name appears in unclickable text. Facebook Waits 14 Days Before Deleting Account Still, Facebook said third-party applications or sites might be able to hold on to that information "to the extent permitted by our policies." If a user turned over credit card information on Facebook to buy virtual gifts or make other purchases, that information is also retained by Facebook. The social network said there is no limit on how long a user can keep her account deactivated. But if a Facebook user really wants to make the separation permanent, she can choose to delete the account altogether. If a user goes to the "Help Center" and searches for "delete account," she is directed to a link that lets her send a deletion request to Facebook. Once they receive the request, the spokesman said the site waits 14 days before deleting the account. "Because deletion is irreversible, this allows people who mistakenly submitted a request to let us know so we can cancel it," the Facebook spokesman said. After the 14 days, Facebook said it purges the user's information from the site. The policy says copies of some materials may remain for "technical reasons," but Facebook did not immediately explain this further. Though Facebook said it collects information about how many users have deactivated or deleted accounts, the spokesman said it generally does not publicize that information. Industry Watcher: Facebook Continues to Grow Still, despite user complaints and possible curiosity about leaving the site, industry watchers say Facebook appears to be attracting even more people. "The site is still growing really fast as far as we can tell. It's growing fast, especially some of the younger [users], men and women in their 20s," said Eric Eldon, co-editor of the Inside Network, which runs the Inside Facebook blog. He said Facebook grew by at least 4 million U.S. users in March to reach 117 monthly unique visitors and added about 20 million global users to reach more than 400 million users worldwide. "One concern at this point is that Facebook can do so many changes that eventually people get fed up and delete their accounts, or at least stop using the site regularly," he said. But "that's always a concern but it hasn't happened yet." "Maybe Facebook is so ingrained in people's lives so it's not a risk," he continued. "This is all such new territory." 0 Shares Email Star Comments " What Happens When You Quit Facebook? China carfentanil ban a 'game-changer' for opioid epidemic AP NewsAlert Colorado's 834 million dead trees threaten to worsen fires Gene editing patent ruling sways fortune of biotech hopefuls Yahoo issues another warning in fallout from hacking attacks Yahoo warns users of potential malicious activity on their accounts between 2015 and 2016 Swedish supermarket tests lasers to label organic produce French president calls for more cybersecurity for election " Ohio zoo's polar bear moves to Chicago to find romance " House Republicans seek investigation into potential illegal DOJ leaks " Trump's secretary of labor pick Puzder withdraws nomination " Guilty plea expected involving San Bernardino terror attack Democrats and some Republicans want to stop Trump from lifting Russia sanctions
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 16 February 2017 | MYT 2:09 PM Huawei said to plan its own voice assistant for smartphones by mark gurman Ambitious plans: A file photo of Huawei's mobile phones. The company is working on an assistant that would communicate in Chinese languages and target domestic users while continuing to work with Google and Amazon's Alexa service outside China, a source said. — Reuters Huawei Technologies Co, the third-largest smartphone maker, is preparing to enter the competitive world of digital assistants with its own voice-powered service, people familiar with the matter said.  A team of more than a hundred engineers is in the early stages of developing the technology at its Shenzhen, China offices, one of the people said. The efforts are extensive and are aimed at Apple Inc's Siri, Amazon.com Inc's Alexa, and Alphabet Inc's Google Assistant, not smaller players, the person said.  Huawei's assistant would communicate in Chinese languages and target domestic users while the company will continue to work with Google and Amazon's Alexa service outside China, a one of the other people said. They asked not to be identified as the details are private.   Building its own answer to Siri may help Huawei devices stand out in a crowded Chinese market, where many Google services that come with the dominant Android smartphone operating system are blocked.   Huawei is targeting US$33bil (RM147.08bil) in sales from its consumer business this year. The company trails only Apple and Samsung Electronics Co in global smartphone shipments as it pushes upmarket with premium features.   Having a major Android device manufacturer choose to build a voice assistant in-house may throw another wrench in Google's plans. Huawei last month announced it would use Alexa on its Mate 9 smartphones in the US. Currently, the Google Assistant only runs on Google's Pixel smartphone, Home speaker and smartwatches running the latest version of the Android Wear software. The largest online search company is trying to get third-party device makers to pre-install its assistant, according to people familiar with the talks.  Spokespeople for Huawei and Google declined to comment.   Huawei is not the first Android device manufacturer to develop its own service over using Google's.   Samsung acquired Viv Labs last year, a startup formed by some Siri founders, to serve as the basis for its own voice assistant. Samsung plans to release the first devices with this new technology later this year. Chinese search giant Baidu Inc announced its own voice service in 2015. — Bloomberg Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Corporate News , Technology Related Stories You May Be Interested Ford bets big on artificial intelligence Spotify expands with World Trade Centre move Clash of Clans maker profit up despite Pokemon challenge Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Huawei said to plan its own voice assistant for smartphones Others Also Read Spanish giants to host coaching clinics at college in Negri Sembilan Places to go on a weekend Made to match an active lifestyle advertisement Latest News Bank Negara to work closely with Cabinet on forex losses Carpool and save with GrabShare DBS profit slumps to two-year low on oil and gas bad debts Maybank Indonesia posts record earnings in FY16 Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Most Viewed in Tech Pokémon Go: The universe expands Nokia 3310 on the comeback trail: report Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Carpool and save with GrabShare Stand up to cancer Lenovo’s profit misses estimates after PC rivals erode lead Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Smartphone maker Huawei catching up on Samsung, Apple: study Apple struggles to make big deals, hampering strategy shifts Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Amazon Echo Vs. Google Home: Gene Munster Breaks It Down Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} February 15, 2017 3:06pm   Comments Share: Related AMZN Moosejaw, Michigan-Based Outdoor Retailer, Bought By Wal-Mart Wayfair Should Hit $1 Billion In Sales During Q4 Data Shows Traditional CDNs Are Losing Competitive Edge In U.S. Mobile App Arena (Seeking Alpha) Related GOOGL Apple, Alphabet, Panera, Tesla: Fast Money Picks For February 15 Dysfunction, Heartbreak And Love: 11 Most Interesting Corporate Couples Soros Goes For Facebook, Appaloosa Cuts Apple; Airlines Popular (Investor's Business Daily) ILoup Ventures' Gene Munster broke down the rivalry between the smart speakers of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL), named Echo and Google Home, respectively. Based on a test, in which 800 different everyday queries were posed to Amazon Echo and Google Home, Loup Ventures found Google's fared better, answering 39.1 percent of the queries correctly compared to Echo's 34.4 percent. Meanwhile Echo understood 94.4 percent of the queries compared to 77 percent for Google Home, the firm noted. Test Results Along Lines of Core Strength Analyzing the results, Munster noted Amazon fared better on queries related to commerce, while Google did well on information. The queries asked were divided into five categories, namely local, commerce, navigation, information and command. With Amazon Prime members now being able to order products via voice control, Munster believes Alexa, Amazon's voice-controlled intelligent personal assistant service, can only help re-order simple, consumable products. He also pointed to reports of Amazon working on introducing an Echo model with a touchscreen sometime in 2017. Meanwhile, the analyst noted Google Home's role in commerce was restricted to giving store recommendations and price quotes. Loup Ventures believes Google Home's advantage is in information, though it fared better than Echo in navigation and command categories as well. This, according to the firm, is facilitated by Google Assistant's ability to engage in two-way conversations. This contrasts with Alexa, which needs to be asked complete individual queries each time and can't engage in two-way dialogue. Related Link: Ask Siri: How Will You Keep Up Amazon's Alexa? Strengths Vs. Weakness of Home Assistants Strength: Loup Ventures outlined Home audio control as the strength of Home Assistants, with Echo and Google Home being able to connect with Spotify, Pandora Media Inc (NYSE: P) and TuneIn. Additionally, Echo has access to Amazon Music and iHeartRadio and Google Assistant has access to Google Play Music and YouTube Music, the firm added. However, the firm noted that Echo is constrained by the necessity of Echo owners to be Amazon Prime Music or Spotify Premium subscribers to play specific songs. Weakness : Noting that Navigation Support and Reminders are the weaknesses, Loup Ventures said these are minor issues that will be fixed in the future. Next Logical Step Munster sees a bright future for these platforms as companions to VR and AR. The analyst believes the next logical step is adding third-party developers to the mix. Amazon already offers third-party add-ons, which it calls as skills, the analyst noted. Unlike Amazon, the analyst noted that Google is not needing users to download or enable skills but it announced conversation actions platform. This platform allows developers to create back-and-forth conversations with users through Google Assistant. Munster said he expects others, including Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT), to push further into the space. "Our homes have just begun to be connected and we expect home assistants to be one of the centerpieces of managing our lives in the future," Munster said. Posted-In: Alexas Amazon Echo Echo Gene Munster Google HomeAnalyst Color Top Stories Tech Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + AMZN) The Mind Of Munger: Berkshire's Vice Chairman Speaks On Wells Fargo, Trump And More Did Warren Buffett Overpay For Apple? Gadfly Lays Out The Case Moosejaw, Michigan-Based Outdoor Retailer, Bought By Wal-Mart Apple Investment Strategies: As Icahn Sells, Buffett And Einhorn Load Up Wayfair Should Hit $1 Billion In Sales During Q4 Amazon To Launch Clothing Line? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on AMZN Trending Recent 1 KOOL, STNG: 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 TECK, RIO: Kerrisdale Capital: Northern Dynasty Stock 'Is A Zero' 3 AEZS, ZAIS: 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 4 DBD, DISCA: Must Watch Stocks for February 14, 2017 5 MU: Micron Under Selling Pressure 6 BG, NTAP: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watchin... 7 BABA, GRPN: Groupon Pops 20% Afte... 1 Beer Market In Turkey Is Shrinking Due To Constricting Government Regulations 2 DJCO, AAPL: The Mind Of Munger: Berkshire's Vice Chairman Speaks On Wells Far... 3 Intracranial Pressure (ICP) Monitoring Market Segments Based on Geogra... 4 CPK, FOSL: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Groupon Surges After Strong Q4 R... 5 PF, TWNK: What It Will Take For Pinnacle Foods To Climb To The... 6 Stock Index Futures Higher 7 AQMetrics: Leading RegTech Company Delivering Regulat... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Baird Says 'Stay Long' Home Depot And Lowe's Ahead Of Q4 Results Beer Market In Turkey Is Shrinking Due To Constricting Government Regulations
Change Country United States United Kingdom Germany Featured Sections Video Fashion Beauty Living Health Entertainment Tech News Follow Us Video The Skinny Style Out There Shatterbox Anthology Trying Living With Lucie Womanhood 60 Seconds To Fit All R29 Series Fashion Styling Tips Designers Street Style Trends Celebs & Influencers College Shopping Boutiques Beauty How To Videos Hair Nails Makeup Skin Care Fragrance Celebs & Influencers Beauty Prep School Living Travel Home Food & Drinks Work & Money Weddings Health Trends Diet & Nutrition Fitness Sex Spirit Entertainment News TV Movies Books & Art Music Pop Culture Red Carpet Tech News Vote Your Values Election 2016 Culture People U.S. News World News Follow refinery29 Refinery29 uk de Now Reading 7-Year-Old Asked Google For A Job 7-Year-Old Asked The "Google Boss" For A Job & Got This Response Amelia Edelman February 16, 2017, 3:45 AM Photo: West Coast Surfer/Mood Board/REX/Shutterstock We're constantly applauding amazing, dedicated women who work in tech. But the ratio of women to men in the tech world is still laughable. Luckily, 7-year-old Chloe Bridgewater is out to change that. This kid, who is a fan of computers as well as those much-touted tech-giant office amenities, up and applied for a job at Google recently. That's a cute enough story as it is, but get this: Google CEO Sundar Pichai sent a really sweet response. Business Insider published Chloe's application letter, which was shared by her father, Andy Bridgewater. The missive aptly begins "Dear Google boss," and makes a pretty solid case for hiring Chloe. After all, she is experienced in tablet usage, computer games, swimming, spelling, reading, sums, and robot-moving. What more could a potential employer ask for, really? "My dad told me that if I carry on being good and learning things that one day I will be able to have a job at Google," Chloe writes. She explains that she doesn't know what a job application is, but hopes that her letter will do for now. "Thank you for reading my letter," she concludes. "I have only ever sent one other and that was to Father Christmas. Good bye." Pichai responded to thank Chloe for her letter and to admire her many achievements. "I think if you keep working hard and following your dreams, you can accomplish everything you set your mind to — from working at Google to swimming in the Olympics," he said. "I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school!" He even threw in a smiley-face emoji for good measure (and because, technology). Well done, Pichai. We're pretty sure Chloe is going to be the CEO of Google in 20 years or so — and imagine how silly you'd feel if you hadn't responded so nicely to her job application. Although if she changes her official title from CEO to "Google Boss," that's cool too. Advertisement Living Photo: West Coast Surfer/Mood Board/REX/Shutterstock More from Tech How To Travel Like A Pro Best Apps Madeline Buxton 12 hours ago If You Want To Hear Back About A Job, Add This To Your Email Tech Madeline Buxton 14 hours ago The Coolest Google Search Hacks You've Been Missing Out On Tech Madeline Buxton 16 hours ago These Women Are Dispelling "Women In Tech" Stereotypes Tech Christina Bonnington Sep 16, 2016 Internet Explodes After Most Recent Trump-Russia Allegations Tech Michael Hafford Feb 15, 2017 Should You Be Concerned About "Dark Posts" On Your Facebook Feed? Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 14, 2017 People Were Not Pleased With This Twitter Change Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 14, 2017 The First Trailer For Apple's New Reality Show Is Here & We Are Obsessed Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 14, 2017 This Is What Your Dating App Photos Really Convey Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 14, 2017 Donald Trump's Mar-A-Lago Phone Security Is A Terrifying Joke Tech Michael Hafford Feb 14, 2017 Everything You Need To Know About The New iPhone 8 Rumors iPhone Madeline Buxton Feb 13, 2017 11 Tips That Will Make You A Google Maps Expert Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 13, 2017 The Dating App Bios It's Time To Bid Farewell To Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 13, 2017 Activia's New Campaign Is A MAJOR Win For Girls Who Code Tech Caroline Stanley Feb 13, 2017 © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS By using our service, you agree to our Terms (effective 2/07/2017) and Privacy (effective 2/07/2017). REFINERY29 name & logo and R29 logo are trademarks of Refinery 29 Inc.
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. GROW Here's What Happened When a 7-Year-Old Girl Applied to Google No, she didn't get a job. She got something that's probably a lot better. By Bill Murphy Jr. Bill Murphy Jr. is executive editor at TheMid.com and the founder of ProGhostwriters.com. Contact him at billmurphyjr.com. @BillMurphyJr Executive editor, TheMid.com, and founder, ProGhostwriters.com@BillMurphyJr WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement Maybe you feel like you're stuck in a dead end job, or working at something that feels temporary at best, while you try to figure out what you really want in your professional life. Perhaps you worry that even if you did figure it out, you might not actually have the drive to go for it. Meet Chloe Bridgewater, a 7-year-old girl living in Hereford, England. She probably won't grow up to have that problem. Her dream job? Through her seven-year-old eyes, anyway, it's to work at Google. She saw some pics of the company's offices, "with their bean bags, go-karts, and slides," her father, Andy Bridgewater, wrote in a post on LinkedIn, and that was all she needed to decide it was the closest thing to getting paid to be a kid. Google Boss and Father Christmas With her dad's encouragement, Chloe wrote a letter to Google's CEO. Here's part of what it said (her dad shared it with Business Insider.) Dear Google Boss, My name is Chloe and when I am bigger I would like a job with Google. I also want to work in a chocolate factory and do swimming in the Olympics. ... My dad told me if I carry on being good and learning then one day may I will be able to have a job at Google. ... My dad told me to give you an application ... I don't really know what one of them is but he said a letter will do for now. Thank you for reading my letter, I have only ever sent one other and that was to Father Christmas. Good bye. Chloe Bridgewater, Age 7 Is there an opening for a vice-president of cuteness? Adorable, right? (As an aside, what's up with kids always announcing their ages? Just once, for the sheer fun of it, I'd like to receive a serious job application signed something like, "Howard McCarthy, Age 33.") But I digress. As the elder Bridgewater went on to describe in his LinkedIn post, Chloe's letter elicited a response from Google CEO Sunda Pichai. (You can see Pichai's letter here. Business Insider says they verified its authenticity.) Of course, it's short and sweet: "I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school," Pichai wrote. Still, that little 6-line letter left his daughter "delighted" the elder Bridgewater wrote, and left her "even more eager to do well at school" (and to work for Google). What you can learn from a 7-year-old So, it's a cute story. But is it really unique? And if not, does it matter? Because I highly suspect that a decade and a half ago, kids were sending cute little letters like this to Microsoft, and 30 years ago they were writing to Jack Welch at GE. Seventy years ago they probably wrote to Henry Ford. The difference of course was that there was no social media for proud parents to show off their work to the world. But before you take a hard-hearted, cynical view of this story, consider the takeaways: First, it's never too early to start networking. In 10 or 15 years when Chloe Bridgewater is applying for her first "real job," she'll have a heck of an ice-breaker story. Second, you never know how much impact a small act of kindness will have. Kudos to Pichai for taking the few minutes the letter must have required. And finally, especially if you're stuck somewhere, trying to figure out what you really want out of life, remember this: If you never ask for what you want, you're not going to like the answer. Like this column? Sign up to subscribe to email alerts and you'll never miss a post. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Feb 16, 2017 Advertisement
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices A 7-year-old wrote a letter to Google asking for a job—here's how the CEO responded CNBC Kathleen Elkins 4 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 27 things you probably didn't know about Netflix The most expensive trailer parks in the US Click to expand Replay Video QQ: The closest thing to Snapchat in China QQ instant messenger may look like an online dinosaur compared to its sister Chinese network WeChat. But its young demographic helps this 18-year-old platform fill the niche taken by Snapchat in the U.S. Photo: Tencent The Wall Street Journal. Trump: 'We are cutting regulations big league' President Trump met with retail executives, Feb. 15, at the White House. The Washington Post US solar installations almost doubled in 2016 A new report shows solar installations made up the largest group of electricity generating capacity of any energy source. CNBC SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO This 7-year-old wrote to Google asking for a job — the CEO responded CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next QQ: The closest thing to Snapchat in China The Wall Street Journal.1:01 Trump: 'We are cutting regulations big league' The Washington Post2:00 US solar installations almost doubled in 2016 CNBC0:31 A $4M Lamborghini recall CNBC1:50 Inside Ford's giant China factory CNN Money2:23 US companies in China change their tune on trade Reuters1:45 Aetna CEO: Obamacare exchanges are in a death spiral Fox Business0:39 Trump wall doesn't stop Siemens Mexico deal Reuters1:34 World's most popular YouTuber could be losing a lot of money Newsy1:23 Cash ban spotlights India's digital divide The Wall Street Journal.4:08 NASA taps private sector to fund Mars exploration CNBC0:34 Walmart acquires outdoors retailer Moosejaw for $51 million Wochit Business0:47 There are 18,000 high-risk dams in this nation, expert says CNBC5:48 Inside Tata Motors' 97% quarterly profit plunge Bloomberg1:59 Steps to take today to advance your career The Wall Street Journal.3:45 Nudity is back at Playboy Veuer0:50 UP NEXT Don't ask, don't get, right? On that principle, seven-year-old Chloe Bridgewater, who lives in Hereford, UK, wrote a letter to Google asking for a job. Popular Searches Ralph Lauren Corp RL ▼ 79.17 -0.32 -0.40% Michael Kors Holdings Ltd KORS ▼ 38.05 -0.05 -0.13% Sanderson Farms Inc SAFM ▲ 93.83 +0.82 +0.88% Tyson Foods Inc TSN ▲ 65.33 +0.33 +0.51% "After seeing images of Google offices with their bean bags, go-karts and slides my 7-year-old daughter decided to write to Google to see if they would give her a job," Andy Bridgewater writes on LinkedIn. Bridgewater provided CNBC with the original letter, addressed to "google boss": Like a skilled job seeker, Chloe discusses her own qualifications ("I like computers") and explains why she believes she would be a good fit for the company. She even provides references: "My teachers tell my mum and dad that I am very good in class and am good at my spelling, reading, and my sums." She also mentions that this is not only her first application but virtually her first letter: "I have only ever sent one other and that was to Father Christmas." © Provided by CNBC The letter caught the eye of Google's CEO Sundar Pichai, who wrote back with encouragement: "I think if you keep working hard and following your dreams, you can accomplish everything you set your mind to — from working at Google to swimming in the Olympics. "I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school!" Here's Pichai's full note: © Courtesy of Andy Bridgewater A Google spokesperson confirmed to CNBC that the letter is, in fact, the real deal. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development TechnologySecurity ET Home›Small Biz›Security-Tech›Technology 03:13 PM | 16 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,306150.61 NIFTY 50 8,77954.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,283140.00 USD/INR 66.940.03 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex surges 150 points; Nifty50 nears 8,800 level Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW How ISRO helped Planet create its own world record, image entire planet, every day By Pranbihanga Borpuzari, ECONOMICTIMES.COM | Updated: Feb 16, 2017, 02.53 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » terra bella | Robbie Schingler | PSLV | planet | ISRO | Google | Flock 3p The 88 Dove satellites (collectively known as "Flock 3p") rode aboard a PSLV rocket from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota, India. Panneerselvam vs Sasikala: Who will lead Jayalalithaa's party? Track the turmoil in Tamil Nadu here When the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) created a record by blasting 104 satellites into space on Wednesday it was not the only one entering the record books. With its remarkable feat ISRO helped a pioneering US-based startup, Planet, put 88 satellites in orbit- the largest satellite constellation ever, which would enable the company to image the entire planet daily. ISRO's achievement was so remarkable that it went largely unnoticed that Planet now has the capability to image every piece of land, every day. The satellites launched are small and lightweight, but the combined strength is much more than what your conventional military satellites can achieve. Planet's journey started in 2011 when it set the bold mission of imaging the entire Earth land area every day. Their internal calculation said it would take between 100-150 satellites to achieve this and it set about building it. The extraordinary effort involved miniaturizing the satellites, learning to produce them at scale, reducing cost to a fraction, building the world's second largest private network of ground stations; customizing an automated mission control system, creating the systems to process the vast amount of image that would be generated and developing a software that would allow its customers to make sense of the images. Today Planet operates 144 satellites in orbit. "We were convinced that armed with such data, humanity would be able to have a significant positive impact on many of the world's greatest challenges," said Planet, co-founder and Chief Strategy Officer, Robbie Schingler in a statement. Schingler says next up is getting this data to its customers and to those who need it the most. Who needs the data? It has been an eventful 2017 for Planet. On February 3, the company announced it is acquiring Google's satellite arm Terra Bella, which included the SkySat constellation of satellites. On closing the deal Google will enter into a multi-year contract to purchase Earth-imaging data from Planet. Google has acquired Terra Bella about two years ago for as much as $500 million. We are in the midst of resurgence in the commercial space arena and companies like Google depend on satellites to power everything from its Maps to cloud services. Facebook, Yahoo!, Microsoft, Michelin, the list of corporate that depend on satellite imagery is long. From Mapping & Planning, Media, Energy & Exploration, Security, Defense & Intelligence, Insurance, Engineering & Construction, Civil Government, Forestry, Maritime and Agriculture sector, satellite imagery is vital and Planet has positioned itself in a unique position where it can image every part of earth's land mass. The nature of information that Planet can now provide is mindboggling. Planet calls its satellites 'Dove' and Schingler says, "It's taken a minor Apollo project to get here." For now Planet has the herculean task of processing terabytes of data every day. Here are some additional facts and figures regarding this launch: 1. The 88 Dove satellites (collectively known as "Flock 3p") rode aboard a PSLV rocket from the Satish Dhawan Space Centre in Sriharikota, India. 2. This leads to two world records: a record for the most satellites ever launched on a single rocket; and a record for the largest private satellite constellation in history, totaling 149 satellites in all. 3. This is our 15th launch of Dove satellites and second aboard India's PSLV. The launch of Flock 3p comes off the successful launch of Flock 2p on the PSLV in June 2016. 4. After deployment, all 88 satellites will be autonomously commissioned in batches. We expect Flock 3p to enter normal imaging operations in about three months. 5. Each of the Flock 3p satellites-our 13th build-sports a 200 mbps downlink speed and is capable of collecting over 2 million km per day. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Want to post your ad? Switch to Colombia Colombia Top 10 Highest Earning Bollywood Playback Singers Bollywood Union 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Scooter's back, with new hero on road Real Estate From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Help Vamsi become India's next badminton big! Milaap Pre-Launch Lodha Palava Central Park 1,2&3 BHK @ 37 Lac+ Lodha Palava City Earn ~ 10% / yr rent + capital appreciation in Commercial RE PROPERTY SHARE Buy all new Kindle 6-inch @ just $79.99 Amazon Science & Technology Science & Technology Adequate security in place for coastal states: Kiren Rijiju Mike Markkula - Meet Apple’s first 10 employees READ MORE ON » terra bella | Robbie Schingler | PSLV | planet | ISRO | Google | Flock 3p To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented How ISRO helped Planet create its own world record, image entire planet, every day Amazon to open food-only outlets along with an online platform to sell locally produced items Former CFO Rajiv Bansal often came across as a 'misfit' at Ola Google in buyout talks with Indian startups and VC firms Snapdeal set to raise prices, seek higher margins from sellers More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Sensex, Nifty Live|Elections 2017 Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Sections Latest Popular Search Sign in My Account | Sign Out TNY Store The Joys of Golf, No Matter the Weather or the President by David Owen Donald Trump Versus the World by John Cassidy A Heavenly Respite at the Westminster Dog Show by Jia Tolentino How Elizabeth Warren Found a Villain in Andy Puzder by Benjamin Wallace-Wells Donald Trump Versus the World by John Cassidy The Embarrassment of President Trump by Jeffrey Frank Another Judge Has a Problem with Trump by Amy Davidson DeVos Says Trump’s Forty-Per-Cent Approval Rating Means More Than Half of Country Supports Him by Andy Borowitz Go Sign in My Account | Sign Out News Culture Books Business & Tech Humor Cartoons Magazine Video Audio Archive Goings On Search Culture Desk The Joys of Golf, No Matter the Weather or the President By David Owen   12:00 A.M. In New York City, all but one of the public golf courses stay open during the winter.CreditPhotograph by Ernst Wrba / Alamy A few years ago, a Google app on my phone offered to navigate me to “work.” I didn’t know what to make of that, because my office is in my house, so I clicked the tab and discovered that Google had deduced, based on how I spend my time during a typical week, that I must work at 10 Golf Course Road—the address of my golf club. Google must also think I get laid off every winter, because between early December and early April I hardly ever go to the club. I live up in the hills in western Connecticut, a hundred miles north of New York, and our course almost always shuts down within a week or two of Thanksgiving. That doesn’t mean I quit playing, however. My friends and I spend hours every winter searching the Web for open courses within plausible driving distance of where we live. Playing golf is the best way to survive the emotionally difficult period between one golf season and the next; it’s also a useful distraction when there are bigger things to worry about. John Updike, who was an avid golfer virtually his entire adult life, once described his regular weekend rounds as “islands of bliss”; I feel the same way. Occasionally, I’ve been lucky enough to take wintertime golf trips to places like Arizona, South Carolina, Florida, and New Zealand. Most years, though, I play closer to home. On January 1, 2009, two friends and I celebrated the New Year by spending two days on a golf course just outside of Atlantic City, which is a four-hour drive from our town. I wore two pairs of gloves, plus a knit cap on top of a baseball cap on top of a skier’s balaclava, and on both days the three of us were the only players on the course—a great old one, where the ShopRite L.P.G.A. Classic is held every spring. Most winters, we’re able to find real grass even closer to where we live—as I wrote in a New Yorker article in 2005. One Sunday last month, for example, twelve of us escaped lousy weather in Connecticut by driving to Pelham Bay Golf Course, in Pelham Bay Park, in the Bronx. Pelham is one of fourteen courses owned by New York City, and, like all but one of those courses, it stays open through the winter except when the ground is covered with snow. Playing the city’s courses during the summer can be frustrating, because, even though fourteen courses sounds like a lot to a non-golfer, it’s actually nowhere near enough for a city the size of New York. (It works out to more than thirty thousand residents per hole.) But the crowds thin out, sometimes by a lot, when the weather turns crummy. A few years ago, four of us played Pelham on a day when the temperature was so far below freezing that, when we went in to pay, the kid behind the counter in the golf shop told us that we couldn’t tee off yet because of a “frost delay.” But after ten or fifteen minutes he let us go. Pelham Bay was built in 1898, when golf in the United States was still almost brand-new. (America’s first public golf course—in Van Cortlandt Park, also in the Bronx—is just two years older.) Pelham is actually one of two courses in Pelham Bay Park: Split Rock Golf Course, on the other side of some railroad tracks, was added in 1934. Split Rock was built as part of a citywide project that was intended to create jobs during the Great Depression—and so was its clubhouse, which the two courses share. When my friends and I first played Pelham, a little more than a dozen years ago, that clubhouse was an unheated wreck, thanks to years of neglect by the Parks Department. Since then, the company that now operates both courses, on a twenty-year lease from the city, has spent millions restoring it to something very close to what it was in its Art Deco heyday—in part by removing floodlights that had been bolted to the hammered-bronze light fixtures hanging from the ceiling in the Club Room, replacing panes missing from the distinctive round windows up near the ceiling, getting rid of a drinking fountain in front of one of two basalt-and-marble fireplaces, and banishing rats. When even the Bronx has a snow problem, my friends and I sometimes have luck a little farther south, at Dyker Beach Golf Course, in Brooklyn. (Pelham and Dyker are just twenty miles apart, but they occupy different microclimates, since Dyker is closer to two major sources of snow-melting heat: the Atlantic Ocean and Manhattan.) We’ve played Dyker many times, including twice a couple of months after Hurricane Sandy, in early 2013. We had to avoid several enormous uprooted trees, which were encircled by police tape, but other than that the course was in terrific shape. Dyker was built in the late eighteen-nineties and reworked in 1935—part of the same citywide golf project that created Split Rock. Dyker is where Tiger Woods’s father, Earl, learned to play golf, in the early nineteen-seventies. (He was stationed at Fort Hamilton, across the street.) It’s also the home course of the Shore View Golf Club, a large men’s group that was founded in 1930 and has a charter from the city. A number of years ago, the Mob rubbed out somebody near the fourteenth green the night before Shore View’s annual Father’s Day tournament, and the cops said the course would have to stay closed all day. But Shore View’s tournament chairman, a retired customs agent, persuaded them that if they simply roped off the thirteenth and fourteen holes—two long par fours that Shore View guys grumble about anyway—the golfers wouldn’t interfere with their examination of the corpse. My friends and I have never had to play around a dead body, but if we ever came across one I’m pretty sure we’d keep playing, too. There’s no helping the poor guy at this point—and tomorrow it could snow. The only city golf course that doesn’t stay open all winter is the newest one, Trump Links at Ferry Point, which was built on top of a former landfill near the northern end of the Bronx-Whitestone Bridge. Ferry Point is the city’s “premium” public course; playing eighteen holes there on a weekend can cost more than two hundred dollars, which is several times the maximum in-season rate at Pelham, Split Rock, Dyker, or any other city course. Because Ferry Point is such a high-class operation—as you can tell when you grab a handful of souvenir plastic ball markers bearing Donald Trump’s coat-of-arms-like gold logo—golfers are not allowed to use pushcarts, which most of my friends and I use and which are common golf-bag conveyances on all the city’s other courses. In the summer of 2015, shortly after three friends and I had played Ferry Point, I asked Trump why he had imposed that ban. “They don’t look proper on a course like that,” he said. “You know, we’re doing a very high-level job, and we don’t want that to happen, and we don’t like the look of a pushcart,” he said. “We’re doing something special here. We’ve built something really special, to the highest levels, and everybody loves it.” Trump doesn’t own Ferry Point; like the company that manages Pelham Bay and Split Rock, he leases the course from the city, and although he was involved in the final stages of construction, he didn’t create it, despite what he sometimes suggests. Still, he has spelled “TRUMP LINKS” in enormous, permanent-looking letters on a grassy bank facing the bridge. “It is so amazing, and people are treating it with great respect, and it’s a phenomenal course, on top of everything,” he said. “It’s incredible. And, you know, the people on the Whitestone Bridge, they’re shouting down, ‘We love it! We love it!’ They love the sign. Everybody loves the sign, the grass sign. So we’ve had a lot of fun with it, actually. It’s been great, and it’s a great success.” It’s difficult to imagine people in cars on the Whitestone Bridge shouting loud enough to be heard half a mile away; maybe they’re like the people Trump saw cheering the fall of the World Trade Center. Ferry Point was designed by a golf architect in Jack Nicklaus’s firm. It plays like a windswept Scottish or Irish links course, which it closely resembles, and it has killer views of the Manhattan and Brooklyn skylines, of the cemetery where Charles Lindbergh tried to ransom his kidnapped son, and, especially, of the bridge, which from several angles seems to rise out of the course itself. It’s hidden under snow right now; but I won’t be going back to that one, in any weather, until the end of either the lease or the lessee. David Owen has been a staff writer at The New Yorker since 1991. More More: Donald Trump New York City Golf " " Most Popular Donald Trump Versus the World By John Cassidy The Embarrassment of President Trump By Jeffrey Frank Another Judge Has a Problem with Trump By Amy Davidson DeVos Says Trump’s Forty-Per-Cent Approval Rating Means More Than Half of Country Supports Him By Andy Borowitz It’s Time for a Proper Investigation of Trump’s Russia Ties By John Cassidy Our thirty most popular Do you have a tip for The New Yorker that requires anonymity and security? Send it via Strongbox. » More From the New Yorker Culture Desk Lessons from Playing Golf with Trump David Owen John Cassidy In Defense of the First Golfer John Cassidy John Cassidy Donald Trump Versus the World John Cassidy Daily Comment The Embarrassment of President Trump Jeffrey Frank Link your subscription Link your subscription Have a login? Sign In Already have a login? Sign in Link Your Subscription Have a login? Sign in About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox About About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox Condé Nast Digital © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. Our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Stoxx 600 ▲ 370.20 -0.34%   Nikkei ▲ 19347.53 -0.47%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 3/32 yield 2.481%   Crude Oil ▲ 53.26 0.28%   Euro ▲ 1.0637 0.33%   DJIA ▲ 20611.86 0.52%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Gizmodo Ads Target Potential Trump Leakers PewDiePie Incident Means More Scrutiny for Influencers CMO Today: BuzzFeed and NBCU Plan to Co-Produce Series Goldman to Take 15% Stake in Ad Company MDC Partners Elliott Exits Position in Interpublic Group PewDiePie Exit Brings Disney’s Struggles With Maker Studios to the Fore NFL Joins Latest Iteration of ‘Love Has No Labels’ PSA CMO Today: Disney Dumps YouTube Star PewDiePie Over Anti-Semitic Remarks Interpublic Group Chief Defends Approach Amid Ad Probe Facebook Agrees to Audit of its Metrics Following Data Controversy Snapchat Discover Adds Entertainment Weekly and Essence Super Bowl Ads From NatGeo, Kia and Bud Score With WSJ Audience Anime Specialist Crunchyroll Tops Million Subscriber Mark Neither Trump Nor the NFL Delivered Big Rewards for Twitter Publicis Books Heavy Write-Down, Sending Shares Lower CMO Disney Restructures Ad Sales for Entertainment Networks Carat U.S. CEO Doug Ray to Take on New Dentsu Aegis Role Cannes Lions Ad Festival Owner to Acquire MediaLink Omnicom’s Profit, Revenue Increase Brands Stir Heated Debate With Political Super Bowl Ads https://www.wsj.com/articles/pewdiepie-incident-means-more-scrutiny-for-influencers-1487199864 Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Media & Marketing CMO PewDiePie Incident Means More Scrutiny for Influencers But ad buyers doubt marketers will pull budgets from all YouTube influencers The YouTube star PewDiePie Photo: YouTube By Mike Shields Mike Shields The Wall Street Journal BiographyMike Shields @digitalshields mike.shields@wsj.com Feb. 15, 2017 6:04 p.m. ET 0 COMMENTS The very public downfall of YouTube’s top star, PewDiePie, is giving brands a good deal of pause over how they work with influencers to advertise their products to millions of young viewers. Marketers aren’t about to yank their ad budgets from YouTube, and most probably won’t stop working with these video creators who draw hard-to-reach teenage audiences. But ad buyers say they expect brands to ratchet up the scrutiny they place on YouTube, the influencers they work with, and the various middlemen involved in brokering deals in the social marketing ecosystem. This week, Walt Disney Co. severed ties with Felix Kjellberg, who goes by PewDiePie, and Google’s YouTube canceled his show after The Wall Street Journal revealed he made anti-Semitic jokes and showed Nazi imagery in his videos. While the second season of his show on YouTube’s subscription service was called off and his channel was pulled from its Google Preferred advertising program, Mr. Kjelberg can still post videos to his channel and ads can appear before them. “It looks like he went way over the line in an effort to be provocative,” said Eric Johnson, founder and president of the ad agency Ignited, whose clients have worked with PewDiePie in the past. “Now that big money is coming in and corporate parents are watching, you’ve got to be careful.” Mr. Johnson’s clients, including a mobile game tied to the “Walking Dead” franchise and the Universal Pictures film “As Above, So Below,” had work with Mr. Kjelberg, and he said the creator had been professional and easy to work with. And the campaigns he participated in performed well, which speaks to the power of the YouTube audience, Mr. Johnson said. (Forbes estimates that Mr. Kjelberg made $15 million in 2016). Even after the uproar over PewDiePie’s comments, Mr. Johnson said he doubted that marketers would abandon YouTube or the social influencer space altogether. It’s often easier and more cost effective to reach young consumers via web video stars than paying for pricey TV ads, he said. “There are thousands and thousands of people doing this and they’re getting an audience.” Rob Norman, GroupM’s chief digital officer, said that something like the PewDiePie incident was all but inevitable given the sheer number of platforms and potential endorsers available to brands these days. Marketers essentially have two choices, he said. Avoid digital influencers entirely, which will be increasingly difficult for brands looking to reach young people. Or, from the start, “recognize risks have increased and increase the precautions,” he said. “And from the minute they start [working with an influencer], have a plan for ‘what’s my walk-it-back strategy?’” That’s for marketers working directly with influencers. But, when marketers simply run ad campaigns directly through YouTube, they don’t always know where their ads are going to run. Mike Henry, chief executive at the YouTube analytics firm OpenSlate, estimated that a $100,000 ad buy using YouTube’s TrueView ads—the skippable pre-roll ads—will end up running across more than 250,000 different YouTube videos. That’s a lot to keep track of, and “the PewDiePie news is causing brands to think harder about exactly where their ads are running,” he said. Steve Carbone, chief digital and analytics officer at the ad buying agency Mediacom, said he’d like more ad-buying safeguards options from Google—and ideally he’d like to employ more third-party tech companies to monitor YouTube campaigns. “The ongoing challenge for YouTube is its ability to assure advertisers that its platform is, in fact, brand-safe,” he said. Could Google have done more to protect advertisers from the PewDiePie fiasco? For years, the company has employed technology that helps sniff out copyrighted material. But it can’t catch everything. “YouTube uses technology and policy enforcement processes to determine if a video is suitable for advertising,” said a YouTube spokeswoman. “We have stringent advertising guidelines, and work hard to prevent ads appearing against any video that is not appropriate for our advertising partners. When we become aware of ads that are being served against ineligible content we immediately take action to remove them.” Chad Gutstein, chief executive at Machinima, which manages multiple YouTube channels, said he believes that platforms like YouTube and Facebook are working on improving the ability of their technology to catch videos like this before advertisers are exposed. But it isn’t easy. The PewDiePie incident could actually help YouTube by giving marketers the impression that the platform is on its way to becoming more professional with more advertiser-friendly content favored, said Mike Bienstock, founder of Semaphore, an agency specializing in helping marketers connect with YouTube talent. “YouTube is growing up,” he said. “At the end of day, Google is the biggest ad-selling machine on earth. Anything that creates controversy they don’t want.” Write to Mike Shields at mike.shields@wsj.com Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print CONTENT FROM OUR SPONSOR Deloitte CMO Insights and Analysis from Deloitte 2017 Banking and Securities Outlook Initial market reactions to the U.S. election results indicate rosier financial performance prospects for banks and capital markets firms in 2017. But much structural change has already been afoot, with a focus on customer-friendly payments structures, new operating models, and investments in automation, the cloud, blockchain, and other emerging technologies likely to shake up traditional banking structures. Please note: The Wall Street Journal News Department was not involved in the creation of the content above. More from Deloitte Most Popular Videos Disney Cuts Ties to YouTube Superstar PewDiePie Flying Drone Taxis Could Take Off in Dubai Meet Rumor, the 2017 Westminster Dog Show Winner New Zealanders Battle Wildfires in Christchurch A Harvard Business professor explains Donald Trump Most Popular Articles Spies Keep Trump in Dark on Intelligence in Sign of Mistrust Flynn Probed by FBI Over Calls With Russian Official Flynn Is First Casualty of Turmoil in Trump Administration North Korean Dictator Ordered Brother Killed, South Korean Spy Chief Says Opinion: Is This Trump’s Watergate? SHOW COMMENTS HIDE COMMENTS (0) Failed to load comments Show More Archives Advertisement Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Disney Cuts Ties to YouTube Superstar PewDiePie Flying Drone Taxis Could Take Off in Dubai Meet Rumor, the 2017 Westminster Dog Show Winner New Zealanders Battle Wildfires in Christchurch A Harvard Business professor explains Donald Trump Most Popular Articles Spies Keep Trump in Dark on Intelligence in Sign of Mistrust Flynn Probed by FBI Over Calls With Russian Official Flynn Is First Casualty of Turmoil in Trump Administration North Korean Dictator Ordered Brother Killed, South Korean Spy Chief Says Opinion: Is This Trump’s Watergate? Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Share 0 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-15 Philip Pullman To Release ‘His Dark Materials’ Companion Trilogy Entertainment 2017-02-15 How David Blaine Regurgitated Three Live Frogs Entertainment 2017-02-15 ‘In This Corner Of The World’ Crosses ¥2 Bn. – Stays In Top 10 Japanese Movies Entertainment 2017-02-14 Tom Hardy Reads A Valentine’s Day Bedtime Story, Breaks The Internet News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Opinion 2017-02-16 Impeach Trump, Pence Petition: Movement Wants President Out, Little Said Of VP Opinion 2017-02-15 Michael Moore Twitter Rant: Does He Really Think He Has The Power To Oust Trump? News 2017-02-15 Senator Elizabeth Warren’s Email ‘Shakedown’ Of Andrew Puzder News 2017-02-15 Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank Backpedals On Trump Support Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-02-16 WWE Rumors & Spoilers: Big Triple Threat Title Match For ‘WrestleMania 33’ Wrestling 2017-02-15 WWE Rumors: Samoa Joe Hints At CM Punk WWE Return Wrestling 2017-02-15 WWE News: Shane McMahon Expected To Fire Daniel Bryan to Take Him Off WWE TV Football 2017-02-15 NFL Mock Draft 2017: Bears Select Jonathan Allen, 49ers Draft Malik Hooker Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-14 Upcycle Valentine’s Day Chocolate Heart Boxes, Free Craft Ideas You Can Use Lifestyle 2017-02-12 The 8 Most Popular Valentine’s Day Gifts For 2017 Lifestyle 2017-02-12 Valentine’s Day And February’s Chocolate Holidays: Free Recipes And Gift Ideas Lifestyle 2017-02-12 Valentine’s Day In NYC: The Ultimate Guide Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-12 Parkinson’s Disease Developments: Blood Test Diagnosis May Be On The Way Health 2017-02-12 Study Found That Eldest Child Has The Highest IQ Among Siblings, Here’s Why Health 2017-02-12 FDA Approves Muscular Dystrophy Drug, Will Cost Patients $89,000 Health 2017-02-11 February Is American Heart Month, Tips For Preventing Heart Disease [Video] Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-15 Huge ‘Conan Exiles’ Patch Hits Alongside Test Servers Gaming 2017-02-15 ‘Pokemon GO’ Update: Pokemon From The Johto Region Will Finally Arrive Gaming 2017-02-15 Gaming History: ‘Dwarf Fortress’ Gaming 2017-02-15 Xbox E3 2017 Briefing Moves A Day Earlier, Scorpio And What Else? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-16 Narcissistic Personality Disorder: Donald Trump Shows Signs Of Mental Malady BuzzWorthy 2017-02-15 American Girl’s First Boy Doll Is A Laid-Back Drummer Named Logan Everett BuzzWorthy 2017-02-15 Elementary Students In L.A. Reportedly Sent Home With Slavery Math Problem BuzzWorthy 2017-02-15 Melania Trump’s First Pictures Inside White House On Feb. 15 – New Hair [Photos] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss PewDiePie’s YouTube Series Canceled Hours After Losing His Disney Deal News 0 0 0 February 14, 2017 PewDiePie’s YouTube Series Canceled Hours After Losing His Disney Deal Or Goren PewDiePie, YouTube’s most popular star, is having a really bad day: Hours after Disney announced that they were cutting their ties with him, due to anti-Semitic jokes and videos, Google-owned YouTube has announced they were canceling the second season of his reality show, Scare PewDiePie. According to Engadget, PewDiePie’s popular YouTube channel was also removed from “Google Preferred,” a premium advertising program for popular YouTubers. Swedish-born PewDiePie, whose real name is Felix Kjellberg, has an estimated annual income of more than $12 million, and he’s only 27-years-old. With more than 53 million subscribers, PewDiePie’s YouTube channel is the most popular channel on the streaming service, and it has brought him several multi-million dollar deals with sponsors and studios. He is known for publishing videos of himself playing videos games, as well as running pranks and jokes. [Image by Chris Jackson/Getty Images] PewDiePie’s latest controversy started when Disney found out about nine recent videos in which PewDiePie included Nazi imagery and anti-Semitic jokes. According to Metro, One of the videos, since deleted, showed two men from Sri Lanka that were hired by PewDiePie on Fiverr. The two men, allegedly at PewDiePie’s request, were shown dancing and holding up a sign that said “Death To All Jews.” In another video originally posted on PewDiePie’s YouTube channel, the star was wearing a “Make America Great Again” hat, and a Swastika was then shown, along with images of Hitler. In other subsequent videos, PewDiePie showed swastikas drawn by his fans, showed a clip from one of Hitler’s speeches, and played the Nazi Party anthem. Realizing these videos were controversial, on January 17, PewDiePie posted a video (since then deleted as well) in which he tried to defend his actions. “What I just think – and I believe strongly in – is that it is 2017 now. We’re going to have to start separating what is a joke, and what is actually problematic. Is a joke actually pure racism? Is something that would be considered a joke purely homophobic, or anti-Semitic and all these things? Context f***ing matters.” Shortly after publishing his “explanation” video, PewDiePie hired an actor to impersonate Jesus Christ and say “Hitler did absolutely nothing wrong.” Following these videos, Disney-owned Maker Studios announced today that they were dropping their joint venture with PewDiePie. As part of the now-cancelled deal, PewDiePie and Maker Studios were going to produce videos, mobiles apps and other merchandise together. In their statement, Maker Studios said that PewDiePie has “clearly gone too far,” and therefore they are ending their affiliation with him. Following Disney’s decision, PewDiePie’s YouTube series, Scare PewDiePie, has been canceled by Google. The show’s first season was produced by Maker Studios for YouTube Red, YouTube’s video subscription service. The show, with The Walking Dead creator Robert Kirkman serving as its executive producer, featured PewDiePie exploring sets created to mimic horror video games. On June 23, 2016, YouTube announced that the show would be getting a second season. Today, however, a YouTube spokesperson released a statement about the cancellation of the show. “We’ve decided to cancel the release of ‘Scare PewDiePie’ season 2 and we’re removing the PewDiePie channel from Google Preferred.” [Image by John Lamparski/Getty Images] At this point, no official comment was given by PewDiePie regarding these latest developments, but on February 12, the vlogger posted a statement on his Tumblr account, addressing the anti-Semitic accusations and claiming that he is in no way supporting hateful attitudes. “I was trying to show how crazy the modern world is, specifically some of the services available online. I picked something that seemed absurd to me — That people on Fiverr would say anything for 5 dollars. “As laughable as it is to believe that I might actually endorse these people, to anyone unsure on my standpoint regarding hate-based groups: No, I don’t support these people in any way.” With the removal of PewDiePie’s YouTube channel from Google’s premium advertising program, the cancellation of his show and the loss of his deal with Disney, the YouTuber’s reputation and business plans will surely take a major hit. It remains to be seen whether the popular young star can come back from this major blow. [Featured Image by John Lamparski/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Kim Jong Un’s Half Brother Poisoned In Malaysia Now Read This: Donald Trump’s Impeachment Odds May Have Finally Changed Share 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Or Goren Tags: Felix Kjellberg, PewDiePie, youtube February 15, 2017 Diana Bunch Pictures: ‘My 600-LB Life’ Star Goes On Drastic Weight-Loss Journey February 14, 2017 Chicago Facebook Live Shooting Video: Livestream Shows Man, 2-Year-Old Shot Dead View full timeline 2 days ago PewDiePie’s YouTube Series Canceled Hours After Losing His Disney Deal 2 days ago PewDiePie Loses Disney Deal Over Anti-Semitic Videos: Will His Net Worth Suffer? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Donald Trump’s Impeachment Odds May Have Finally Changed Looking For A Job? Apply And Have Your Interview Via Facebook Bella Hadid Puts On A Nipple Show For Her Latest Shoot With V Mag ‘The Big Bang Theory’ Season 10: Amy Furious As Sheldon Spills Sex Life Details ‘This Is Us’ Episode 16 Spoilers: Randall Learns More About William’s Past Robert Pattinson Did Not Secretly Marry FKA Twigs [Debunked] Ashley Graham Returns For Her Second Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Shoot New Continent Found! ‘Zealandia’ Discovered By Geologists After Decades Of Work Did Kim Jong-Un Order The Assassination Of His Brother? Doomsday Asteroids Imminent: Astronomer Suggests Detection/Deflection Defense Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Donald Trump Promised He Would Never Take Vacation, Now He’s Headed To His Third 18.8k 0 0 Donald Trump Impeachment Petition Nearly Reaches Alarming 1 Million Signatures 13.8k 0 0 Carlos Santana On Beyonce Grammys Snub: ‘Adele Won Because She Can Sing, Sing’ 6.6k 0 0 WWE Rumors: Newly Crowned Champion To Be Stripped Of Title On ‘Monday Night Raw’ 3.3k 0 0 ESPN Reportedly Losing 10,000 Subscribers Every Day 866 0 0 Obama Heads ‘Shadow Government’ 30,000 Strong Against Trump, Claims Report 2.8k 0 0 Recent Videos Politics National Security Adviser Michael Flynn Resigns Politics Jeff Sessions Confirmed By Senate As Attorney General News Statue Of Liberty Beheaded By Trump On German Magazine Cover Politics Donald Trump Reacts On Twitter To “Ridiculous” Court Decision Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Thu, Feb 16, 2017 | Updated 10.30 AM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Aircel set to cut 700 jobs Read CEO Sundar Pichai's letter to a 7-year old girl seeking job at Google TCS' boss to Indian IT companies: Don't worry about H-1Bs Toshiba to start again on chip business sale Xiaomi set for its 'new innings' in India Digital to drive Indian technology industry's next phase, says Nasscom Nasscom defers annual growth forecast to May Trai forms joint panel to identify outdated regulations Apple is the new king of the global smartphone market: Gartner Mukesh Ambani’s advice to 'Donald Trump-phobic' Indian IT industry FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News » Read CEO Sundar Pichai's letter to a 7-year old girl seeking job at Google Read CEO Sundar Pichai's letter to a 7-year old girl seeking job at Google Fascinated by her Kindle Fire tablet and robots, and totally taken by the idea of working somewhere with bean bag chairs, go-karts, and slides, Chloe decided to apply to Google for a job.Business Insider | Updated: Feb 16, 2017, 10.28 AM IST India-born Google CEO Sundar Pichai today visited his alma mater IIT-Kharagpur, West Bangal. This was Pichai's... Read More Chloe Bridgewater, who lives in Hereford, UK, has a little more drive than your average seven-year-old. Fascinated by her Kindle Fire tablet and robots, and totally taken by the idea of working somewhere with bean bag chairs, go-karts, and slides, Chloe decided to apply to Google for a job. Here is Chloe's letter, shared to Business Insider by her father, Andy: Super cute, right? Well, imagine her surprise and delight when she got a letter back from the CEO of Google himself, Sundar Pichai, who encouraged her to follow her dreams, adding "I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school! :)" View As Photolist » Google CEO Sundar Pichai at IIT: 15 quotes you shouldn't miss 116 Google CEO Sundar Pichai at IIT: 15 quotes you shouldn't miss India-born Google CEO Sundar Pichai today visited his alma mater IIT-Kharagpur, West Bangal. This was Pichai's first visit to the IIT campus since he passed out 23 years ago. Pichai interacted with students and shared some interesting anecdotes about his student life; his favourite cricketer, actor and ideal; as well as shared insights into India's growth as a digital economy, startup culture in the country and much more. Here are 14 things you shouldn't miss from Pichai's interaction with students. I had my interview at Google on April Fool's day On Google interview: Was interviewed at Google on April Fool’s Day (April 1, 2004). Was asked about Gmail at the interview. Was offered ice-cream during the Google interview Pichai was offered ice-cream during the interview; the purpose was to tell that Google is a 'different workplace'. Academics is important but not everything When asked about the importance of education: Academics is important but not everything. Take risks, try different things, follow your passion. It is no longer a crime to fail in India Responding to the importance of success: Aim high enough to fail a few times. Entry to prestigious institutions important, but doesn’t guarantee success, so you need to enjoy what you doing. Loves watching Virat Kohli When asked about his favourite cricketer: I love watching cricket, love watching Tendulkar play. Watching Kohli through the last year has been incredible. Gavaskar used to be my favourite cricketer back in college. Job insecurity is common and natural On being asked about job insecurity: Pichai termed job insecurity as imposters syndrome. He said that it is natural to have it, when one is surrounded by good people. What keeps him going: The desire to build products for everyone When asked about his passion: What makes me keep going is the desire to build products that everyone can use. Favourite actors are Shah Rukh Khan and Deepika Padukone When asked about his favourite actors: Favourite actors are many, including Shah Rukh Khan and Deepika Padukone. His ideal during growing-up year: Infosys co-founder NR Narayana Murthy When asked about his ideal during growing-up years: Was deeply influenced by Infosys co-founder NR Narayana Murthy during his days at IIT. Big regret about life at IIT: Not participating enough in cultural activities About regret he has about life at IIT: Not participating enough in cultural activities and taking humanity subjects seriously. Got a C grade while at IIT On grades: Pichai said that he did get a C grade at IIT. As for my GPA, it was too embarrassing to admit in the first year and pretty good in the next years. Will send a request for Google doodle on IIT-Kharagpur to the concerned team When asked if he can have the Google doodle dedicated to IIT-Kharagpur for a day: Will send a mail to the team on this, but chances are very less that they will accept. Indian startups have changed the brain drain culture When asked about brain drain: Startups are changing the brain drain culture in India. Further added that startups in India are world-class. A good team is as important as the leader On the importance of leadership: Team work is very important. A leader is as good as his team. Best memories ever are from IIT campus days The best time of his life: My best memories are with my wingmates Take a look at the letter, shared in a viral LinkedIn post by Chloe's father Andy Bridgewater earlier this week : In that LinkedIn post, Andy Bridgewater writes that it's a much-needed confidence booster for Chloe, who was "knocked down" by a car years ago. Chloe's fascination with Google began recently, Bridgewater tells Business Insider, when she asked him where his ideal place to work would be. Currently, Bridgewater works in sales for a refrigeration system parts manufacturer. "And I said, 'oh, Google would be a nice place to work," owing to their world-famous perks and all of the cutting-edge work they do, he says. And so, when Chloe decided she wanted to work there too, her father encouraged her to apply and "get the ball rolling," he says. Now, with all the attention garnered from Pichai's personal response, it's only redoubled Chloe's drive to work for Google. Bridgewater says that his daughter now wants to go on TV and talk to the media and use that to find some way in to the Silicon Valley-based search company. He's largely resisted, wanting her to focus on her studies and develop her skills. Except now, the elder Bridgewater wants to brush up on his own technological skills to catch up with Chloe. "Sadly, I think I've got to up my game," Bridgewater says. Subscribe and get the top tech news of the day deliverd to your mailbox[Change Setting] Connect with us FOLLOWERS1.5m FOLLOWERS250k FOLLOWERS35k RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News Aircel set to cut 700 jobs TCS' boss to Indian IT companies: Don't worry about H-1Bs Toshiba to start again on chip business sale Xiaomi set for its 'new innings' in India From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Apple iPhone 6 available for Rs 3,999 on Flipkart in exchange offer Infosys 'releases' 9000 employees due to automation Reliance Jio users, free services are not 'ending' on March 31 Vodafone goes to court against Reliance Jio's 'Happy New Year' offer iPhone users, you can now 'send' WhatsApp messages even without internet WhatsApp's new feature may let you track friend's real-time location Here's how Indian IT companies plan to tackle new H-1B visa rules This Gmail hacking attack is fooling even savvy users Google CEO slams Donald Trump's immigration order This message from Reliance Jio is a hoax TCS' boss to Indian IT companies: Don't worry about H-1Bs Toshiba to start again on chip business sale Xiaomi set for its 'new innings' in India Digital to drive Indian technology industry's next phase, says Nasscom Nasscom defers annual growth forecast to May Trai forms joint panel to identify outdated regulations Apple is the new king of the global smartphone market: Gartner Mukesh Ambani’s advice to 'Donald Trump-phobic' Indian IT industry Reliance Jio stands for affordability, says CMD Mukesh Ambani 1Read CEO Sundar Pichai's letter to a 7-year old girl seeking job at Google 2TCS' boss to Indian IT companies: Don't worry about H-1Bs 3Toshiba to start again on chip business sale 4Xiaomi set for its 'new innings' in India 5Digital to drive Indian technology industry's next phase, says Nasscom 6Nasscom defers annual growth forecast to May 7Trai forms joint panel to identify outdated regulations 8Apple is the new king of the global smartphone market: Gartner 9Mukesh Ambani’s advice to 'Donald Trump-phobic' Indian IT industry 10Reliance Jio stands for affordability, says CMD Mukesh Ambani GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Vivo V5 OnePlus 3T 128GB Xiaomi Redmi 4A LeEco Cool1 Dual 64GB Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Meizu M5S Intex Aqua Lions 4G Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X Honor V9 Lava KKT iPro Lava KKT Quadra Gionee F5 Intex Mega 1800 Honor 8 Lite Xiaomi Redmi 3A Blackberry Mercury Asus Zenfone 3s Max ZC521TL Intex Turbo Selfie Plus Itel it1518 Ulefone Gemini Micromax Vdeo 3 ZTE Hawkeye LG X300 Wileyfox Swift 2X Huawei P8 Lite 2017 Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Play HTC U Ultra ZTE Blade V8 Pro Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S 64GB Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Isro PSLV-C37 mission: The US private sector is threatened by cheap Indian spaceflight By Aditya Madanapalle 10   Comments Isro PSLV-C37 launch: How Antrix compares to other satellite launch services By tech2 News Staff 4   Comments Isro’s launch of the PSLV-C37 mission with 104 satellites is subsidised by the Government By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments KickassTorrents is back and we have its community to thank for the rebirth By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments ISRO PSLV-C37 mission LIVE: All 104 satellites successfully deployed in world record launch By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments more from #Google Google is finally looking to acquire startups in India; to focus on cloud computing and cybersecurity HTTPS is a safer way to surf the web says Google Algorithms help us manage our digital lives and influence us at the same time Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google is finally looking to acquire startups in India; to focus on cloud computing and cybersecurity #Google Image: Reuters 0 By tech2 News Staff /  16 Feb 2017 , 10:05 Google is finally looking to acquire startups in India. The search giant is looking to invest in Indian startups and is reportedly in talks with various entities, including various venture capital (VC) firms. In its report, GadgetsNow states that Google “is seeking to directly invest in or acquire companies in India that cater to whom it refers to as the next billion internet users.” The Economic Times’ sources tell them that Google is not interested in eCommerce and will, in fact, be looking at companies involved in cloud computing and cybersecurity. Google wants to get the “next billion” online and that would require investment in network infrastructure, financial service, healthcare, education and more. As it stands, India has a population of 1.3 billion, but it doesn’t have a billion internet users. The report points out that Google has acquired more than 70 companies globally since 2014, but is yet to acquire a company in India. Its domestic VC arm has invested around $15 million in companies in India. Google is very keen on tapping into India’s potential internet population, as is seen in its investments in RailWire, the Smart Cities programme and more. A number of education ventures are also in the works. Tags: Google, Google India, Google investments, Indian Internet users, Internet users, Startup India, Startups Also read Google launches ‘YouTube Go’ Beta version; lets you download and share offline videos Relax, Google isn’t banning your favourite torrent sites X GOOGLE Reviews Google announces seven startups selected for its Launchpad Accelerator program Google acquires Eyefluence, a startup that integrates eye tracking into AR and VR applications Kirt McMaster steps down as CEO with Cyanogen moving to modular Google is inviting startups for its third ‘Launchpad Accelerator’ program; here’s how you take part Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Mars Feb 16, 2017 Stady says Mars might have been flooded with water #Yahoo Feb 16, 2017 Verizon to close Yahoo deal $250-$350 million less than original deal #ZUK Feb 16, 2017 ZUK Edge II could be announced with a curved display and dual-camera setup #Microsoft Feb 16, 2017 Tata Motors and Microsoft India team up to redefine the connected car experience #IBM Feb 16, 2017 India’s digital foundation is in place, the next step is cognitive computing: IBM exec Ginni Rometty SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Search for: Trending Globally Trending in India Viral Videos This is Serious Home Trending Trending Globally 7-yr-old girl wants a job in Google; gets reply from CEO Sundar Pichai 7-yr-old girl wants a job in Google; gets reply from CEO Sundar Pichai ' I think if you keep working hard and following your dreams, you can accomplish everything you set your mind to.' By: Trends Desk | New Delhi | Updated: February 16, 2017 12:44 pm From working with Google to also working in a chocolate factory and swimming in the Olympics games, she seems to have big plans etched out for herself. (Source: LinkedIn/Andy Bridgewater, uncova/Twitter ) A lot of us have asked little children about what they want to become when they grow up, only to listen to them keenly listing the job prospects they are considering. From doctors and teachers to scientists and astronauts — they come up with interesting answers. But it seems one little girl has her heart set at joining the world’s biggest search engine — Google, and she got a response from Sundar Pichai, Google’s CEO, no less! In an adorable letter that seven-year-old Chloe Bridgewater from Hereford, UK wrote to the “Google Boss”, she has set her priorities straight. From working with Google to also working in a chocolate factory and swimming in the Olympics games, she seems to have big plans etched out for herself. Also, it seems Chloe’s interest piqued after her father said she could “sit on bean bags and go down slides and ride go karts in a job in Google”. If you think what we infer to be her ‘resumé letter’ is adorable, then wait till you see what Pichai had to say to her. ALSO READ | ‘America first, India second: Because no one loves you like we do’ Also Watch How Indian Express Took The Mannequin Challenge    Her father Andy Bridgewater shared Pichai’s response in a LinkedIn post, that is now going viral. This is the seven-year-old’s letter. (Source: uncova/Twitter) This is what Pichai wrote in response to the little girl. (Source: LinkedIn/Andy Bridgewater) “Dear Chloe, Thank you so much for your letter. I’m glad that you like computer and robots,and hope you will continue to learn about technology. I think if you keep working hard and following your dreams, you can accomplish everything you set your mind to — from working at Google to swimming in the Olympics. I looke forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school! :) All the best to you and your family.” According to a Daily Mail report, Bridgewater said that after receiving the letter from Pichai, his daughter is now even more eager to do well at school and chase her dreams. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Election 2017 Live updates: PM Modi to address rallies at Hardoi, Barabanki today Uttar Pradesh elections: For Aparna Yadav, Netaji and Congress come together Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections 2017: Campaign and contrast Best of Express Tamil Nadu crisis LIVE updates: Palanisami gets invite to form govt, Panneerselvam camp to move EC EntertainmentPhillauri song Dum Dum: Anushka Sharma, Diljit Dosanjh song celebrates innocent love, watch video EntertainmentKareena, Saif's son Taimur rings in Randhir's 70th birthday. See inside pics EntertainmentShruti Haasan is dating a London-based actor. Everything you want to know, see pics EntertainmentAnushka Sharma, Virat Kohli fans, their new selfies will make you drop a beat. See pics Must Read SportsIndia to get $1 million if they win first Test SportsIndia's bench up against quality Australia side SportsJohnson warns Starc, Hazlewood of burnout TechnologyMoto G5, Moto G5 Plus full specs revealed ahead of MWC launch TechnologyApple patent reveals fingerprint scanner built inside iPhone display TechnologyHuawei working on its new voice-assistant for China LifestyleDeepika Padukone sets New York Fashion Week ablaze in a Michael Kors Feb 16: Latest News IPL 2017 Auction: Here’s what Gujarat Lions and Rising Pune Supergiants should look to do NCP leader Supriya Sule hits out at Maharashtra govt for ‘anti-farmer’ policy, onion price crash Tech is way to fight trafficking: Ashton Kutcher Huawei working on its new voice-assistant for China Malaysian police make third arrest in Kim Jong Un’s half brother’s murder                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google Home and Amazon Echo might get support for voice calling It looks like Amazon and Google want their smart speakers to make and receive phone calls. According to a new report from the Wall Street Journal, both the companies are planning to add voice calling functionality to Amazon Echo and Google Home smart speakers. The voice calling ability could be added on these smart speakers by the end of this year, added the report. Both the smart speakers have the ability to respond to voice commands hence the calling functionality has been one of the most requested feature by users. However, privacy concerns, telecom regulations, access to emergency services and user experience are some of the aspects the companies are thinking about. Both the Echo and the Home continuously record audio to enable AI responses. Hence, the companies are worried whether consumers want to speak on a device that is able to record conversations. The Amazon Echo speakers would store numbers that are dialed as well as the length of each call instead of the actual conversations. The Echo and Home would probably use voice over internet protocol tech (VoIP). It is tipped that these speakers might access a third-party VoIP system, such as Skype for the calling feature. Source Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using Nexus 5X but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on February 16, 2017February 16, 2017Categories Amazon, Google, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: LG G6 to feature FullVision display, LG UX 6.0 to offer Square Camera, Collage Wallpaper and more Next Next post: iPhone 8 tipped to replace Touch ID home button with “function area” Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Review OnePlus 3T 128GB version will be available for Amazon Prime members on Feb 17 for Rs. 34999 Reliance Jio beat its own customer base target: Mukesh Ambani Ericsson introduces world’s first 5G network platform Xiaomi Mi Mix II with higher screen-to-body-ratio teased by CEO Lei Jun BlackBerry sues Nokia over patent infringement Huawei is said to be developing its own voice assistant Acer Spin 3 convertible laptop with 15.6-inch 360-degree rotating display launched in India for Rs. 42999 iPhone 8 tipped to replace Touch ID home button with “function area” Google Home and Amazon Echo might get support for voice calling CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 16 February 2017 | MYT 10:30 AM One bot to rule them all? Not likely, with Apple, Google, Amazon and Microsoft virtual assistants by ethan baron No dominant player yet: Apple, Google, Amazon and Microsoft are all jostling for the biggest piece of the virtual assistant pie. — Bay Area News Group/TNS It's no wonder titans of tech are locked in an epic battle of the bots, racing furiously to produce the best virtual assistant.  Their respective help-bots – Apple's Siri, Google's Assistant, Amazon's Alexa and Microsoft's Cortana – promise consumers one of the most valuable commodities in the world: free time.  Thanks to the sudden acceleration of artificial intelligence and advancements in speech recognition and big-data storage, the technology behind virtual assistants is rapidly spreading from phones to cars and homes, and the truly useful helper is approaching fast. The four giants are fighting for the biggest share of a market expected to grow to US$12bil (RM53.38bil) by 2024.  "There's a tremendous amount of promise for these agents to help and assist with many different tasks that we face every day," said Ross Rubin, principal analyst at Reticle Research. "The more the agent can help you with, the more value it holds."  The ultimate goal is our own personal genie in a bottle that awakens with a word or touch to liberate us from all our mundane tasks, organize our days and nights, and free us from the stress of lives that have become so terribly busy. But that's not going to happen quite yet.  Today, the aid these virtual assistants provide remains limited. Most users of Google Home and Amazon Echo devices – which host Assistant and Alexa, respectively – stream music, play audio books, and control smart-home devices, according to surveys by San Francisco analytics firm VoiceLabs.  Still, the virtual agent's foundation in AI means the more it learns about a user's preferences and behaviours, the better job it can do. So while experts predict a handful of firms will dominate in this field – most agree Apple, Google and Amazon will be major players, with Microsoft in a lesser role – they're split on whether consumers will be served best by one bot, or more.  "People want one assistant, they don't want two," said Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research in San Jose. "You want one assistant, to be very readily available wherever you are."  However, the various assistants will likely end up somewhat specialized in their expertise, with Google's Assistant, for example, excelling in providing knowledge and managing schedules, and Microsoft's Cortana leading on gaming, said VoiceLabs CEO Adam Marchick. In a few years, many people will use two or three different assistants, Marchick predicted.  The industry stands at a critical moment, because the first highly effective help-bot to get a foothold in a consumer's home, phone or car will likely stay, creating a barrier to competitors, Marchick said.  In order for a virtual helpmate to run your life, it needs to engage with the providers of all the services you rely on, from your calendar app to your Uber ride. Those providers must either partner with the company operating the assistant, or design their app to integrate with the assistant. So Spotify will stream music upon request via Alexa, and Honeywell's smart-home thermostat, via Assistant, will bump up the temperature 15 minutes before Grandma's expected arrival.  For providers, "if there is a competitive advantage to be gained, then absolutely they will do it," said Brett Sappington, senior director of research at market research firm Parks Associates.  For all the major players, virtual assistants provide important data that fuels the AI that powers and improves them, making both the assistants and the products they live in ever more marketable. For Amazon, Alexa is an enthusiastic purchasing agent for the e-commerce that drives the firm. For Google, Assistant is a turbocharged vacuum for the data the company collects to sell ads targeted directly at users.  Underlying the projected expansion of virtual assistants is the "voice first" approach to personal technology, said Brian Roemmele, a Los Angeles tech entrepreneur and expert in voice computing. Voice operation keeps hands free and it's faster, he noted, because speaking conveys information more quickly than typing.  So far, both Google and Amazon have focused largely on home-based assistants. Google's new Pixel phones host Assistant, but it has an uphill battle because Apple has far more phones equipped with Siri on the market, said Tim Bajarin, an analyst with San Jose market research firm Creative Strategies.  The popularity of Amazon's Echo and Alexa notwithstanding – the company has sold more than 8 million Echo devices since rolling them out in late 2014, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners – most people want their virtual assistant on their phones, Bajarin said.  "When you're driving, that's critical, or if your hands are busy," Bajarin said. "The phone will continue to dominate as the vehicle for delivering the virtual assistant."  Putting these robo-helpers into cars' onboard systems has become a priority for major firms, including Microsoft, which seeks to extend the reach of its PC-based Cortana through the "connected-vehicle" platform it announced this year.  In January, Nissan announced it would integrate Microsoft's platform into its cars. Siri already can be used in a car via a phone or Apple's CarPlay system, or in cars sold with Siri integration built in. Hyundai is bringing Alexa and Google's Assistant into some of its cars so, for example, an owner could start their car from their living room.  While building the supreme help-bot is clearly a priority for many major tech firms, experts say the software today lacks the knowledge base to take the next big leap: to enable virtual assistants that can predict our needs to serve us better.  "Some of it is just raw amounts of data and understanding about how the world works and what humans expect," Reticle's Rubin said.  Which companies rise to dominance depends both on the capability of their bots and the draw of the gadgets that house them.  "The story has not been written on what success is going to be in this space," Sappington said. — The Mercury News/Tribune News Service Related Stories You May Be Interested Toshiba to delay chip business sale to next year: Kyodo China’s Huawei, Philippine telco join forces in 5G deal Jaguar fuels in-car innovation with its latest app Toshiba shares tumble as bigger stake in chip unit likely up for sale Facebook shutters hundreds of Oculus VR demo stations at Best Buy stores Apple struggles to make big deals, hampering strategy shifts Others Also Read Made to match an active lifestyle Places to go on a weekend Spanish giants to host coaching clinics at college in Negri Sembilan advertisement Latest News Carpool and save with GrabShare Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Pokémon Go: The universe expands Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Most Viewed in Tech Pokémon Go: The universe expands Nokia 3310 on the comeback trail: report Tired of screen addicts, Vienna café says phone juice costs extra Canada’s Shopify reports bigger loss as expenses soar Carpool and save with GrabShare Stand up to cancer Huawei said to plan its own voice assistant for smartphones Lenovo’s profit misses estimates after PC rivals erode lead Ukraine says Russian state hackers using new viruses for attacks Smartphone maker Huawei catching up on Samsung, Apple: study Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 16, 4:28 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Huawei Reportedly Working On Its Own Digital Assistant To Compete With Apple, Google And Amazon By Ken Manbert Salcedo On 02/15/17 AT 11:21 PM Close Huawei, the third largest smartphone manufacturer in the world, is reportedly working on its own digital voice-activated assistant. The company's AI assistant will soon be competing with Apple’s Siri, Google Assistant and Amazon’s Alexa. Huawei has formed a team with over 100 engineers in Shenzhen, China which is currently in early stages of development for the new digital smart assistant, according to one of Bloomberg. Huawei’s digital assistant will be aimed at Chinese customers meaning it will communicate in Chinese languages. One of Bloomberg's sources claimed that Huawei will continue to work with Google and Amazon when it comes to providing other services to its phones internationally. The company's own assistant will mostly rival Apple’s Siri on iPhones as most of Google’s services in China are blocked off despite majority smartphone users  are using Android OS. Related Stories Apple iPhone 8 To Face Tough Android Competitors This Year Huawei Watch 2 To Launch At MWC 2017 Although Huawei intends to continue working with Google, the company’s endeavor to build its own AI assistant clashes with Google’s plan in convincing other manufacturers to pre-install its own assistant on their devices. Currently, Google Assistant is only available on the Pixel phones, Google Home and Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches. As for Huawei’s commitment with Amazon, the Chinese phone maker previously just released its Mate 9 smartphone in the U.S. last month and it comes with Alexa already pre-installed. The Huawei Mate 9 first launch in China and other Asian markets back in November 2016. Huawei new digital assistant for its smartphones in China will be the company’s second investment in artificial intelligence. Back in October, the company announced that it plans to fund UC Berkeley in a partnership to research deep learning, natural language processing and computer vision, according to TechCrunch. Huawei has proven to be quite ambitious with its future plans. One of he company’s top executives, Richard Yu, stated last month during CES 2017 that Huawei wants to be the number one smartphone manufacturer by 2021. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business FBI Releases Documents In Trump Housing Discrimination Probe The document dump under the Freedom of Information Act came the same day the president railed against leaks to the media. Technology 5 Smartphone Trends For 2017 The technology is expected to go through major hardware innovations this year. World US, South Korea To Discuss North Korea Nuclear Weapons Program The meeting in Germany comes just days after North Korea's testing of an intermediate-range ballistic missile, which Pyongyang claims is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead. National Restaurants Show Solidarity With ‘Day Without Immigrants’ The grassroots campaign against President Donald Trump's policies has called on foreign-born people in the country to not work or spend money to demonstrate their importance. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Thursday, February 16, 2017 As of 8:05 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video Technology Apple iPhone 7 vs Google Pixel vs Samsung Galaxy S7 camera comparison: HDR modes achieve different objectives By Ritwik Roy @ritwikroy1985 on February 16 2017 2:51 PM 0 0 0 0 Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing at Apple Inc, discusses the camera on the iPhone 7 during an Apple media event in San Francisco, California, U.S. September 7, 2016. Reuters/Beck Diefenbach When the HDR modes of Apple iPhone 7, Google Pixel and Samsung Galaxy S7 were put to test, they produced different results. It will be wrong to suggest which one has the best camera as it depend entirely on personal choice. Here, the differences between the cameras, focusing more on HDR, have been put forth. In HDR mode, all three takes brilliant photos where iPhone 7 tries more to keep the natural look in its images, even when the image is darker than expected. iOS’ advanced photo-editing software is a bonus to make the darkened spots pop out. According to PhoneArena, the Google Pixel’s HDR mode successfully balances light and shadow and produces some really impressive photos. However, at times, some of the images are heavily doctored and may look cartoonish despite simple photo edits. Samsung Galaxy S7’s HDR mode favours boosting the brightness of images, including the bright spots. At times, it sacrifices finer details to produce well-lit images. While this is a bonus for many, some professional photographers may not want to sacrifice details in favour of brightness. According to GSMArena, the Apple iPhone 7 has a 12MP primary camera with f/1.8, 28mm, phase detection autofocus, OIS and quad-LED (dual tone) flash. Other features include 1/3" sensor size, geo-tagging, simultaneous 4K video and 8MP image recording, touch focus, face/smile detection and HDR (photo/panorama). The camera supports videos at 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30/60/120fps and 720p@240fps. The secondary camera is of 7MP with f/2.2, 32mm, 1080p@30fps, 720p@240fps, face detection, HDR and panorama. The Google Pixel primary camera is of 12.3MP with f/2.0, EIS (gyro), phase detection & laser autofocus and dual-LED (dual tone) flash. Other features include 1/2.3" sensor size, 1.55µm pixel size, geo-tagging, touch focus, face detection, HDR and panorama. It supports videos at 2160p@30fps, 1080p@30/60/120fps and 720p@240fps. The secondary camera is of 8MP and comes with f/2.4, 1/3.2" sensor size, 1.4 µm pixel size and 1080p video recording. The Samsung Galaxy S7 primary camera is of 12MP with f/1.7, 26mm, phase detection autofocus, OIS and LED flash. Galaxy S7’s features include 1/2.5" sensor size, 1.4 µm pixel size, geo-tagging, simultaneous 4K video and 9MP image recording, touch focus, face/smile detection, Auto HDR and panorama. Videos are recorded at 2160p@30fps, 1080p@60fps, 720p@240fps, HDR and dual-video rec. The secondary camera is of 5MP with 1/4.1" sensor size, 1.34 µm pixel size, f/1.7, 22mm, dual video call and Auto HDR. Stay tuned on IBT AU for more updates on Apple iPhone 7, Google Pixel and Samsung Galaxy S7 smartphones. Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge vs OnePlus 3: Battery review and comparison iPhone 7 vs HTC 10: Battery comparison Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 ‘Better Call Saul’ season 3: Bob Odenkirk reasons show’s late coming 0 Shares 2 'Better Call Saul' season 3: Gus Fring's modest return to the world of Jimmy McGill 0 Shares 3 Guns N’ Roses rock Melbourne, apologise over 'Hello Sydney!' mistake 0 Shares 4 LG G6 to settle with Snapdragon 821 chip 0 Shares 5 NBA Trade Deadline: Raptors, Clippers trying to acquire Danilo Gallinari from Nuggets 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Leaked pictures from South Africa set 0 Shares 7 ‘Peaky Blinders’ season 4 confirmed 0 Shares 8 Roger Federer reveals three keys to longevity, diet regimen, day-to-day schedule, eating habits 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Lothbrok brothers are ‘gonna be at each other’s throats’ 0 Shares 10 ‘The Walking Dead’ season 7, episode 9 spoilers: What to expect 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed NAB survey shows stronger Australia economy Woolworths and Microsoft assure faster online service Apple Inc. reaches AU$909 billion market value Iron ore prices witness surge to reach US$90 Etsy brings good news for creative entrpreneurs, DYIers CSL revenue approaches US$600 million More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance Man's dead body found in Sydney factory Small 2.7-magnitude earthquake rattles Adelaide Australian man whose girlfriend died in jet-ski crash pleads guilty Killer clown sentenced to 6 months for terrorising pregnant British woman with axe Australian community destroyed by bushfire Ku Klux Klan leader's wife, stepson charged with murder More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Jeremy Lin injury update: Brooklyn Nets PG ready to return post All-Star break NBA Trade Deadline: Cavaliers interested in Lakers guard Lou Williams Raptors acquire Serge Ibaka from Magic for Terrence Ross and future draft pick Adam Voges retires from Tests with batting average of 61.87 Reggie Jackson trade: Pelicans, Magic and Timberwolves vying for Pistons point guard NBA Trade Deadline: Warriors could sign Larry Sanders, not looking for trades More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More More NES Classic Editions soon; ‘Fire Emblem Heroes’ available on iOS & Android Samsung Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6s: Camera comparison [VIDEO] 'The Last Of Us 2' is 'a story worthy of Joel and Ellie' 'Final Fantasy XV' director hints at PC compatibility 8Pack OrionX: The most expensive gaming PC Researchers call to end long work hours for Australians More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Justice League' cast updates: Laurence Fishburne ends speculations; explains why he won't be in the DC movie 'Wonder Woman' spoilers: Showrunners' Twitter activity sparks fan theories that Arnold Schwazenegger might join the cast soon Marvel gets fans in stitches in new 'Team Thor' spoof video, featuring roommate Darryl [Watch] 'General Hospital' spoilers for Feb. 16, 2017: Nina grows suspicious; Liz takes a stand; Kiki and Dillon reconnect 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' spoilers: New planet details 'Orphan Black' season 5 news: Tatiana Maslany and the clones return as final season gets a premiere date More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Video IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Life & Style Viral Celebrities Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Amazon Echo And Google Home Could Soon Let You Make Calls: Will Smart Speakers Replace Telephones? 15 February 2017, 10:42 pm EST By Carl Velasco Tech Times Amazon - Five Fun FactsNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Google and Amazon are looking into adding phone call functionality for their respective smart speakers, Home and Echo. Looming privacy concerns associated with the functionality is reportedly stalling development, however.  ( Amazon ) Advertisement Google and Amazon's respective smart speakers could soon gain another functionality: placing and receiving phone calls. The feature could arrive on both Amazon Echo and Google Home later this year, a new report by the Wall Street Journal suggests. You Might Soon Place Calls Via Echo Or Home Both companies are pursuing to activate the feature, but those attempts have been hampered by privacy and regulatory concerns, the report states, citing sources privy to the matter. Amazon has been apparently developing a voice call feature for Echo since 2015, but such efforts have been held up by "employee turnover." How Would This Work? How voice calling would function for both smart speakers remains unclear, but the report suggest that the devices would most likely take advantage of voice over internet protocol, or VoIP, a technology which facilitates calls over the internet, used by Skype and other messaging apps with calls and conferencing functionality. Amazon is considering other options beyond VoIP, however, such as providing individual Echo devices their own unique phone numbers and using call forwarding or synchronising the Echo owner's preexisting mobile number to the device itself, the report suggests. Google Is More Experienced Than Amazon In This Sphere Whoever gets there first matters not to Google, who has considerably more experience in the field, having operated Google Voice since 2009. The service provides users their own phone number, which can be used for call forwarding and VoIP calls. Google Voice's user interface has recently gained significant tune-ups. Additionally, Google also maintains wireless service Project Fi, which siphons off mobile data from a number of carriers, switching between them according to signal strength and speed to ensure consistent user connectivity. Privacy Concerns Loom As Business Insider notes, enabling phone calls is a logical trajectory both smart speakers are likely to take, given that both devices are increasingly finding their way onto people's homes of late, becoming smarter and more popular each time. But the notion of phone calls would likely agitate privacy concerns already associated with the system, especially since it can record conversations. Apart from that, there's also telecom regulation, access to emergency services, and the overall user experience are some of the few things that are likely being put into consideration. Citing a source, the report suggests that Amazon wouldn't record the content of the actual conversations — just the call duration and what numbers are dialed. All aforementioned considerations told, coupled with regulatory roadblocks that will potentially stall approval of such a system, it seems that Google and Amazon might still be miles away from the finish line. Suppose that both find a way to make it work, however, then Google and Amazon may very well soon replace traditional landline home phones. At present, AT&T already offers a skill for Echo's Alexa virtual assistant that lets users send text messages via voice commands using the speaker. Expanding that relationship to include calls can come as an evolution of that functionality. Would you like an Amazon Echo or Google Home that can make and receive calls? Feel free to sound off in the comments section below! TAG Amazon, Amazon Echo, Google, Google home, Smart Speaker © 2017 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Advertisement Related Articles Amazon Echo: How People Use The Virtual Assistant? Teach Amazon Echo, Google Home Not To Respond To Your TV: Here's How Super Bowl 51: Google’s Super Bowl Ad Triggers Google Home Devices Nationwide Alexa Wreaking Havoc In Homes: Amazon Echo Powers Up When Residents Of Same Name Are Called, But Here's The Fix Apple And Amazon Take Contrasting Strategies To Dominate Smart Home Race From Our Sponsor How To Shop Smart: 5 Characteristics Of A Smart Shopper You may love shopping, you may be a bargain hunter....but are you a smart shopper? SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Most Popular 1 Apps/Software Facebook Heads To TVs: Apps For Apple TV And Amazon Fire TV To Launch ‘Soon’ 2 Video Games For Honor Beta Hosted More Than 6 Million Players: Knights Win Faction War 3 Space Super Earth Capable Of Supporting Life, Scientists Claim Advertisement 4 Space Ancient Judean Jars Offer Insights Into Earth's Magnetic Field Strength 5 Feature | Culture Art For Free: Met Museum Releases Thousands Of Artwork Images For Unrestricted Use 6 Business Tech Magic Leap A Hostile Workplace Environment For Women, New Lawsuit By Former Executive Alleges Advertisement 7 Video Games Pokémon GO Will Get Trading, Player vs Player Battles Soon: Why Is It Taking So Long? 8 Space China's Space Plans: First Chinese Cargo Spacecraft Will Lift Off In April 9 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech The Nokia 3310 Is Making A Comeback: Modern Version Will Be Unveiled At MWC 2017 10 Earth/Environment Air Pollution Caused 1.1 Million Premature Deaths In India During 2015, Global Report Suggests EDITOR'S PICKS Art For Free: Met Museum Releases Thousands Of Artwork Images For Unrestricted Use Google Play Store February 2017: The New Apps, Music, Movies And TV Shows Available To Download Common Weed In Florida Fights Antibiotic-Resistant Superbugs Without Killing Bacteria Crack In Antarctica’s Ice Shelf Larsen C Heading To Full Split Pregnant Inmate Gives Birth On Prison Cell Floor Of County Jail Arctic Temperatures Rise: Sea Ice Cover Sets Record Low For January Samsung Galaxy S7, Galaxy S7 Edge Battery Life Reduces After Android 7.0 Nougat Update Ford Invests $1 Billion In Artificial Intelligence Startup Argo AI And Here’s Why 5000-Year-Old Chinese Beer Recipe Tastes Fruity: Stanford Students Life & Style More Life & Style Federal Agents Arrest Hundreds Of Undocumented Immigrants Across Several States How The Popularity Of Organics Is, Quite Ironically, Hurting Whole Foods Pizza Lovers Can Now Create At Wedding Registry At Domino’s Visiting US May Mean Handing Over Facebook And Twitter Passwords, Says Department Of Homeland Security Breast-feeding Gone Bad: North Carolina Mom Outraged After Day Care Worker Breast-fed Her Son Without Consent Travel Ban In US Should Have Been Delayed, Says Homeland Security Chief Merriam-Webster Adds 1,000 More Words To Catalog: What's New For Tech And Science? Congressman Booed In Town Hall After Dodging Question About Environment And Science TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2017 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact X to the Z Sony Xperia XZ review - - - Google Home and Amazon Echo might support voice calls soon Post your comment Comments (2) Vlad 15 February 2017 Google Amazon Rumors The Google Assistant inside the Google Home device and Alexa from Amazon's Echo line of smart speakers may soon be able to make and take phone calls for you. This information comes from a new report allegedly originating with "people familiar with the matter". They say that by the end of this year, both Google's and Amazon's speakers could have support for voice calls. So you'll be able to say "call Mark" and that would happen. It's conceivable that the speakers will also ring when someone calls, but it's unclear if that functionality will actually be baked in too. What's more, there's no mention on how this will work - will your cell number somehow be paired with your speaker? Will your speaker get a phone number of its own? What's more, the requirement for access to emergency services is slowing down the potential rollout it seems. There's also privacy to worry about, as well as some ancient telecom regulations. So despite the fact that the technology to make this work is mostly in place, it may take a while for the feature to make its debut. Source | Via Related articles Google adds 9 banks to Android Pay You can now share your favorite places in Google Maps Google Chromecast Ultra receives a price cut in US Pixels Google Assistant is now able to control smart home devices Reader comments ProJames 6EbF 8 hours ago Yes, totally. Now you'll have to make a backup of your house because there arengoing to be ransomwares that will force you to pay 50000$ to open your door or turn on/off the AC/Heating. Reply Dr.iNov P@YW 9 hours ago Smart Home in the future is Coming vulnerable to hacks Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 2 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 82,733 2. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro 75,153 3. Nokia 6 67,610 4. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 66,792 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 (MediaTek) 64,330 6. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 56,372 7. Oppo F1s 56,061 8. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 46,978 9. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 45,093 10. Nokia 5 41,762 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,952 2. OnePlus 3 1,619 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,585 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,539 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,422 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,387 7. HTC 10 1,367 8. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,157 9. LG G5 1,153 10. Sony Xperia Z5 904 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 16 Feb 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Expo 2020 Dubai partners with SAP technology Retailers beware: UAE shoppers' online habits revealed UAE telecom du targets $272mln in savings by 2019 Bill Gates sees incredible innovation by next Mideast generation Dubai's Majid Al Futtaim confirms opening Mall of Egypt project in March Saudi Arabia to build 120,000 houses for citizens this year UK's hard Brexit: Middle East's realty investors look beyond London Who do Dubai realty investors from India, Pakistan overlook strong dollar? Saudi Arabia to build 120,000 houses for citizens this year Dubai's Nakheel unveils tower directly linked to Ibn Battuta Mall Kuwait resets airport project completion date to 2020 Dubai Future Foundation launches Future Design Centre ENOC launches two new products for heavy duty vehicles, machinery Egypt New Capital City's power plant 70% complete A decades-long running solar-powered water maker Oil prices steady on OPEC cuts, but record U.S. fuel stocks weigh Abu Dhabi in no rush to issue bond after Asian non-deal roadshow Dubai's Majid Al Futtaim mandates banks for dollar bond ADIB's falling profit rounds up mixed results season for Abu Dhabi banks India shuts down pension scheme for expats Listing of $1 bln Sukuk by Dubai Islamic Bank on Nasdaq Dubai Top gold ETF gets Islamic finance certification to tap new markets ADIB's falling profit rounds up mixed results season for Abu Dhabi banks GCC sukuk issuance remain muted due to complexity UAE telecom du recommends $0.0572 dirham/share H2 2016 dividend Expo 2020 Dubai partners with SAP technology A decades-long running solar-powered water maker UAE telecom du targets $272mln in savings by 2019 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Over 1200 companies to participate in UAE Defence Exhibiion Expats hold 17% of public sector jobs in Bahrain VAT in GCC may rise to 10% over the years Emiratisation: Private firms tweak policies to attract UAE nationals Over 1200 companies to participate in UAE Defence Exhibiion Expats hold 17% of public sector jobs in Bahrain VAT in GCC may rise to 10% over the years 'Relentless' efforts in reducing expats in public sector: Kuwaiti MP Syrian opposition wants Geneva talks on political transition Protesters attack Lebanese TV channel headquarters UN warns of catastrophic dam failure in Syria battle Jordan's Lower House defers debate on commodity price hikes Tunisian gov't to start regularising situation of Petrofac sit-inners British investments in Egypt hit $5.5bln: Official Egypt hopes to reach gas market balance in 2018, to export by 2020 Egypt to set schedule for repaying oil companies soon UK's hard Brexit: Middle East's realty investors look beyond London Just desserts: 'Overpaid' CEOs a risk for investors Angered Merkel cancels Israel summit India's Jan Iran oil imports up 1.5% mth/mth- shipping data Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities UAE telecom du recommends $0.0572 dirham/share H2 2016 dividend Gulf markets edge higher on global strength, steady oil prices Qatar stock market fights for momentum ahead of March upgrade Gold rises as dollar gives up gains UAE telecom du recommends $0.0572 dirham/share H2 2016 dividend Gulf markets edge higher on global strength, steady oil prices Qatar stock market fights for momentum ahead of March upgrade Gulf mostly firm, Egypt slips after breaking technical support Dollar retreats as U.S. Treasury yields come off highs Abu Dhabi in no rush to issue bond after Asian non-deal roadshow Dubai's Majid Al Futtaim mandates banks for dollar bond Europe, not Trump, the big concern for markets in 2017 - analysts Gold rises as dollar gives up gains Oil prices steady on OPEC cuts, but record U.S. fuel stocks weigh Egypt hopes to reach gas market balance in 2018, to export by 2020 Top gold ETF gets Islamic finance certification to tap new markets Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law UAE woman sentenced to ten years for joining Daesh 'Relentless' efforts in reducing expats in public sector: Kuwaiti MP Emiratisation: Private firms tweak policies to attract UAE nationals Getting driving licence in Dubai to be made tougher by RTA 'Relentless' efforts in reducing expats in public sector: Kuwaiti MP Shoura set to review law on firing Saudis in private sector Controversy: Kuwait MP calls for laws to pass sharia-compliant test Brexit Impact: Expat numbers drop; hundreds of jobs unfulfilled UAE woman sentenced to ten years for joining Daesh Pink Panther member commits suicide in Dubai jail Talks by UAE fund seeking $6.5bln from 1MDB deadlocked Just desserts: 'Overpaid' CEOs a risk for investors Qatar PM says to complete all projects on schedule Emiratisation: Private firms tweak policies to attract UAE nationals Unified lease form in Dubai from March Dubai tenants to have unified rental contract from March Getting driving licence in Dubai to be made tougher by RTA No visa-free entry in U.S. for Arabs Dubai motorists can pay traffic fines in instalments Obtaining sick leave for government staff gets harder Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports ‘West Side Story’ moves audiences at Dubai Opera Tour of Oman cycling event kicks off Tennis stars double up for UAE championship Contemporary art breathes life into Egypt's City of the Dead Brain damage in former players fuels soccer 'heading' fears UAE's takeaway culture: There’s never been a better time to order a meal Saudi to fine pharmacies selling medicine without prescription UAE’s healthcare sector to be worth $19bln by 2019 Dubai Future Foundation launches Future Design Centre Jordan's Queen calls for investment in dynamic teaching tools Expats to be 'recruited' to teach certain subjects in Kuwait New Indian exam system to pose challenges for students Retailers beware: UAE shoppers' online habits revealed Contemporary art breathes life into Egypt's City of the Dead King Abdullah Economic City hosts Art of Jeddah 21,39 exhibition Art Dubai Fair returns for its eleventh edition Contemporary art breathes life into Egypt's City of the Dead Light at the end of the tunnel for Lebanon's dwindling tourism market? Hundreds of Uber drivers in Qatar go on strike after price cuts Contemporary art brings life to Cairo's City of the Dead Dr Luke email shows criticism of Kesha's weight in legal case ‘West Side Story’ moves audiences at Dubai Opera Syrian war movies move audiences in Berlin Recovering from memory loss, Kanye West focuses on fashion comeback Brain damage in former players fuels soccer 'heading' fears Tour of Oman cycling event kicks off Tennis stars double up for UAE championship FIFA ethics panel targets Li, Jimenez over alleged corruption Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article Google pledges to continue cooperation with KACST 16 February, 2017 16 February 2017 By Mohammed Rasooldeen RIYADH: A visiting Google official on Tuesday pledged to continue cooperation with the King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology (KACST) in information technology (IT) and communication. The talks, between KACST President Prince Dr. Turki bin Saud bin Mohammed Al-Saud, and Kent Walker, Google senior vice president for public policy affairs and social investment, were held at the KACST headquarters in Riyadh. The visiting delegation included Sam Baltteis, chief of government affairs of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), and Selim Edde, Google head for public policy in the Middle East and North Africa. Hassan Al-Duhaim, managing director of the Saudi Arabian Investment Authority (SAGIA), was also present. Welcoming the Google delegation, Prince Turki outlined KACST activities in science, research, innovation, IT and communication, in line with Saudi Vision 2030 and the National Transformation Program (NTP) 2020. He said the KACST will help the government and non-governmental organizations diversify their projects and investments, and help Saudi youth in innovation, science, technology and research. Prince Turki also highlighted KACST efforts in enriching Arabic content on the Internet via a program initiated by King Salman. Walker expressed his desire to cooperate with the KACST in future projects that service their mutual objectives and Arab users in science and technology. The visiting delegation held a meeting with KACST IT specialists and reviewed research proposals conducted by the KACST with other stakeholders in IT. These include the King Abdullah Initiative for Digital Content, which with the support of King Salman serves to foster the presence of the Arabic language in mass-communication platforms, as well as in science and technology. The Kingdom spent SR120 billion ($32 billion) on developing the telecommunication and IT sectors in 2015. Saudi Arabia is the largest such investor in the region, and among the top 10 globally. Advertisement © Arab News 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News KPMG appoints Richard Clarke as Head of Deal Advisory 2 days ago Saudi Fawaz Abdulaziz Al Hokair & Co appoints new Chief Executive Officer Fawaz Abdulaziz Al Hokair & Co appoints Atul Singh as new Chief Executive Officer effective 1st April 2017. 14-Feb-2017 Goktug Gur appointed as head of Philips Lighting in Rest of Middle East region and Turkey 12 Feb 2017 U.S.'s FireEye intelligence-led security company appoints Kevin Taylor to Lead Europe, Middle East and Africa Business 12 Feb 2017 Swedish Ericsson appoints Indranil Das as Head of IT & Cloud for region Middle East 12 Feb 2017 Saudi Airlines appoints Tawuniya as its medical insurance service provider 12 Feb 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Twitter Facebook Follow us: Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media Tools Advertise Google to Implement Anti-Piracy Code in Search Results by June 1st News February 15, 2017 News Matt SouthernFebruary 15, 2017 SEJ STAFF 112SHARES 139READS 112SHARES 139READS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 112SHARES 139READS Google, along with other search companies, are close to finalizing an agreement to implement an anti-piracy code in its search results. The code would effectively eliminate the presence of links to copyright infringing material in search. According to a report by TorrentFreak, all parties have agreed the code should come into effect by June 1, 2017. This decision was prompted by roundtable discussions led by the UK’s Intellectual Property Office. Despite Google’s best efforts to remove links to copyright infringing content, the entertainment industry believes the search giant should do more. Google, in conjunction with representatives from the entertainment industry, are said to be extremely close to finalizing an agreement on what should be done. Baroness Buscombe states: “While there are still elements of detail to be settled, the group is now agreed on the key content of the code and I expect an agreement to be reached very soon.” Google voluntarily agreeing to introduce such a code to its search results will prevent the UK government from forcing the company to do so. The Baroness continues: “The search engines involved in this work have been very co-operative, making changes to their algorithms and processes, but also working bilaterally with creative industry representatives to explore the options for new interventions, and how existing processes might be streamlined.” It is said the UK-based agreement to implement an anti-piracy code will likely put pressure on Google to do the same in the United States as well. Related Posts Google Deals With Over 2 Million Piracy Takedown Requests Per Day Google’s Gary Illyes will Keynote #SEJSummit Chicago on June 23 European Union Files Third Anti-Trust Charge Against Google Data Suggests A Google Algorithm Update Occurred in June 2016 ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Creative Commons Launches New Search Engine for Finding Free, Legal Images - February 15, 2017 Google to Implement Anti-Piracy Code in Search Results by June 1st - February 15, 2017 Google Asked to Remove Over a Million Websites for Copyright Infringement - February 15, 2017 Download: Our E-Books For Free Get our latest SEO guide, social media strategy, and content marketing whitepaper by subscribing to our newsletter below! Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar Link Building Metrics: Managing Projects and SEOs Wed. February 22nd, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast How to Avoid Digital Burnout See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts Popular Posts 1 DuckDuckGo Hits Milestone 14 Million Searches in a Single Day 80.3K reads 1/19/2017 2 2017’s Four Most Important Ranking Factors, According to SEO Industry Studies 18.1K reads 2/3/2017 3 Content Is King: The Greatest Lie Ever Told in SEO 8.3K reads 2/2/2017 4 4 Cool Ways Raspberry Pi Is Transforming Technology 7.8K reads 2/4/2017 5 9 Digital Marketing Tools You Can’t Live Without 7.5K reads 1/31/2017See All Popular Posts [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, February 16, 2017 5:46 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Huawei said to plan own voice assistant for smartphones Thursday February 16, 2017 10:54 AM GMT+8 ICYMI DPM: Jong-nam’s assassination won’t affect ties with N. Korea Man United will give Europa tilt full focus, says Mourinho Female agents are N. Korean regime’s weapon of choice, says defector France to decide outcome of Fillon fake work case today Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Huawei’s assistant would reportedly communicate in Chinese languages and target domestic users. — Reuters picBEIJING, Feb 16 — Huawei Technologies Co, the third-largest smartphone maker, is preparing to enter the competitive world of digital assistants with its own voice-powered service, people familiar with the matter said. A team of more than a hundred engineers is in the early stages of developing the technology at its Shenzhen, China offices, one of the people said. The efforts are extensive and are aimed at Apple Inc’s Siri, Amazon.com Inc’s Alexa, and Alphabet Inc’s Google Assistant, not smaller players, the person said. Huawei’s assistant would communicate in Chinese languages and target domestic users while the company will continue to work with Google and Amazon’s Alexa service outside China, a one of the other people said. They asked not to be identified as the details are private. Building its own answer to Siri may help Huawei devices stand out in a crowded Chinese market, where many Google services that come with the dominant Android smartphone operating system are blocked. Huawei is targeting US$33 billion (RM147 billion) in sales from its consumer business this year. The company trails only Apple and Samsung Electronics Co in global smartphone shipments as it pushes upmarket with premium features. Having a major Android device manufacturer choose to build a voice assistant in-house may throw another wrench in Google’s plans. Huawei last month announced it would use Alexa on its Mate 9 smartphones in the US. Currently, the Google Assistant only runs on Google’s Pixel smartphone, Home speaker and smartwatches running the latest version of the Android Wear software. The largest online search company is trying to get third-party device makers to pre-install its assistant, according to people familiar with the talks. Spokespeople for Huawei and Google declined to comment. Huawei is not the first Android device manufacturer to develop its own service over using Google’s. Samsung acquired Viv Labs last year, a startup formed by some Siri founders, to serve as the basis for its own voice assistant. Samsung plans to release the first devices with this new technology later this year. Chinese search giant Baidu Inc announced its own voice service in 2015. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week ‘Pokemon Go’ adds more than 80 new pocket monsters this week (VIDEO) Huawei said to plan own voice assistant for smartphones New Facebook job-hunting features challenge LinkedIn Yahoo notifies users of sophisticated breach methods BusyKid turns chores into child's play Focus on Vivo: Chinese smartphone maker known for audio quality, selfies Google brings virtual reality to updated Chrome mobile browser Algorithms: The managers of our digital lives Sony's new 4K Ultra HD TVs, Blu-ray player hit stores in March Apple TV eyes Amazon Fire TV's success Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Related Articles Smartphone maker Huawei catching up on Samsung, Apple Apple joins group devoted to keeping AI nice From Alexa to virtual reality: Highlights of CES 2017 Amazon Alexa virtual assistant shines at CES 2017 Google pushes virtual reality harder with new phones from partners Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google offers to settle EU antitrust probe Google has offered European antitrust regulators concessions with an eye to settle an ongoing probe over allegations the company 'cooked' search results. By Zack Whittaker for London Calling | July 2, 2012 -- 17:56 GMT (10:56 PDT) | Topic: Google Search behemoth Google offered on Monday to settle an ongoing European antitrust investigation in a bid to prevent it from being served with huge fines and restrictions on its business practices in Europe. Google chairman Eric Schmidt has sent a letter to E.U. Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia, according to a Commission spokesperson, in which Schmidt offered a deal which could prevent a fully-fledged antitrust investigation. The letter addressed the "four areas the European Commission described" last month --- which can be found here. The details of the letter were not open for disclosure, but a spokesperson said it "will now analyse its content." A Google spokesperson confirmed to ZDNet the search giant had made a "proposal" to address the European Commission's concerns, and will "continue to work co-operatively with the Commission." Almunia said in May during a midday briefing that the Commission had asked Google to "make concessions" and offer a settlement bid to prevent an all-out antitrust investigation. If Google failed to adjust its business practices, a formal antitrust complaint would be sent to the company. Back in 2010, regulators on both sides of the Atlantic began investigating the company based on claims from rival firms that Google was discriminating them in the online advertising space. Not limited to Europe, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission also began an investigation, while Argentinian and South Korean authorities are also looking into how Google operates with an eye on the possibility of drawing up charges.  If Google concedes defeat and the European Commission allows Google to successfully settle, it's an admission of guilt. However, it does mean that Google would avoid an actual "guilty" verdict, which could cause business-restricting headaches for the company.  Should the settlement offer fail, Google would face a fine up to $3.8 billion --- a maximum of 10 percent of its $37.9 billion global revenue last year.  Update (12:05 p.m.): added remarks from a Commission spokesperson. Related: Europe offers Google settlement option in antitrust case EU to decide on Google antitrust case after Easter Europe set to accuse Google of ‘abuse of dominance’ TripAdvisor submits antitrust complaint about Google to EU Europe calls on Google to put privacy policy changes on ice Google defends new privacy policy to European data regulator Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Reviews IFROGZ Impulse Wireless headphones are worth every penny Cloud Private cloud deployments lose luster as enterprises lean toward public, multi-cloud approaches, says RightScale Smartphones Samsung-Apple smartphone battle heats up, as Huawei narrows in Windows 10 ​Windows 10 new Email Insights: Microsoft's app bids to fix email search in Outlook, Gmail × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google privacy policy inquiry set for September ruling Google will find out in September whether it has fallen foul of EU data protection rules following the merging of its privacy policies earlier this year. By Zack Whittaker for London Calling | July 10, 2012 -- 16:42 GMT (09:42 PDT) | Topic: Google France's data protection agency said it is looking to wrap up the inquiry over Google's privacy policy merger and will likely give its verdict in September, reports Reuters. Google remains at the centre of a privacy storm that saw European regulators riled and demanding answers as to why it combined some 70 privacy policies from its products and services and smashed them into a one-size-fits-all document. The search giant said it warned users of the changes for months in the run up to the March 1 switchover in form of emails and search page notifications, which it says it designed to improve search results better. Users cannot opt out of the new data-sharing policy. The 'simplified' privacy policy shares private user data from one Google product to another, making targeted advertising more focused and the collection of data by government agencies far easier. Simply put, it allows Google to build up an even greater, succinct picture of its users.  The Article 29 Working Party asked Google to put the changes on ice until it could consider the impact it would have on European citizens, but the company ignored the warning and went ahead on its scheduled date. The French Commission Nationale de l'Informatique (CNIL) said it planned to make it decision in June on whether Google's move complied with European law, but an influx of documents and paperwork from the search giant delayed the decision.  The CNIL, which was tasked with probing the regulator with the long arm of the law, will draw its conclusions and present its findings to the European Union's other data regulators later this year. The inquiry could lead to a slap on the bottom for Google in form of a fine up to €300,000 ($370,000; £240,000) and sanctions against the company's business practices within the EU --- something it would want to avoid.  However, individual member states could seek their own financial penalties, which could see the fines rack up into the millions of euros. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Reviews IFROGZ Impulse Wireless headphones are worth every penny Cloud Private cloud deployments lose luster as enterprises lean toward public, multi-cloud approaches, says RightScale Smartphones Samsung-Apple smartphone battle heats up, as Huawei narrows in Windows 10 ​Windows 10 new Email Insights: Microsoft's app bids to fix email search in Outlook, Gmail × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Huawei Reportedly Planning Their Own Voice Assistant For Smartphones By Tyler Lee on 02/15/2017 18:18 PST In the voice assistant market, Apple has Siri, Google has Google Assistant, Microsoft has Cortana. There are also voice assistants that aren’t natively integrated into phones or computers, such as SoundHound’s Hound and Amazon’s Alexa. We have also heard that Samsung is planning their own voice assistant called “Bixby”. This is why it doesn’t really come as a complete surprise to learn that Huawei could be working on their own voice assistant platform as well. This comes from a report from Bloomberg in which people familiar with the matter told the publication about Huawei’s plans. According to the report, Huawei has a team of more than 100 engineers who are in the early stages of developing the technology at their Shenzhen offices in China. This is particularly interesting because last we heard, Huawei was expected to bundle Amazon’s Alexa into its smartphones, so for Huawei to turn to their own platform would suggest that maybe Alexa could be a temporary measure until their own AI is up to scratch. However according to the report, Huawei’s voice assistant is meant more for the Chinese market and will communicate in Chinese. The company is expected to continue working with Google and Amazon for devices that are sold outside of China. Take it with a grain of salt for now, but it wouldn’t be a stretch to think that companies are seeing the benefits of having their own voice assistant as opposed to having to rely on third-party software, but whether or not Huawei’s efforts will be successful remains to be seen. Filed in Cellphones >Rumors. Read more about Huawei. Related Articles 2017-02-15 Huawei P10 FCC Filing Reveals 3,100mAh Battery 2017-02-15 Huawei P10 Video Teaser Released 2017-02-14 Huawei P10 Colors Teased In New Photo 2017-02-13 Huawei Watch 2 Launch Confirmed For MWC 2017 2017-02-12 Huawei Sold More Phones In 2016 But Made Less Profit Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Welcome to Arab News Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Jobs Trump wants Israel to hold back on settlements ‘for a little bit’ Gold prices edge lower China warns US against fresh naval patrols Oil pulls back after brief rally Cold wave expected in Saudi Arabia through Friday Hollande voices fear of cyberattacks in French vote Next Mideast generation is going to be responsible for incredible innovation: Gates Crown prince stresses importance of complying with traffic regulations 6 million Palestinians living under apartheid rule, PLO tells Arab News Google pledges to continue cooperation with KACST You are here Home Google pledges to continue cooperation with KACST Saudi Arabia Google pledges to continue cooperation with KACST Mohammed Rasooldeen | Published — Thursday 16 February 2017 KACST President Prince Dr. Turki bin Saud bin Mohammed Al-Saud, and Kent Walker, Google senior vice president for public policy affairs and social investment, at a presentation at the KACST headquarters in Riyadh on Tuesday. RIYADH: A visiting Google official on Tuesday pledged to continue cooperation with the King Abdulaziz City for Science and Technology (KACST) in information technology (IT) and communication. The talks, between KACST President Prince Dr. Turki bin Saud bin Mohammed Al-Saud, and Kent Walker, Google senior vice president for public policy affairs and social investment, were held at the KACST headquarters in Riyadh. The visiting delegation included Sam Baltteis, chief of government affairs of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC), and Selim Edde, Google head for public policy in the Middle East and North Africa. Hassan Al-Duhaim, managing director of the Saudi Arabian Investment Authority (SAGIA), was also present. Welcoming the Google delegation, Prince Turki outlined KACST activities in science, research, innovation, IT and communication, in line with Saudi Vision 2030 and the National Transformation Program (NTP) 2020. He said the KACST will help the government and non-governmental organizations diversify their projects and investments, and help Saudi youth in innovation, science, technology and research. Prince Turki also highlighted KACST efforts in enriching Arabic content on the Internet via a program initiated by King Salman. Walker expressed his desire to cooperate with the KACST in future projects that service their mutual objectives and Arab users in science and technology. The visiting delegation held a meeting with KACST IT specialists and reviewed research proposals conducted by the KACST with other stakeholders in IT. These include the King Abdullah Initiative for Digital Content, which with the support of King Salman serves to foster the presence of the Arabic language in mass-communication platforms, as well as in science and technology. The Kingdom spent SR120 billion ($32 billion) on developing the telecommunication and IT sectors in 2015. Saudi Arabia is the largest such investor in the region, and among the top 10 globally. Comments View the discussion thread. MORE FROM Saudi Arabia Cold wave expected in Saudi Arabia through Friday JEDDAH/RIYADH: Heavy rainfall and low temperatures are expected to continue through Friday... Next Mideast generation is going to be responsible for incredible innovation: Gates JEDDAH: Billionaire philanthropist Bill Gates on Tuesday said he was “optimistic” about the... Crown prince stresses importance of complying with traffic regulations Google pledges to continue cooperation with KACST Japan eager to see Saudi karate players shine King Abdullah Economic City hosts Art of Jeddah 21,39 exhibition Cold wave expected in Saudi Arabia through Friday Next Mideast generation is going to be responsible for incredible innovation: Gates Crown prince stresses importance of complying with traffic regulations Google pledges to continue cooperation with KACST Japan eager to see Saudi karate players shine King Abdullah Economic City hosts Art of Jeddah 21,39 exhibition Opinion — Abdulrahman Al-Rashed — Are we walking behind Trump? — Ray Hanania — Growing extremism, not Fayyad, is the problem — Frank Kane — Oil decline is redefining role of sovereign wealth funds — Diana Moukalled — After taming the Lebanese state, it is the media’s turn — Christopher Smart — The financial education of the euro zone — Bjorn Lomborg — Learning from Bill Gates More in Opinion MOST POPULAR Day Week Most Read Shared 6 million Palestinians living under apartheid rule, PLO tells Arab News 248 views Pakistani women’s contribution to country’s development highlighted 155 views Angola orders Gulen-linked Turkish school to close 69 views Japan eager to see Saudi karate players shine 68 views France’s Le Pen to visit Lebanon 61 views Dominican journalists shot dead during live broadcast 48 views Most Read Shared Saudi market regulator confirms fines, jail terms in MMG case 33278 views Egyptian woman, world’s heaviest, to be biggest yet happiest loser after India op 28171 views One dead, hundreds rescued as floods hit Saudi Arabia's Asir region 21855 views UAE vice president: You must change or you will be changed 20596 views Prince Faisal approves two airport locations in Riyadh 14130 views Saudi forces arrest 7 terror suspects in Jeddah raids 12716 views STAY CONNECTED TheArabNews @Arab_News Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Privacy & Terms of Service © 2017 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: Gadgets Six things you didn’t know you could do with Google Published February 16, 2017 Share Tweet Pin it +1 Ozioma Ubabukoh Who knew you could use Google to plan a wedding? That is just a few of the awesome things you did not know you could use Google to do. With the help of Jumia Travel, we unravel the mystery and reveal six things you did not know you could use Google to do. Set a timer You can use Google to set a timer. Simply Google the amount of time you want to set and include the word ‘timer’ at the end. A countdown will come up and you can set it to make a sound when the set time has elapsed. Split a bill On a night out with a group of friends, you have all ordered your meals and eaten to your hearts’ content. Now it is time to pay the bill. Rather than struggle to calculate the amount each person is going to pay, you can simply Google ‘tip calculator’. You enter the cost of the bill and the number of people to pay for it. It will give you the cost for each person. If you want to add a tip for the waiter to the cost, you can include the percentage of the tip you want to give or you can just set the ‘tip %’ at ‘0%’ if you do not want to give a tip. Filter your Gmail Especially when using your Gmail to register or sign up to certain websites, you can add “+anything” to your email address; this will create a folder that all emails from that site will go to automatically. This will help you keep your Gmail in order and avoid irrelevant emails mixing up with the relevant ones. The format for this is your [email protected] e.g.david.michael+kamdora@ gmail.com. Find and download fonts Simply use this link ‘https://fonts.google.com/’or Google ‘Google fonts’ to access and download the large collection of free fonts Google has to offer. Plan your wedding Yes, Google can help you plan your wedding. You can either use this link “https://drive.google.com/ previewtemplate?id= 0AhN0y99GtIFTdEc0ZzFkMU8tZmFTS Vp3dmhhMlRycWc&&ddrp=1#” to access the all-in-one wedding planner, or Google ‘Google Weddings’ and follow the result with the heading “Wedding: All-in-One Wedding Planner.” Google Weddings helps you do everything from announcing the news of the wedding engagement to finding a venue, making a budget, creating the guest list, creating the schedule etc. Find out the week’s football fixtures All you need to do is Google the football league and a chart will come up showing the different teams in the league that have played alongside their scores, and the teams to play in the coming weeks along with the times they are to play. For example, if you Google ‘EPL’, a chart with all the scores and schedules for the teams to play in that league will come up. The chart shows you the scores and game schedules for all the teams in that league. Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected]   Trending Alleged N108bn fraud: EFCC seizes Akpabio’s wife’s school CCTV exposes Rivers police kill painter by roadside 2019: Atiku, Lamido may clash over PDP presidential ticket AGF Malami queries Emefiele on alleged Forex fraud in CBN At last, Oluwo appears before Osun court, apologises Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Advertise punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
Menu Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Subscribe Sign In Search Home Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Tech talk: Voice-command devices, and home automation Wed Feb 15th, 2017 5:04pm Life You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Q. Is it possible to talk with Siri on non-Apple devices? The short answer is no, Siri is a feature only available from Apple. It is the voice-controlled Intelligent Personal Assistant installed on Apple devices. Controlling devices with voice commands are hot right now, and Apple Siri has plenty of company. Microsoft has Cortana. Google has Google Voice. Samsung has Viv. Amazon has Alexa. Each has a common set of abilities, along with capabilities unique to that assistant. For example, any of them can tell you the weather, but only Siri can play content on AppleTV, and only Alexa can order products from Amazon. There is also a wide variety of devices to support these assistants. In addition to laptops, tablets, and phones, a new category of desktop device has appeared in the last year. The only one so far to get much traction is Amazon Echo, which is a line of devices ranging from $50 to $150. We are still in the early-adopter stage of desktop voice assistants, but there is an abundance of interesting developments to explore. Note that while Siri is Apple-only, most of the other assistants are available on multiple models via an app. Q. I have a small room inside my house where the light switch is in an inconvenient place. I have to awkwardly fumble around to reach it. Can home automation help? Because you mentioned “home automation,” I need to start with a warning. Home automation is a loosely defined term that includes a mix of products and services. Many of them show great promise, but they are not fully baked yet. There are incompatible standards, a device from company A is unlikely to work with a device from company B. Some vendors have gone out of business, stranding users. Often a device will solve one problem only to create two new problems. I will write about home automation in the coming months, but at the moment, my advice is to steer clear. Wait until the products mature. Now back to your light switch. When I was very young, my grandmother fell down the cellar steps because the switch inside the cellar door was in an odd place. Fortunately, she escaped with only a few bruises. It may seem like overkill for some, but I think switch placement is about safety as much as convenience, especially in homes built before modern electrical codes. I had a similar safety issue in my garage, and I solved it with the help of a licensed electrician and a wall switch with a built-in occupancy sensor. These switches sense movement in the room and turn on the power when needed. Better models include two sensors, one for motion and one for ambient light, so the light only turns on when the room is both occupied and dark. In the right situation, sensor switches are a worthwhile investment. Q. My phone’s battery no long-er lasts an entire day. The battery seems to go from 20% to empty very quickly. What can I do besides replace the phone? Try restarting the phone. A simple off-on cycle never hurts and often helps. If the problem remains, the next step is to look for an app that consumes too much power. Newer phones have a Battery Setting screen that lists which apps use the most power. With this information, you may be able to put your phone’s power consumption on a diet. When these software fixes do not work, it is time to look at hardware. Is the phone still under warranty? If the phone is old enough to be out of warranty, the battery is probably near the end of its life. Generally when a battery ages, the battery meter becomes less dependable. There are apps that reveal a phone’s battery cycle count, which is a good indicator to determine if the battery has developed a fault, or has merely been used up . If you work though the steps above and still do not have enough power, the solution is to add a bigger battery. Mophie (mophie.com) makes a line of “Juice Pack” phone cases that incorporate a battery. They come in different sizes, everything from small enough to add just a few hours to very large multi-day workhorses. A good battery case will add a few hours of usability each day, and it will add many months to the overall lifetime of the phone itself. Most Read Why an Everett woman gave her business away — to an employee It was the sudden death of Cyndi Mitchell’s only child in 2006… Feb 15th, 2017 by Jennifer Sasseen County settles with 2011 Marysville crash victim for $375K EVERETT — Snohomish County has agreed to settle a lawsuit with a… Feb 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Lake Stevens voters leaning toward approving library STANWOOD — Voters in Stanwood and on Camano Island were well on… Feb 15th, 2017 by Kari Bray People Briefly: Support Trump, Lindsay Lohan says Lindsay Lohan: Support Trump, would be ‘a positive thing’ Lindsay Lohan says… Feb 15th, 2017 Everett committee scraps geographic districts for council members EVERETT — The Everett City Council’s general government subcommittee is recommending the… Feb 15th, 2017 by Chris Winters © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Enterprise IoT Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Five takeaways after a weekend with the LG Watch Sport By Jason Cipriani | February 13, 2017 -- 18:50 GMT (10:50 PST) | Topic: Reviews Editors' rating Not yet rated $349.99 Average user rating Not yet rated Editors' review Specs After using the LG Watch Sport and Android Wear 2.0 for the weekend, I've put together a few observations about the experience in its current form. It's a little early to pen a full review, so instead I offer five things I learned after wearing the LG Watch Sport for a weekend. A giant watch Jason Cipriani/ZDNet Pictures of the LG Watch Sport don't tell the full story of just how big this watch looks and feels. It's not the diameter of the watch that's shocking, it's how thick it is. The bulk is likely to make room for LTE radios and added battery life for the extra connectivity. Speaking of battery life, my experience has been mixed so far. With LTE enabled, I'm able to get through a day of use, but not more. I'll keep testing and include a more in-depth report on battery life in an full review soon. Do I spin or swipe? Jason Cipriani/ZDNet The Watch Sport has three buttons on the right side. Two are dedicated app shortcuts you can customize, while the middle button does all sorts of things. A quick press opens the app list. A long-press activates Google Assistant. Within an app, the button takes you to the home screen. The Internet of Things 10 types of enterprise deployments As businesses continue to experiment with the Internet of Things, interesting use cases are emerging. Here are some of the most common ways IoT is deployed in the enterprise. Read More Top ZDNET Reviews Dell Latitude 11 5000 7.9 Apple iPhone 7 Plus 9.3 Amazon Echo 9.0 Google Pixel XL Phone 8.0 This same button also rotates, making it easy to scroll through whatever information is on the screen. For example, when viewing your watch face, you can start scrolling up to view pending alerts, and then tap on a notification to view more information. Implementing a digital crown on Android Wear is a welcomed addition, instead of forcing users to swipe multiple times on a watch screen while simultaneously trying to view content on the display. It's also a feature that's not used in every app across the board -- and it's incredibly frustrating. Within several apps, where content goes below the screen and scrolling is required, it's hit or miss whether you can use the crown to scroll or if you need to swipe. In the Android Pay app, for example, you cannot use the crown to scroll. In the Google Fit app, you can use the crown to scroll up or down. The inconsistent experience makes no sense. Android Wear 2.0 doesn't feel finished Never knowing when to swipe or use the crown is just one example of Android Wear 2.0's hit-or-miss experience. The entire operating system feels as if it needs more polish, even after it was delayed for several months. Google Assistant, a key feature of the update, doesn't always launch, often begging for a data connection despite being connected to Wi-Fi, LTE, and my phone. Switching watch faces sometimes results in no watch face being displayed at all -- just a blank, black screen -- until you restart the watch. Android Pay Unfortunately, I can't test Android Wear's new Android Pay integration. According to the official list of cards supported by Android Pay, there are two providers who don't support Android Wear quite yet: Citi and Wells Fargo. As luck would have it, those happen to be the two cards I can add. NumberSync is confusing The LG Watch Sport is the first LTE watch I've used. I was excited about the prospect of leaving my phone at home when running errands or going for a walk thanks to AT&T's NumberSync feature. After adding the watch to my AT&T account for $10 a month, I attempted to activate NumberSync, with the Sport paired to Google's Pixel XL. The process takes a few minutes. It requires you to enter a sync code on the AT&T website to verify the watch and connect it to your phone number. However, after entering the sync code, I was greeted with an error message stating the phone I was using lacked support for HD Voice. Therefore, I can't use NumberSync. Bummer. Knowing my iPhone 7 Plus supports HD Voice, I reset the watch and paired it to my iPhone. NumberSync set up worked, and messages sent to my phone were delivered to the watch even with my iPhone turned off. Unfortunately, when my phone was turned on and connected to the watch, I would receive text message alerts twice. Once as a standard notification on the watch, then again as a standalone message sent just to the watch. After tinkering with settings, duplicate notifications still persisted. I need to look into it more, but as of right now, I have NumberSync disabled. Hopefully I was missing something and adjusting a setting or two is all that's needed to stop double delivery of text messages. While I continue to work on my review, make sure to read through Matthew Miller's story detailing why he thinks the Gear S3 is better than the Watch Sport. VIDEO: iPhone turns 10: Watch it evolve from 2007 to 2017 Specifications Miscellaneous Color Category Gray Style Product type GPS Sport watch OS Provided Type Android Wear 2.0 Topics: Reviews, Google, Korea, Mobile OS, Mobility, Internet of Things Where To Buy Price $349.99 AT&T Wireless $249.99 Top ZDNET Reviews IFROGZ Impulse Wireless Headphones 7 Boston Quattro 12256-T 9 Lenovo Yoga 910 8.5 Logitech Spotlight Presentation Remote First Take Kick off your day with ZDNet's daily email newsletter. It's the freshest tech news and opinion, served hot. Get it. User Reviews Powered by Livefyre Add your Review Where To Buy LG Watch Sport Part Number: LG-W280V Price $349.99 AT&T Wireless $249.99 See It Related Stories Reviews IFROGZ Impulse Wireless headphones are worth every penny Servers Boston Quattro 12256-T review: A modular HPC server with a Xeon Phi twist Laptops Lenovo Yoga 910 review: A classy 13.9-inch convertible laptop × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides MWC 2017 LG G6 Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 Nintendo Switch iOS 10.3 News HTC Vive mobile: what we want to see HTC Vive mobile: what we want to see By Cameron Faulkner Mobile phones   Will HTC bring untethered virtual reality for its mobile Vive? Shares The HTC Vive is, to this day, the best way to experience virtual reality. One of its few downsides is that you’re required to pair it with a fairly powerful PC. But as HTC wants to push its master stroke VR chops into its mobile business, you can bet that we’ll see new Vive hardware in the future that relies on smartphone hardware to power the experience. What will it be called? What will it look like? How much will it cost? Let’s dive right in. Cut to the chase What is it? A mobile-friendly take on the HTC Vive When is it out? Possibly within the next few months How much will it cost? Likely a fraction of the PC-tethered Vive The idea of an HTC Vive headset that’s tuned for use with a smartphone has been on a slow, but steady boil since MWC 2016 when HTC stated that “it would make sense” for it to investigate such a thing. While Samsung has sailed into its second generation, but still largely unchanged Samsung Gear VR, and Google has introduced its Google Daydream platform, it is a bit odd that HTC has abstained from the fray. But HTC’s CFO Chia-Lin Chang said that the company is close to releasing something that will feed from the power of the HTC U Ultra, according to a recent interview. However, unlike the competition, the company will be taking a different approach instead of the common “phone slapped into a headset” as he put it rather frankly. While that tease trims away some of the possibilities as to how this HTC Vive made for mobile will receive its power, it leaves more than enough blanks for us to fill. Here’s what we want to see in HTC’s first mobile VR headset. Inside-out tracking Today’s mobile-driven VR headsets don’t offer much in the way of tracking anything other than your current X and Y axis thanks to the gyroscope and accelerometer inside of your phone. Tethered headsets, like the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift and PSVR benefit from some added external hardware that allows what’s called outside-in tracking. Whether it be a camera or a set of lighthouses, the extra hardware allows spatial information to be collected, allowing it to track your head and controller movement in three dimensions. Basically, it helps to add immersion. The inverse of this is inside-out tracking, which puts that head-tracking tech inside of the headset. The Microsoft HoloLens is a good example of this in action, but we’d love to see the HTC Vive mobile headset come packing a similar setup of internal sensors.  Native Daydream support As much as we want to see HTC forge its own path in the mobile VR world, we also would like Google Daydream support for the headset. Given that this headset will connect to the HTC U Ultra in some fashion, the phone runs on Android Nougat out of the box, which means that it will be primed from the start to support Google’s high-quality VR platform. Taken a step further, it’s entirely plausible that the phone could work in a similar manner to the HTC Vive’s controllers, albeit without buttons. To remedy this, HTC could launch a face plate for the phone that applies capacitive buttons, making it compatible with any experiences already available through the Google Play Store. Two hours of use As novel and convenient as mobile VR may be, one of its inherent flaws is that it’s running entirely off a battery. And given that VR is such an intensive task, it puts an especially quick drain on most smartphone batteries, even if they are quite large. The HTC U Ultra stocks a respectable, but not-all-that-impressive 3,000mAh internal battery. While this is certainly enough to keep things running for at the very least an hour, it’s hard to tell how much longer it could feasibly last. Considering that VR backpacks, like the Zotac VR Go can run for about two hours, we hope that HTC has something up its sleeves that can squeeze out at least that much performance. Maybe we’ll see a little battery juice built inside of the headset to let the good times roll a little bit longer. Low price point HTC’s upcoming efforts could fall somewhere in the $199-299 price region, which already seems high considering that you apparently need to own the HTC Ultra U to operate it at all. This is but a fraction of the HTC Vive rather prohibitive cost at $799 / £689 / €899, as a mobile VR headset obviously doesn’t stand a chance at that price. It’s difficult to pin down what price will be acceptable for what HTC is creating since so little is known about it. However, if it arrives as the first of its kind: a highly capable mobile VR headset that’s stocked with inside-out tracking potential and unique software experiences, a higher price would be expected to follow. More processing power The reason that the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift are the preferred avenues with which to experience VR is all thanks to the loads of power coming through from a PC. But considering the fast evolution of smartphone chipsets, it’s certainly amazing what they can do today, though they don’t hold a candle by comparison. The throughput potential of the HTC Ultra U is likely to be at least as good as the Google Pixel since it features 4GB of RAM and the Snapdragon 821. However, these specs are a bit worrying for the headset as it will likely be outmatched by the Snapdragon 835, the chipset strongly rumored to be featured first in the Samsung Galaxy S8. To really impress with its mobile Vive, HTC would ideally install a processing unit of sorts into the headset, much like how the PSVR works with the PS4. Working in tandem with the phone, it’s easy to imagine that HTC’s headset would handily outperform what we’ve seen in the mobile VR space thus far. Comfort and function balanced Anyone who has tried the HTC Vive can probably agree that it’s among the most comfortable headsets out there. What’s better than its comfort is that it lets very little light inside, which is a common problem encountered with the Google Daydream View. Form and function is an even more delicate balance to strike when it comes to VR headsets and thankfully, HTC knows a thing or two about it already. Hopefully, the company applies its learnings to the mobile VR space as well. AR functionality Augmented reality is potentially on the brink of a major breakthrough. And thanks to Google’s own Tango software, the mixed reality technology is easier to access and develop for than ever. We have our doubts that the HTC Ultra U alone could provide a super-smooth AR experience, but if this headset had a little processing power of its own, this idea becomes way more feasible. It’s worth noting that including such a feature would also rely on HTC keeping the cameras that are on the Vive and tuning them to support spatial detection. This wish seems like the least likely to happen on our list, but fingers are still crossed as it would put this headset way ahead of the rest. Steam VR support HTC’s Vive and Steam are practically synonymous thanks to their partnership to get Steam VR off the ground. As Valve’s first partner for the platform, it’s entirely possible that we’ll see another company taking on the next headset. But until that happens, it’d break new ground for Valve to introduce some sort of cross-platform functionality for Vive compatible apps and games on Steam to also work on this mobile VR headset. Again, the likelihood here is slim given how large of a leap it would be for Valve. But a move like this would massively benefit both HTC and Valve. It’s possible that HTC could have something to introduce as early as MWC 2017. In that case, we’ll be sure to be among the first to try it out and report back. What do you think HTC’s mobile VR headset will be like? Have we missed anything? Let us know in the comments. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Cameron Faulkner Cameron is the US mobile editor at TechRadar, covering the tech that's in your pocket, wrapped around your wrist, and strapped to your face. He's based in New York City. Find him on Steam, or listen to some of his favorite tunes on Google Play Music. Related news The 10 best Ultrabooks of 2017: top thin and light laptops reviewed Moto G5 lineup bares all in retailer leak PlayStation Now support cut for PS3 and many more devices Xbox Project Scorpio will be the star of Microsoft's E3 2017 keynote See more Mobile phones news Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Don't panic - Nintendo NES Mini production will continue 2 Classic comeback? These four Nokia phones are rumored for MWC 2017 3 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 4 The 15 best laptops of 2017: the top laptops ranked 5 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 1 Canon EOS Rebel T7i / EOS 800D review 2 Nintendo Switch might get GameCube's best games via Virtual Console 3 This is the first taste of VR on macOS 4 Classic comeback? These four Nokia phones are rumored for MWC 2017 5 The best free-to-play Steam games 2017 TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Five Ways Parents Can Save Money On Kid Essentials Ask LH: Is It Worth Switching Credit Cards For Better Rewards? What Are The Maximum Number Of Coins You Can Legally Pay With? Lenders May Look At Your Social Profiles To Judge Your Creditworthiness Home How To Buy, Prepare And Enjoy Raw Fish IKEA's Online Store Just Added 400 New Products The Ways Wild And Farmed Salmon Differ (And How To Cook Both Perfectly) Beware The 'Keeping Up With The Joneses' Trap Of A Minimalist Lifestyle Entertainment Everything You Need To Know About HDMI 2.1 Pixar Adds A Storytelling Class To Its Khan Academy Lineup Why I Will Never Play Monopoly Again Improve Your Audio Recording Skills With This NPR Production Guide Travel The Best Way To Load A Backpack For Long Hikes [Infographic] TodayFlights Shows A Single Flight's Details In The MacOS Notification Center Skip Heavy Airline Fees When Travelling With A Bicycle With The 'Bananas Box And Chop' Method The Harmless Items That Could Trigger A Security Search Of Checked Luggage Health Maintain Your Relationship By Treating It Like A Bank Account Make It Easier To Medicate Your Dog With DIY Pill Pockets How To Include Your Kids In Your Workout Routine It's Safe To Skip Your Period On Birth Control Design Three Common Mistakes Beginning Photographers Often Make How To Quickly Fix A Broken Thong Make A Super-Bright, Dimmable LED Lighting Fixture For Your Workshop The Nepali Desktop Work Productivity The Fully-Packed Tech Bag I'm Ven Lai, Creative Designer At Chevrolet, And This Is How I Work Five Top Tweaks To Maximise Your Android Phone's Battery How To Turn Off Auto-Playing Sound For Videos On Facebook Communicate Going '3G Only': Do The Pros Outweigh The Cons? The Do's And Don'ts Of Talking To Anti-Vaxxers And Anti-Fluoriders The Most Diplomatic Way To Respond To An Offensive Comment At Work Ask LH: Can I Change My Phone On An Existing Contract? Organise Briefly: Nioh Review, Solo Travel, Yoga Hacker Briefly: Computer Gaoler, Unexpected Teeth, Tesla Woes Briefly: Aussie Pay Rise, Sand Shortage, Valentine's Day Games Vantage Calendar Is A More Visual Way To View Your Calendar Career Deals: You Can Get Lifetime Access To Over 1000 Training Courses What To Do When Your Job Changes Overnight Can You Sue Someone For Giving You A Bad Reference? Deals: This Training Will Make You A Master Of Microsoft Office Business Travel Qantas Is Adding Free Foxtel, Netflix And Spotify To Domestic Flights Dealhacker: Save Up To 40 Per Cent On Virgin Business Class Seats This Weekend Pack Dried Oatmeal For A Filling, Quick In-Flight Meal Cheap US Hotels: When To Visit US Cities For Lower Hotel Rates Security The Privacy Enthusiast's Guide To Using An iPhone Opt Out Of Data Collection On Your Smart TV Who Owns Your Smartphone: You Or The Manufacturer? WhatsApp Now Supports Two-Step Verification, Here's How To Turn It On Small Business & Startups Xero Makes It Easier For Small Businesses To Calculate The Value Of Depreciating Assets Elevator Pitch: MEETIG8 How I Succeeded: Adobe's Chris Skelton How Businesses Can Prepare For A Heatwave IT Pro Cloud Google Drive Blocks Users From Sharing Pirated Content With Hash Matching Microsoft Azure Cuts Prices On Virtual Machines And Cloud Storage In Australia Google G Suite Adds Security Features For Enterprise Administrators Slack Enterprise Grid Aims To Connect Small Teams In Large Organisations IT Career A 7-Year-Old Girl Asked Google For A Job - And CEO Sundar Pichai Responded How 'Hot-Deskers' Are Made To Feel Like The Homeless People Of The Office World How To Cope With The Stress Of Working Alone Answer The 'Tell Me About Yourself' Interview Question With This Formula IT Security Verizon Wants A US$250 Million Discount On Yahoo After Major Data Breach Incidents YouPorn Is Paying Big Bucks For Hackers To Find Security Holes On Its Website Microsoft Is Late With Its Security Updates This Month How Will Australia's New Mandatory Data Breach Notification Laws Impact Your Business? Developer Don't Waste Money On Intel's Top Processor Deals: Learn The Ins And Outs Of Game Development With This Training Program Dev-Books Is A Massive Collection Of The Most Recommended Coding And Programming Books Tim Sweeney: 'Windows Cloud Is Ransomware' Deployment Be More Productive By Sitting Next To Someone Who Works Hard Over Half Of NBN Customers Are On Telstra Replacing SMS With Push Notifications Could Save Companies A Truck-Load Of Money Neutralise A Workplace Bully By Asking Them To Slow Down And Explain Servers The Hard Drives Most (and Least) Likely To Fail, According To Backblaze Oracle Is Starting To Fine Customers Who Thought They Were Using Free Java Software Server Down: What Caused The ATO System Crash? ATO Website Crash: One Petabyte Of Data Lost Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers Going '3G Only': Do The Pros Outweigh The Cons? Hump Day Deals: Cheap PC Software, 30% Off Lego, Free Google Play Music Why NBN Co Is Wrong About Gigabit Broadband There Are Six Styles Of Love. Which One Best Describes You? A 7-Year-Old Girl Asked Google For A Job - And CEO Sundar Pichai Responded Matt Weinberger Feb 16, 2017, 12:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories children community management job seeking managers Share Image: iStock Chloe Bridgewater, who lives in Hereford, UK, has a little more drive than your average seven-year-old. Fascinated by her Kindle Fire tablet and robots, and totally taken by the idea of working somewhere with bean bag chairs, go-karts, and slides, Chloe decided to apply to Google for a job. Here is Chloe’s letter, shared to Business Insider by her father, Andy: Super cute, right? Well, imagine her surprise and delight when she got a letter back from the CEO of Google himself, Sundar Pichai, who encouraged her to follow her dreams, adding “I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school! :)” Take a look at the letter, shared in a viral LinkedIn post by Chloe’s father Andy Bridgewater earlier this week: Business Insider has confirmed the veracity of the letter. In that LinkedIn post, Andy Bridgewater writes that it’s a much-needed confidence booster for Chloe, who was “knocked down” by a car years ago. Chloe’s fascination with Google began recently, Bridgewater tells Business Insider, when she asked him where his ideal place to work would be. Currently, Bridgewater works in sales for a refrigeration system parts manufacturer. “And I said, ‘oh, Google would be a nice place to work,” owing to their world-famous perks and all of the cutting-edge work they do, he says. And so, when Chloe decided she wanted to work there too, her father encouraged her to apply and “get the ball rolling,” he says. Now, with all the attention garnered from Pichai’s personal response, it’s only redoubled Chloe’s drive to work for Google. Bridgewater says that his daughter now wants to go on TV and talk to the media and use that to find some way in to the Silicon Valley-based search company. He’s largely resisted, wanting her to focus on her studies and develop her skills. Except now, the elder Bridgewater wants to brush up on his own technological skills to catch up with Chloe. “Sadly, I think I’ve got to up my game,” Bridgewater says. This story originally appeared on Business Insider. Also on Lifehacker Planhacker: How To Fill Your Phone With Cheap Data Australian Open 2017: Play Schedule And Opening Matches NBN's New Speed Names Explained Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Why NBN Co Is Wrong About Gigabit Broadband Spandas Lui 15 Feb 2017 1:00 PM Last week, NBN Co CEO Bill Morrow took a beating for claiming Australians won't use a gigabit broadband service, even if it was offered for free. He hit back at his detractors with a lengthy opinion piece, explaining his position. We take a look at some of the arguments he made and breakdown why they are flawed. IKEA's Online Store Just Added 400 New Products Chris Jager 16 Feb 2017 4:45 PM Last year, IKEA began an aggressive expansion into Australia by adding new stores, home delivery and an online store. The fruits of these labours are now paying off in the form of more products than ever - 400 to be exact. Fantastiskt! Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: You Can Get Lifetime Access To Over 1000 Training Courses Deals: How You Can Become A Certified Project Management Expert Deals: Learn The Ins And Outs Of Game Development With This Training Program Dealhacker: Save Up To 40 Per Cent On Virgin Business Class Seats This Weekend Trending Articles 1 Why NBN Co Is Wrong About Gigabit Broadband 2 What Are The Maximum Number Of Coins You Can Legally Pay With? 3 Maintain Your Relationship By Treating It Like A Bank Account 4 Hump Day Deals: Cheap PC Software, 30% Off Lego, Free Google Play Music 5 IKEA's Online Store Just Added 400 New Products This Black Series Poe Dameron Helmet Is Too Small For Adults And It's Super Unfair While Kids Teach Beauty And The Beast's Belle How To Dance, This Doll Teaches Them How To Code This New Wearable Version Of Simon Will Have You Swatting At Your Face When Will A Black Actor Get To Have Their Deadpool Moment?  The Latest Marvel Legends Set Is A Guardians Of The Galaxy All-Star Team Behold, Frankenstein's Star Wars Ships More Details About AMD's Ryzen CPU Are Starting To Come Out DC's Newest Young Animal Series Is A Deep, Deep Jack Kirby Cut Maintain Your Relationship By Treating It Like A Bank Account How To Buy, Prepare And Enjoy Raw Fish Be More Productive By Sitting Next To Someone Who Works Hard Briefly: Nioh Review, Solo Travel, Yoga Hacker Shares in one of Britain's biggest aerospace firms are down 20% after it issued a 5th profit warning in 2 years Trump's Nato ultimatum has shattered a key pillar of May's Brexit plans An ex-RBS employee and customers have accused the bank of fraud, document manipulation, and forgery REPORT: The EU is terrified that Brexit will allow people to sell 'British Champagne' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Skip to main content Broadcasting and Cable TV Technology TVB Europe Next TV NYC Television Week More AV/PRO AUDIO AV-IQ AudioMedia.com AudioProInternational.com AVNetwork.com Installation-International.com MixOnline.com ProSoundNetwork.com PSNEurope.com ResidentialSystems.com BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO Broadcast.it CreativePlanetNetwork.com GovernmentVideo.com Licensing.biz RadioMagOnline.com RadioWorld.com TV Tech Global CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING BikeBiz.com Develop-Online.net eSports Pro MVCuk.com Mobile-ent.biz PCR-Online.biz Twice.com ToyNews-Online.biz EDUCATION Eduwire.com SchoolCIO.com TechLearning.com MUSIC BassPlayer.com Emusician.com GuitarAficionado.com GuitarPlayer.com GuitarWorld.com KeyboardMag.com MI-Pro.co.uk MusicWeek.com RevolverMag.com News Policy National Regulation State Laws/Franchising Courts FCC Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD TV Award Shows Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Consent Transactions Stocks/Earning Research Advanced Advertising Addressable Digital Ad Insertion Programmatic Audience Measurement Technology SCTE Cable-Tec Expo Next TV TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Virtual Reality Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Public Service INTX People Broadband Google Fiber Taps New Leader Amid Restructuring By Jeff Baumgartner Feb 15, 2017 Congress House Members Push Pai On Lifeline Authorizations By John Eggerton Feb 15, 2017 Sports NBC Slates Documentary on Gender and Sports By John Eggerton Feb 15, 2017 Finance Sling TV to Offer Free HBO Preview By Mike Farrell Feb 15, 2017 Comcast Accounting Chief to Retire By Mike Farrell Feb 15, 2017 Cable Ops Have ATSC 3.0 Questions By John Eggerton Feb 15, 2017 Blogs As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On The Money Picture This The Bauminator Translation Please Community As I Was Saying Rural Broadband, Restoring FCC to 5 Members Top Walden's Agenda By Gary Arlen The Bauminator Forecast: 8.4M UHD Blu-ray Discs to Sell in 2017 By Jeff Baumgartner MCN Guest Blog Reforming the FCC’s Video Competition Policy By Randolph May and Seth Cooper, Free State Foundation Picture This Viacom: When Less Means More By R. Thomas Umstead Multichannel Planner | Feb. 13-26 By MCN Online Extra | Feb. 13, 2017 By MCN Staff Events Multichannel News Events Webinars Sponsored Webinars NYC TV & Video Week Technology Leadership Summit Mar 08, 2017 Multichannel News Wonder Women Luncheon Mar 23, 2017 Advanced Advertising Summit Mar 27, 2017 Technology Leadership Awards at NAB Apr 24, 2017 Images Videos Photos Freeze Frame -- Feb. 13, 2017 Feb 13, 2017 Freeze Frame -- Feb. 6, 2017 Feb 06, 2017 Freeze Frame -- Jan. 30, 2017 Jan 30, 2017 Freeze Frame -- Jan. 16, 2017 Jan 17, 2017 Tech Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Big Data Insights Broadband Google Fiber Taps New Leader Amid Restructuring By Jeff Baumgartner Feb 15, 2017 Next TV DirecTV, ESPN Wrap National Rollout of Set-Top Box App By Jeff Baumgartner Feb 15, 2017 Broadband Mediacom Broadens 1-Gig Reach By Jeff Baumgartner Feb 15, 2017 OTT Apple to Use Original TV Series to Pump Subscription Music Business By Jeff Baumgartner Feb 15, 2017 Subscribe Subscribe All Access Login Newsletter Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Facebook Twitter Rss Search Search News Back To Main All News Policy Back To NEWS All Policy National Regulations State Laws/Frachising Courts FCC Distribution Back To NEWS All Distribution Cable Operators Telco TV Internet Video Satellite OTT Content Back To NEWS All Content Networks Programming Ratings Sports VOD Finance Back To NEWS All Finance Carriage Deals Retransmission Content Transactions Stocks/Earnings Research Marketing Back To NEWS All Marketing Advertising Social Media Customer Service Multicultural Technology Back To NEWS All Technology Broadband Wireless Video Mobile Voice TV Everywhere Back To NEWS All TV Everywhere TV Apps Advanced Services Interactive TV HD TV 3D Blogs Back To Main All BLOGS As I Was Saying Capital Letters MCN Guest Blog Mixed Signals My Turn On the Money Picture This Reynolds Rap The Bauminator Translation Please Viewpoint Events Back To Main All Events Multichannel Events Webinars Industry Calendar Cable TV Conventions TV Awrds Shows Images Back To Main All Images Videos Photos Tech Back To Main Broadband Mobile The Bauminator Translation Please Video Voice Wireless Subscribe Back To Main Subscibe All Access Login Newsletters Digital Edition Customer Service Current Issue Archive Search Feb 15 2017 Broadband Google Fiber Taps New Leader Amid Restructuring Remains committed to serve current cities, expected to move ahead on plan to enter trio of new markets 2/15/2017 7:49 PM Eastern By: Jeff Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator Google Fiber and the Access unit of parent company Alphabet has a new CEO, who is coming on board amid the move to a more decentralized structure that will affect hundreds of employees while enabling the division to remain committed to its current batch of cities and push into new ones.   On the leadership front, Alphabet has tapped Gregory McCray as CEO of its Access division, which includes operations of Google Fiber, which is building out FTTP networks that support gigabit broadband, voice and TV services. McCray, who has been serving as CEO of Aero Communications and on the board of CenturyLink, takes over in the role previously held by Craig Barratt, who has since resigned that post and was recently named CEO of Barefoot Networks, a maker of fast, programmable Ethernet switch chips that counts Google among its financial backers. Late last year, The Information reported that CenturyLink was a “potential acquirer” of Google Fiber. RELATED: Building Fiber Networks: Difficult and Lame? “Google Fiber has been instrumental making the web faster and better for everyone — something I’ve been passionate about my entire career,” McCray said, in a statement. “I’m thrilled to lead Access as we continue in our mission to connect more people to abundant access, on networks that are always fast and always open.” McCray heads up Access following a recent decision to pause Google Fiber’s expansion plans as it concentrated on current deployments and explored less expensive wireless broadband alternatives.    RELATED: Google Fiber Pauses Expansion Plans, Laying Off Some Staff “Google Fiber remains focused on our customers and cities. We want to bring Google Fiber to customers faster, so we’re focused on making deployment more efficient and less intrusive,” a Google Fiber spokesperson said. “We’re thrilled that Greg has agreed to join as CEO, to drive this innovation and to grow the business.” The Google Fiber team is moving to a more decentralized structure that will allow for more innovation to come from the field, but a move that will also result in hundreds of employees shifting into new roles in Google and Alphabet, a person familiar with the matter said, confirming a story first reported by Bloomberg. The new structure, the person added, will likewise mean that Access will look a bit more like a startup again, with a focus on innovations designed to improve business results and service velocity. Google Fiber, the person added, will also look to serve existing subscribers and add new ones in the current cities, and is now in position to push ahead with previous plans to enter new cities such as Huntsville, Ala.; Louisville, Ky., and San Antonio, Texas. RELATED: Google Fiber to Ride Muni-Owned Huntsville Network Cities still on Google Fiber’s list for “potential” build outs include Dallas, Texas; Jacksonville, Fla.; Los Angeles, Calif.; Oklahoma City, Okla.; Phoenix, Ariz.; San Jose, Calif., Tampa, Fla.; and Portland, Ore.   Cities supported by Webpass, the wireless broadband company acquired last fall by Google Fiber, include Boston; Chicago; Miami, San Diego, San Francisco, and Oakland. Want to read more stories like this? Get our Free Newsletter Here! TAGS: Google Fiber    Alphabet    FTTP    gigabit broadband    Gregory McCray    Share This Post View the discussion thread. PR Feed: Tributes To Led Zeppelin And The Beatles Headline Season 8 Of Axs Tv’s ‘The World’s Greatest Tribute Bands’ Returning Wednesday, March 8 At 10pe/7pp Fox News Channel To Present The First 100 Days Town Hall Event On February 21st AT 7PM/ET Mattel Creations Announces New Monster High Series Exclusive For Youtube Kids Philadelphia’s University City Science Center Engages with Comcast Business Ethernet Comcast Business Announces $25 Million Investment to Expand High-Performance Ethernet Network in Boston and Cambridge Starz And Sony Pictures Television Announce “Outlander” To Return In September 2017 Olympic Channel Launches Global Digital Platform in Six Additional Languages We Tv Partners With Elected Officials To Celebrate Black History Month WILSHIRE STUDIOS AND BUZZFEED NEWS TO DEVELOP DOCU-SERIES BASED ON MYSTERIOUS BURNING DEATH OF MISSISSIPPI TEEN JESSICA CHAMBERS NBC OLYMPICS AND SPORTSENGINE PARTNER WITH UNITED WORLD WRESTLING TO PRESENT COVERAGE OF 24 UWW EVENTS ANNUALLY THROUGH 2020 Newsletter Signup Free E-Newsletters Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters Talkback Trending View All → Survey: Trump Immigration Order Has Backers What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’ Sling TV Expanding Cloud DVR Trial to More OTT Platforms Pursuit Channel Connects with Bounce TV's First Boxing Card Comcast to Launch ‘Xfinity Stream’ App on Feb. 28 Related Stories Mediacom Broadens 1-Gig Reach Jeff Baumgartner - 2/15/2017 09:47:00 AM America/New_York Mediacom Communications said it has launched DOCSIS Comcast to Bow 1-Gig Broadband in Huntsville, Ala. Jeff Baumgartner - 2/14/2017 12:25:00 PM America/New_York Comcast said it plans to launch a DOCSIS 3.1-based AT&T Weaves More Fiber Jeff Baumgartner - 2/14/2017 09:39:00 AM America/New_York AT&T Fiber said its FTTP network and 1 Gbps broadband Subscribe Now Events See All Events → March Multichannel News Wonder Women Luncheon Mar 23, 2017 New York Hilton Midtown 1335 Ave of the Americas,&nbspNew York,&nbspNY 10019 Freeze Frame Freeze Frame -- Feb. 13, 2017 Freeze Frame -- Feb. 6, 2017 Freeze Frame -- Jan. 30, 2017 Freeze Frame -- Jan. 16, 2017 Freeze Frame -- Jan. 9, 2017 Freeze Frame -- Jan. 2, 2017 The Diversity Discussion Freeze Frame -- Dec. 12, 2016 See All → House Members Push Pai On Lifeline Authorizations CBS Interested in Buying Stations If Caps Are Raised Scripps Networks Interactive Boosts Dividend By 20% Time Warner Shareholders Approve AT&T Merger CBS Signs Distribution Deals With Verizon, Meredith Akamai: Rise of IoT Devices Causes Some Security Concerns StreamGuys Talks Up Video Podcasting Neumann Named Media Bureau Chief Engineer Acoustica Debuts Mixcraft 8 Recording and Pro Studio SBE Plans 2017 Leadership Development Course Colin Hanks Directs Documentary About Eagles of Death Metal and the Aftermath of the Paris Terrorist Attacks 'Moonlight' Editors on How They Worked on Creating a Film Centered on Performances and Observations Roman Coppola Directs Carley Rae Jepsen and Little Yachty in Branded Target Music Video Chloe Sevigny Directs Latest Branded Film for Miu Miu Tips for Filming in Slow-Motion Small Cable Ops Have ATSC 3.0 Questions NAB Adds Gustafson, Martinez as VPs of Government Relations NATE Congratulates FCC on Close of Forward Auction 39-Month Repack Clock to Start After March 30 National Geographic Wazee Licensing Portal Goes 4K News Blogs Events Images Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Marketing Services Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Subscribe RSS Feeds All Access Log In Newsletters Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470 News Blogs Events Images Subscribe Other NewBay Media Brands Broadcastingcable.com Twice.com CreativePlanetNetwork TV Technology MORE Copyright 2014 by NewBay Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 28 East 28th Street, 12th floor, New York, NY 10016 T (212) 378-0400 F (212) 378-0470
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Google boss tells 7-year-old to 'follow her dreams' in response to job application Google CEO Sundar Pichai Credit: Getty Images Chiara Palazzo 16 February 2017 • 1:07am A seven-year-old girl from Hereford who asked Google for a job was shocked to receive a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai. The impression of Silicon Valley as the Neverland of corporate life, a place full of office slides and go karts, captured the imagination of Chloe Bridgewater who decided to apply for a job at tech giant Google.  The 7-year-old was delighted to receive a response from Mr Pichai himself, her father Chris said in a post on Linkedin that has gone viral.  The letter sent by Sundar Pichai to Chloe Bridgewater Credit: Andy Bridgewater "I think if you keep working hard and following your dreams, you can accomplish you set your mind to," the Google boss wrote in the letter. "I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school! :)" he wrote in the letter, which was authenticated by Business Insider. Watch | Sundar Pichai’s rise to fame in 90 seconds 01:33 Mr Bridgewater explained that the girl had lost confidence following a car accident a couple of years ago and that the letter delighted her. "She is now even more eager to do well at school and work for Google," wrote Mr Bridgewater in the post. "Can't thank such a busy person enough to take time out to make a little girl's dream become one step closer, although not sure she's fully aware that it'll take more than riding go karts and sleeping in pods to make it with Google!" Inside Google London offices   Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Google Sundar Pichai Show more Technology latest 15 Feb 2017, 5:42pm Amazon drones could parachute packages to people's houses  15 Feb 2017, 5:42pm Amazon Prime revenues hit £5.2bn as online giant publishes details for the first time 15 Feb 2017, 4:25pm Verizon to buy Yahoo for $250m less as deal to go ahead despite data breaches 15 Feb 2017, 3:44pm Self-flying taxi to transport passengers in Dubai 15 Feb 2017, 12:39pm Nioh review - If there's any justice, this samurai marvel will go down as a classic 5 15 Feb 2017, 12:23pm Apple to spend extra cash from Trump tax reforms on shareholders, not US manufacturing 15 Feb 2017, 10:06am Facebook to autoplay sound on videos as users scroll past - how to stop it Gallery 15 Feb 2017, 9:53am Gallery: Retro tech making a comeback: in pictures 01:33 15 Feb 2017, 6:00am Jimmy Wales' career in 90 seconds 14 Feb 2017, 5:22pm Why your phone could prevent you from finding a date this Valentine's Day 00:45 14 Feb 2017, 4:47pm Nokia to bring back historic 3310  Gallery 14 Feb 2017, 3:54pm Gallery: Weird and niche dating apps for the passionate and picky 14 Feb 2017, 2:04pm Tested: The best dating apps for Valentine's Day 14 Feb 2017, 12:13pm iPhone 8 to come with wireless charging, Apple move hints Gallery 14 Feb 2017, 10:50am Gallery: The top 20 Valentine's Day songs on Spotify 14 Feb 2017, 10:42am Senators urge investigation into Donald Trump's reported use of personal 'insecure' Android phone Gallery 14 Feb 2017, 9:29am Gallery: Gaming's 17 greatest love stories 14 Feb 2017, 8:33am PewDiePie: Disney drops YouTube millionaire over anti-Semitic video controversy 14 Feb 2017, 12:01am Lack of cyber skills leaves Britain open to hackers 01:17 13 Feb 2017, 1:43pm China launches 1,000 illuminated drones into night sky in record-breaking display 13 Feb 2017, 10:00am IBM to use Jeopardy! winning machine Watson to fight cyber attacks  If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Take Control Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1356, 13 Feb 17 #1355, 06 Feb 17 #1354, 30 Jan 17 #1353, 23 Jan 17 #1352, 16 Jan 17 #1351, 09 Jan 17 #1350, 02 Jan 17 #1349, 12 Dec 16 #1348, 05 Dec 16 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Squarespace Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the best-selling Take Control ebooks.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Alfred 3.3 TextExpander 6.1.5 Airfoil 5.5.2 CleanMyMac 3.7.2 DEVONthink 2.9.10/DEVONnote 2.9.9 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.4.3 Art Text 3.2 ChronoSync 4.7.3 Safari 10.0.3 iTunes 12.5.5     Related Articles Walmart Pay Is Better Than You Might Expect (18 Jul 16) Authy Protects Your Two-Factor Authentication Tokens (06 Nov 14) Apple Could Make QR Codes Work with a Simple Tweak (02 Jul 12)     Published in TidBITS 1356. Subscribe to our weekly email edition. Introducing the TidBITS Content Network for Apple Consultants Verizon Wireless Brings Back “Unlimited” Data Squarespace Sponsoring TidBITS A Prairie HomeKit Companion: Automating Your Home TidBITS Watchlist: Notable Software Updates for 13 February 2017 ExtraBITS for 13 February 2017     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Home Macs | 13 Feb 2017 | Listen  | Print  | Comment (4) Chrome for iOS Gains QR Code and Barcode Scanning by Adam C. Engst I was playing around on my iPhone the other day and happened to use 3D Touch on the icon for the Google Chrome Web browser. Imagine my surprise when one of the “quick actions” that Chrome presented was Scan QR Code. And indeed, tapping it brought up a QR code scanning screen. It turns out that QR code and barcode scanning are new to version 56 of Chrome for iOS, which Google updated on 1 February 2017. For those who aren’t aware, a QR code uses regions of rectangles within a square to encode data, most commonly a URL to a Web page. QR codes are used in advertising, publishing, product tracking, and other fields where it’s helpful to have a graphical element stand in for a URL that would likely be impossible to remember or difficult to type, as I’ve done in the TCN screenshot below. QR codes are also used to seed two-factor authentication systems (see “Authy Protects Your Two-Factor Authentication Tokens,” 6 November 2014), and some companies even use the technology in payment systems — see “Walmart Pay Is Better Than You Might Expect,” 18 July 2016. Various apps and Web sites can create QR codes for you, and any designer using Adobe InDesign can insert one into a document merely by choosing Object > Generate QR Code. Although QR codes have been around since 1994 and in common use since 2009, they’ve never really taken off. That’s likely because Apple never built a general-purpose QR code scanner into the iPhone’s Camera app. (The Wallet app can scan QR codes, but it only understands QR codes associated with Wallet passes.) Glenn Fleishman bemoaned this lack almost five years ago in “Apple Could Make QR Codes Work with a Simple Tweak” (2 July 2012). With Chrome, scanning a QR code is easy, but you likely wouldn’t figure it out on your own because there is absolutely no indication of the feature within the app itself. Instead, you must either 3D Touch the app (if you have a compatible iPhone) and then tap Scan QR Code or search in Spotlight on “QR” and then tap a Scan QR Code search result. Then, center the QR code you want to scan in the camera’s viewfinder. Chrome scans nearly instantly (so much so that capturing the screenshots was hard), and puts the URL associated with the QR code into the address field so you can preview it — just tap the Go button to load the page. Chrome can also scan traditional barcodes, which it feeds directly into Google’s search engine to find product pages and the like. In the screenshot below, I’ve scanned the barcode on the bottom of my Garmin Forerunner 620 GPS watch box, and Google promptly displayed related information. If you have a dedicated QR code scanning app that you use regularly, you may prefer to stick with it. In particular, I found it clumsy to invoke Chrome’s scanner repeatedly, so a dedicated app may work better in such situations. But if, like me, you have to do a Spotlight search to find your QR code scanner anyway, it’s faster and easier to use Chrome from the Spotlight results screen.   Create a website to showcase your work. Make your next move with a beautiful website and a domain name from Squarespace. Use offer code ‘TIDBITS’ for 10% off your first purchase. Try Squarespace today! <http://bit.ly/2kBCzyH/>   Comments about Chrome for iOS Gains QR Code and Barcode Scanning To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. You no longer need a dedicated app to scan QR codes and barcodes now that the latest version of the Google Chrome Web browser for iOS can perform those tasks. But read on, since you may not guess how to invoke the scanner. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Greg  2017-02-13 21:05 "or search in Spotlight on “QR” and then tap a Scan QR Code search result." Maybe I'm behind on the nomenclature or missed reading something, but if I do a search (in the window that appears if you drag down from the top), iScanner is the only app that shows up. And if I search for Chrome it opens and I don't see how to do scan. I get that I can do a 3D touch, but I have to find Chrome (is there a way to search and go to the app instead of opening it (macOS, show in Finder)? Thanks for the story. I almost never do a QR scan because I never remember how to do it. Reply Adam Engst   2017-02-14 10:22 Hmm, I'm not sure why Spotlight isn't finding it. Try going into Settings > General > Spotlight Search and making sure that Chrome is enabled there. You might also make sure the other switches at the top are on, though they didn't matter in my testing. Reply Anders Borg  2017-02-14 14:06 "they’ve never really taken off" They have industry/logistics-wise, but not for public use. I still try to change that. Can it only be activated via 3D Touch? That's a bummer, and not smart by Google. Reply Adam Engst   2017-02-14 16:10 It's good to hear that QR codes are being used more in the back end of logistics systems. 3D Touch and Spotlight searches are the only way, yes. That's probably fine for casual users, but for anyone doing serious stuff with QR codes, a dedicated app would make more sense. Reply  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The seven year old who asked Google for a job - and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai Chloe Bridgewater wrote Google about her interest in working at the firm She wanted to work at the firm after seeing the  bean-bag chairs and go-karts CEO Sundar Pichai said that he looks 'forward to receiving' her job application By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 19:27 EST, 15 February 2017 | Updated: 19:28 EST, 15 February 2017 e-mail 12k shares 16 View comments Some kids want to be astronauts, firefighters or chefs when they grow up – but one little girl has her sights set on one of the biggest tech companies in the world. Chloe Bridgewater, age 7, sent Google a handwritten letter noting her computer skills and expressing interest in working at a place that provides bean-bag chairs and go-karts for their employees. The 'Google boss', CEO Sundar Pichai, replied telling Chloe that he looks 'forward to receiving' her job application and encouraged the young girl to follow her dreams. Scroll down for video  Chloe Bridgewater, age 7, sent Google a handwritten letter noting her computer skills and expressing interest in working at a place that provides bean-bag chairs and go-karts for their employees Chloe, who lives in Hereford, England, was inspired to write the letter after seeing images of Google offices filled with comfy bean-bags, go-karts and slides. And the original letter was shared with Matt Weinberger of Business Insider by Chloe's father Andy Bridgewater. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next The 'Machete' that could replace the A-10 Warthog: Radical... Can YOU spot Planet 9? NASA launches new website for... Monkeys and dogs BOTH judge humans on how they treat others... Life in Earth's oceans bounced back far more quickly than... Share this article Share 12k shares In Chloe's letter, she tells Pichai, who she deems 'Google boss', that she enjoys using computers and plays a game on her tablet where she 'moves a robot up and down'. She also explained that her dad said if she continues being a good student and get goo grades she will one day have a job at Google – Chloe also noted that she wants to work in a chocolate factory and be an Olympic swimmer. PERKS FOR GOOGLE EMPLOYEES The free food and drinks: Employees have access to a coffee bar with a full-time barista that can make pretty much about any drink you can think of. There are more than 25 cafes to choose from when it comes to lunch and breakfast. And there are microkitchens spread out among the camps so employees can grabs food and drinks whenever they want. Maternity/paternity leave: The tech giant gives new dads six weeks paid leave and moms can take up to 18 weeks off after their child is born. Although employees are not working, their stocks keep vesting and the still get their bonuses. Google also awards new parents with ‘baby bonding bucks’, which helps with expenses such as diapers, food and other necessities. Living in the future: Employees can get their hands on cutting-edge products that are not year released to the public. Some employees have used devices, such as phones, tablets and Chromebooks, before they were released on the market. This not only gives people a try at the devices, but lets them give feedback to make them better. Taking your dog to work: Google doesn’t mind if you bring your pooch to the Mountain View Headquarters. Martial art classes: The tech company provided a fourth degree black belt instructor and a Muay Thai instructor to teach employees martial arts at the office. ' Source: Quora  Chloe (left) explained that her dad, Andrew Bridgewater (right), said if she continues being a good student and get goo grades she will one day have a job at Google The Bridgewater's received a response from Pichai earlier this month encouraging the little girl to keep working hard and follow her dreams. 'I'm glad that you like computers and robots, and hope that you continue to learn about technology,' the Google CEO wrote. 'I think if you keep working hard and following your dreams, you can accomplish everything you set your mind to – from working at Google to swimming in the Olympics. 'I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school'. Andy shared the letter on his LinkedIn stating his daughter was 'knocked down' by a car a few years back and the letter had a great impact on her. 'She lost a great deal of confidence after being knocked down by a car a couple of years ago,' he shared in a LinkedIn post. 'However, to say she is delighted after receiving this letter signed by Sundar Pichai himself is an understatement.' The Bridgewater's received a response from Pichai earlier this month encouraging the little girl to keep working hard and follow her dreams. 'I'm glad that you like computers and robots, and hope that you continue to learn about technology,' the Google CEO wrote 'She is now even more eager to do well at school and work for Google.' 'Can't thank such a busy person enough to take time out to make a little girl's dream become one step closer, although not sure she's fully aware that it'll take more than riding go karts and sleeping in pods to make it with Google!'    Read more: Google CEO Sundar Pichai responds to job application from 7-year-old girl - Business Insider What is the best Google employee perk, and why? - Quora Share or comment on this article e-mail 12k shares Most watched News videos Moment ISIS suicide attacker detonates bomb near Syrian rebels Dog CRIES after being told off for chewing sofa into pieces Redback spider catches brown snake in it's web and attacks it Terrifying moment deadly Chicago ambush captured on Facebook live Shocking moment a model poses on the ledge of very tall skyscraper Social Experiment: Would you breastfeed a stranger's baby? Final moments of radio broadcast before Dominican Rep DJ shot dead CCTV shows Kim Jong Un's 'female assassin' sent to kill half-brother Deputy Cody Williams and young boy in adorable dance-off Donald and Melania welcome Israeli PM and wife at White House ISIS video of boys from Yazidi area of Iraq 'on suicide mission' Brutal moment James Arthur is smashed in the head by thug Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer:... Melania goes to Washington: First Lady wears a stunning... Make-up artist, 22, and her boyfriend, 22, agree that SHE... Assassin in a mini skirt? How the chillingly audacious... Motorist is branded a hero by other drivers after parking... Murder squad close a city centre McDonald's as boy, 17,... Model of stupidity! Stunning Russian Instagram queen... Tree surgeon father-of-one, 31, dies when his CHAINSAW... A 'criminal' attack on 'a wonderful man': Trump ramps up... Group of strictly Orthodox Jewish men cause 'absolute... Moment two-year-old boy was shot dead on Facebook Live:... Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour: Her... 'One day, Leny kissed me': Amanda Knox opens up about... Harrison Ford is spotted for the first time returning to... Ex-NHL star Mike Comrie who was married to Hilary Duff is... Redback v snake: Extraordinary moment a spider takes on a... Mother of murdered schoolgirl Billie-Jo Jenkins calls for... Trump's Labor pick Andrew Puzder officially withdraws his... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments (16) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read A massive lake of molten carbon the size of Mexico is discovered under the US, and it could cause climate... The world could be WIPED OUT by a 'doomsday asteroid' if governments do not spend 'hundreds of millions'... 400-year-old temple is revealed after decades underwater as drought drains the Mexican lake which flooded... Brightly-lit orange UFO filmed hovering over French coastal town baffles residents 'How did people live like this?' Children left baffled when presented with gadgets of the past - including a... Mental tricks that'll really make you nod off, why popping pills won't help and how you can stop snoring... Why Kate was destined to outshine Pippa: We all know first borns are high achievers but now there's... Russian billionaire's mammoth £360 million 'Sailing Yacht A' superyacht with masts taller than Big Ben... Yosemite National Park's stunning 'firefall' doesn't disappoint as perfect conditions make waterfall glow... How SELFIES are driving plastic surgery boom among Millennials seeking a 'natural filter'  Redback v snake: Extraordinary moment a spider takes on a brown serpent caught in its web - but who wins? Could Donald Trump send man back to the moon? NASA staff told to accelerate plans for first manned mission... Can YOU spot Planet 9? NASA launches new website for 'armchair astronomers' to sift through telescope data Mini 'trouser airlock' wins $30,000 NASA 'space poop' challenge to design a new way for astronauts to... Tesla boss Elon Musk backs a 'basic income' for everyone because robots will take away our jobs leaving us... MORE HEADLINES A massive lake of molten carbon the size of Mexico is discovered under the US, and it could cause climate CHAOS The seven year old who asked Google for a job - and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai Don't panic! Earth's protective shield WON'T vanish: Minerals in Iron Age clay jars suggest the magnetic field has always fluctuated The world could be WIPED OUT by a 'doomsday asteroid' if governments do not spend 'hundreds of millions' each year on defence, top astrophysicist warns  The 'Machete' that could replace the A-10 Warthog: Radical lightweight metal foam attack plane with a PROPELLER Could Donald Trump send man back to the moon? NASA staff told to accelerate plans for first manned mission of new Orion capsule - the first time humans have left low orbit since 1972 Battle of the beasties: Horrifying footage shows a huge wasp drag a paralysed wolf spider to its death Is YOUR boss tracking you? Firms are installing creepy hidden sensors to monitor your every move around the office Will the UAE be the first to set up a CITY on Mars? Stunning images reveal plans for a colony on the red planet by 2117 Rare spearhead and sword are among the stunning Bronze Age treasures dug up at a Scottish building site in a 'find of a lifetime' Airbus and Oracle unveil the 'flying yacht' set to try and retain America's Cup for the US Mini 'trouser airlock' wins $30,000 NASA 'space poop' challenge to design a new way for astronauts to relieve themselves in orbit Catastrophic drought in Syria created the 'perfect storm' for political turmoil - and minerals in ancient caves suggest the worst is yet to come Lift off! India successfully launches 104 satellites from a single rocket - almost TRIPLE the previous record set by Russia The robot bee that could pollinate the Earth's plants: Student designs drone that mimics cross-pollination process MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'She got very offended': Regis Philbin reveals Kelly Ripa took his departure personally and explains they do not 'really' stay in contact Fractured friendship  'So proud of my baby!' Kim Kardashian heaps praise on Kanye West as they head out after his 'amazing' New York Fashion Week show Season five collection Silver siren! Gwen Stefani stuns in metallic mini dress with matching glittered shoes for appearance on The Tonight Show Looked sensational Bodacious in blue! Mariah Carey shows off curves in skintight mini dress as she arrives for first performance since NYE debacle Hoping  LA is kinder  Mariah Carey makes triumphant return to real-time TV on Jimmy Kimmel Live after NYE Times Square debacle  A passionate performance  Sheer delight! Christie Brinkley wears VERY thin sweater while out with daughters in NYC The 63-year-old siren was out with her girls in the Big Apple  Date night! Mariah Carey and Bryan Tanaka grab sushi before heading to Lakers game... after she debuts new single on Jimmy Kimmel Live Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie pictured out in LA for the first time since former NHL star was accused of 'raping a woman at his home' Brooke Burke-Charvet, 45, shows off her super-fit physique in a bandeau bikini as she shares a steamy kiss with husband David in St. Barts Still strutting! Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid walk in their third NYFW show in one day as they join Taylor Hill on the Ralph Lauren catwalk  Keeping busy  Holding down the homefront! Kourtney Kardashian takes children out on the West Coast as brother-in-law Kanye West debuts new collection 'Those sleepless nights!': Matt Damon jokes about George Clooney's delayed start and becoming an old dad at 55 'A little shot of fireball gets a girl going!': RHOBH star Erika Jayne, 45, shows off fit figure in blue lingerie for very racy XXPEN$IVE  music video '1D fandom will kill you!': Bella Thorne receives death threats from One Direction fans after commenting on Louis Tomlinson's photo 'It hasn't been the right timing for me': Emotional Heidi Montag on pregnancy hopes as she congratulates The Hills co-stars on their baby news Fifty Shades Darker tops the Valentine's Day box office as R-rated erotic sequel earns $11 million  Film fans were in the mood for love Helen Mirren oozes sophistication in power suit and red lace camisole as she attends The Great Wall premiere with husband Taylor Hackford From crop tops to cocktail frocks! Coco Rocha goes to two shows back-to-back and manages to make a full outfit change with minutes to spare  Top of the crops! Gorgeous Martha Hunt flashes cleavage and toned tummy at Michael Kors NYFW show Kept up with appearances A model family! Teresa Giudice's daughter Milania, 11, walks the runway at Rookies New York Fashion Week show 'What is your intention with her?': Corrine's nanny grills Nick Viall in teaser for Bachelor hometown dates episode More drama Catherine Zeta-Jones turns on the glamour as she heads to LAX with Michael Douglas and their teenage daughter Carys Always chic Damian Lewis reveals spouse Helen McCrory is worried their children will speak with American accents... as he discusses the stress of doing TV dramas So in love! Matt Damon looks besotted with wife Luciana Barroso as he takes her to The Great Wall premiere in LA One of the luckiest men around Braless Paris Jackson shows off nipple rings as she enjoys girl's day out in LA before an altercation at a gas station Loving the single life  Leona Lewis dresses to impress in a striking scarlet dress and zany fur coat as she mingles with the fashion pack at Marc Jacobs beauty event in NYC  Ashley Greene looks elegant in flowing split dress at Hollywood premiere of In Dubious Battle  Stole the show in her super chic dress George Clooney, 55, is 'excited but nervous' about having twins with wife Amal Clooney, 39  Like any first-time parent, George Clooney is understandably anxious  Back again! Ashley Graham shows off her incredible curves in tiny bikinis as she returns to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Slinky swimwear  Date night! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend glam up for another evening out together after Valentine's Day Time to hit the town again Mel Gibson in talks to direct Suicide Squad sequel as Oscar nominee continues to enjoy career renaissance Like mother like daughter! Cindy Crawford and Kaia Gerber look supermodel chic as they get ready for NYFW Left The Mercer Hotel Model family! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber upstaged by kids Kaia and Presley at NYC Marc Jacobs event Teen daughter was the center of attention  Starting to show! Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid proudly displays growing baby bump in white crop top for mirror selfie Proud mother  They believe in Yeezy! Kylie Jenner wraps up as she takes Tyga to Kanye West's NYFW show Pier 59 Studios played host to Kanye Ivanka joins Melania and Sara Netanyahu for press conference but leaves them alone to visit new Smithsonian African American history museum   Katherine Heigl shows off newborn son Joshua Jr as she reveals John Mayer helped husband Josh Kelley get serious about their relationship The blonde actress, 38 She's no shrinking violet! Kim Kardashian forgoes her bra in sheer purple outfit at Kanye's Yeezy Season 5 show in New York It's a big day for Kimye A model metabolism! Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner grab greasy McDonald's as they head to another NYFW show Her biggest fans! Charlotte McKinney flashes some skin as she celebrates her Ocean Drive cover with her parents in Miami Looking stunning  'We should have bashed each other!' Trainspotting's Danny Boyle says he and Ewan McGregor would have settled their feud earlier if they'd had a punch up Baby's first catwalk! Coco Austin and Ice-T help adorable daughter Chanel walk the runway at Rookie USA NY Fashion Week show Coordinated their looks Harrison Ford is seen for the first time returning to the airport where he nearly flew INTO a Boeing 737 as FAA say the investiation will be delayed  Singer Boy George reveals he was having a drug-induced 'psychotic episode' when he kept a male escort prisoner in his London flat 'I was nervous about the fans': Bella Heathcote feared public reaction to her role as Christian Grey's ex in Fifty Shades Darker 'She's a remarkable broadcaster and a real force': Matt Lauer heaps praise on NBC hire Megyn Kelly in rare interview but goes quiet about Ann Curry Legs for days! Cameron Diaz shows off pencil thin stems in skintight jeans while out in Beverly Hills Out and about looking smart casual  Jessica Biel stuns in classy black lace dress as she sits front row at the Ralph Lauren NYFW show The actress stole the show  Justin Bieber 'named as suspect in assault investigation'... after video surfaced of him fighting man twice his size Things got out of hand Brooke Shields, 51, shows off youthful glow and flawless complexion while taking in an off-Broadway show in NYC Still rocks the red carpet Nick Cannon was 'shaken to his core' over treatment by NBC after race gag lead to him quitting America's Got Talent 'Punished for a joke' 'I've not seen my sister in EIGHT years': Mel B's estranged sibling Danielle Brown shoots down reports of a family reunion as long-running feud continues Magnificent Melania:  First Lady wears stunning skirt suit in her first official appearance at White House since Trump was sworn in as president 'Happy mom, happy life!': Mila Kunis wears statement top in LA as it's revealed she 'made out with' Ashton Kutcher during recent date night Showed off her locks  Sheer-ly amazing! Mandy Moore flashes her bra in Victorian-inspired lace at the Marchesa show during NYFW Mixed vintage  Porsche employee accused of joking about the crash that killed Paul Walker because it boosted the value of other 'rare' Carrera GTs cars Heavenly! Olivia Culpo stands out in frilly ruched frock as she sits front row at Marchesa's NYFW runway show Wore a white ruched dress 'How cute!' Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid deliver McDonald's feast to sister Kim Kardashian after Kanye's Yeezy 5 show Treats for everyone  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson NEVER had a brain tumour despite claiming she did her sister reveals as friends say the It Girl made it up 'as a cry for help' A stressed-looking Kanye West heads to Yeezy Season Five presentation at New York Fashion Week... following 'disastrous' show last fall Kendall Jenner didn't make Kanye's Yeezy 5 show because she was busy walking the runway for Anna Sui with pals Gigi and Bella Hadid Stunning as always  Tennis star Eugenie Bouchard holds up her end of Super Bowl bet with the random fan who asked her for a date on Twitter if the Patriots won  Kylie Jenner arrives LATE to Kanye's latest New York Fashion Week Yeezy 5 show as Khloe, Kourtney, Kendall and even Kris Jenner are absent Patience! The REAL reason Guns N' Roses kept fans waiting at Melbourne gig - as Axl Rose's band mates begged him to hurry up Notorious hellraiser  Bootylicious! Jennifer Lopez posts very cheeky Valentine's day snap in a sexy red clinging two-piece Gave her 58.7m followers a treat  Breathing in Morocco! Shanina Shaik smokes hookah and visits souk during exotic high fashion shoot in Marrakesh In-demand model  Lady Gaga 'gave her engagement ring back to Taylor Kinney' before going public with new beau Christian Carino Two broke off their engagement in July Hilary Duff and new beau Matthew Koma celebrated V-Day in Costa Rica... as her ex faces rape charges Stayed at the lavish Four Seasons resort  Susan Sarandon among the celebs enjoying S&M-themed cabaret at risque New York nightclub The Box - as Pussy Riot yell 'f**k Trump, f**k Putin'  Publisher claims he has 75,000 word manuscript of Mick Jagger's autobiography written during the 1980s... but he doesn't remember writing it! New 'do! Lea Michele shows off sleek shorter hair while out and about in LA after debuting it at Grammys Looked on good form with her new hairstyle 'Lies! Lies!': Jessica Biel is shocked to hear about ancestors as she and Courteney Cox explore roots on Who Do You Think You Are? Fascinating revelations   Katherine Heigl looks slim in white blouse and jeans two months after welcoming son Joshua Jr.  Was on The Late Late Show earlier in the week Kate Upton keeps her voluptuous figure under wraps with a heavy coat as she plugs her latest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Wowed on the street 'They walked in while I was pushing!': Jessa Duggar reveals her second home birth was so quick her mother and sister almost missed it happening Pregnant Natalie Portman looks ready to pop as she goes for a hike with mother Shelley in Los Feliz It'll be a second child for the 35-year-old actress Specs appeal! Nicole Kidman rocks eyeglasses as she bundles up in puffer jacket on NYC set of Untouchable with Bryan Cranston Rolling in the dough! Adele earned more than $620k EACH NIGHT on her hugely successful Live tour last year  The Hello star is having another fine year  Tamron Hall back at work shooting new season of Deadline Crime after hitting up the Super Bowl and Grammys after vacation following NBC exit 'I had $40 and an address!' Nina Agdal reveals she came to America with nothing but a modeling dream just six years ago Victoria's Secret star Strip club being sued by Joanna Krupa for using her picture in ads without permission hits back claiming she's too 'pretty' to work there Club is the Pink Pony 'Never a rivalry like theirs': Susan Sarandon and Jessica Lange get their claws out as Bette Davis and Joan Crawford in new trailer for FX's Feud Wonderful in winter white! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned legs as she heads to Kanye West's Yeezy 5 show Best friends with Kendall Jenner for two years 'I'm even excited about being tired': Mahershala Ali scores THR cover and Oscar nominee discusses childhood 'melancholy' and pending fatherhood Hollywood activist Shailene Woodley talks about 'inspiring' meeting with Malia Obama during a Dakota pipeline protest Standing up for her belief No jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio looks bright as she bares her toned tummy in a crop top at Sao Paulo airport She proved she can look good anywhere, anytime Social butterfly! Paris Hilton spring-time ready in a garden print dress at the Vivienne Tam show during NYFW Was ready for spring on in New York 'Yet another breathtaking view': Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon explore New Zealand in between filming scenes for new Disney movie She's 58, with four children already - one of whom she's lost custody of - so why WAS Madonna allowed to adopt these twins? Growing family  'They are at it again!': Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna have ANOTHER major fight as rumors of their split continue All is not well  Soldiering on! Kanye West turns out a camouflage-packed runway for Yeezy Season 5 at his first NYFW show since his breakdown She sure shakes it up! Bella Thorne is spotted grabbing a healthy lunch with a mystery man in LA after being linked to Sam Pepper The Shake It Up! actress  What is her recipe? Domestic goddess Nigella Lawson, 57, looks remarkably wrinkle-free as she steps out in style for a night of revelry Quick change artist: Blake Lively switches up her style for second show during New York Fashion Week Went from flirty in floral to black and white Breaking boundaries! Hijab-wearing model makes her runway debut at Kanye West's Yeezy Season 5 show during New York Fashion Week  Courtney Stodden forgets about her broken marriage as she celebrates Valentine's Day with Heather Locklear's plastic surgeon ex Marc Mani EXCLUSIVE: Star Trek actor William Shatner goes boldly into court demanding that a $170 million lawsuit by Florida radio DJ claiming to be his son be thrown out Family affair! Lucky Blue Smith and his three stunning sisters star in new H&M Coachella campaign playing as their band The Atomics Model plays drums 'Curvy' model Hunter McGrady dedicates her nude Sports Illustrated spread to 'every woman who has ever felt uncomfortable in her body' Critics demand Khloe Kardashian's Protein World Tube advert is scrapped by London subway system for 'body shaming' young women  Hugh Jackman evacuated from the set of The Greatest Showman after fire breaks out Was shooting the final scene of the new film i 'Love of my life!': Rosario Dawson and comedian Eric Andre reveal they are dating in a series of sweet snaps on Valentine's Day She's 37, he's 33 'You have to f***ing watch it': Lena Dunham understands why Taylor Swift did not speak up during election The 30-year-old Girls star stood up for her pal  Revlon ambassador Gwen Stefani talks about 'choosing love' with Blake Shelton but says she spent Valentine's Day alone The blonde singer Giving us the shoulder! Orange Is The New Black star Laverne Cox dazzles in sexy black dress as she talks new CBS show Doubt Looked very chic  Clothing optional! Nicki Minaj poses topless on a bed as she jokes about her stripper past in latest naughty Instagram post The 34-year-old singer Gigi to the rescue! Hadid the model citizen lends a hand after woman is knocked over on New York sidewalk Helped disentangle a sidewalk pileup  Kesha submits damning emails in court case against 'abuser' Dr. Luke who slammed her for drinking Diet Coke and called her a 'fat f**king refrigerator' 'I'm open!' Susan Sarandon, 70, declares herself BISEXUAL as she reveals she would date a woman The Thelma & Louise star talked candidly  All caught up! As fishnets become a staple on the runway and with stars like Kylie Jenner, FEMAIL reveals how to pull off the sexy knit in real life Matt Damon reveals it took 12 hours and 700 extensions to get his long man bun for The Great Wall movie role The 46-year-old says his kids  'loved' the look Hilary Duff's ex-husband, former NHL star Mike Comrie is investigated by police for 'raping a woman at his condo in West Los Angeles' Seven Year Switch husband storms away from his angry wife after she watches footage of him telling experimental spouse that he is ATTRACTED to her 'Life is about to get crazy!': Country star Thomas Rhett discovers wife is pregnant just as they adopt African baby Revealed shock news on social media Bethenny Frankel spends Valentine's Day with new man after revealing she's not serious with Dennis Shields... and still needs to 'heal' after divorce Still feeling the love! Denzel Washington and wife of 33 years Pauletta have a ball at Los Angeles Lakers basketball game on Valentine's Day Look away Keith! Nicole Kidman wraps her arms around Moonlight star Mahershala Ali as she talks first kiss in W magazine John McCain gets Punk'd! Ashton Kutcher blows senator a KISS during Foreign Relations hearing as they give Obama and Biden a run for bromance money Sofia Richie flashes her derriere in white thong bodysuit as she teases Kanye West's Yeezy 5 runway show The 18-year-old teased her Instagram followers  'Your girl fell in love with me': The Weeknd taunts Justin Bieber in new song as he continues to romance the Sorry singer's ex Selena Gomez Karlie Kloss apologizes after backlash over 'culturally insensitive' Geisha-themed photo shoot in Vogue's issue that was meant to celebrate diversity Models off duty! As NYFW comes to an end, FEMAIL highlights the most enviable street style outfits of Hailey Baldwin, Bella Hadid and more EXCLUSIVE: 'Catwoman' Jocelyn Wildenstein stumbled heading to court where assault charges are dropped over brawl with boyfriend Lloyd Klein 'I have the utmost respect for her': Carlos Santana APOLOGIZES after claiming Beyonce is 'beautiful to look at but not a singer' U-turn on his comments Sienna Miller flashes her bra in sheer top as she helps launch clothes designer sister Savannah's bridal collection The 35-year-old actress  EXCLUSIVE: Never-before-seen pictures of secretly pregnant Marilyn Monroe, who confided Yves Montand was baby's father - not husband Arthur Miller Jennifer Lopez, Rachel McAdams, and David Beckham star in stunning pictures for photographer Marc Hom's portrait book The A-list lensman  'No-one is safe!' Internet goes wild for memes of celebrities from Ivanka Trump to Emma Watson gazing longingly at  Justin Trudeau Sylvester Stallone's model daughter Sistine, 18, makes an elegant statement in a little navy dress as she attends Michael Kors' runway show at NYFW Naked ambition! Gigi Hadid's younger sister Bella strips off her clothes to flash her chest in V Magazine after taking NYFW by storm Charli XCX flashes her cleavage and abs in sheer crop top emblazoned with the words 'Sex Symbol' as she makes head-turning arrival at NME Awards Red hot Selena Gomez showcases her incredibly toned legs and sculpted physique in sexy high-slit dress The 24-year-old looked stunning in NYC 'I'm not a size two but I'm strong!': Serena Williams strips off her tennis skirt to look sensational in Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue Actress Celia Imrie reveals she was celebrating Bastille Day in Nice during last year's terrorist attack that left 84 dead, adding 'it was a miracle I survived'  'It's important for my daughters to know that it's not real life.': Blake Lively says having little girls changed her view of how beauty is portrayed in the media Bella Hadid dons lace bodysuit for Valentine's Day pizza dinner with Kaia and Presley Gerber in New York The friends made quite the stylish group  Looking good at 70! Rocky star Sylvester Stallone gets his enviably thick locks styled at salon... after 'brutal' Pilates session with daughter Recording Academy boss Neil Portnow says Grammys don't have 'race problem' and claims Kanye skipped show due to 'medical concerns' Braless Emily Ratajkowski shows off her perky assets and enviable abs in crop top with sexy secretary style skirt at Michael Kors NYFW show   'Sassy!': Blac Chyna sizzles in sheer red dress which leaves little to the imagination in racy Instagram snap Rob Kardashian's 28-year-old fiancée  'I was just so thrilled!' Transgender teen responds to Laverne Cox mentioning his upcoming Supreme Court bathroom policy case at Grammys  Cops illegally searched the home of Sandra Bullock's stalker and now prosecutors won't be able to use guns seized at the house during trial 'I owe him everything!': Blake Lively looks flirty in floral as she praises Michael Kors while cheering on his fashion show with Anna Wintour Sat front and center Feeling blue? Singer Louisa Johnson shows off her new electric hair colour as she's unveiled as the face of L'Oreal's Colorista... in a VERY skimpy ensemble Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber keep the romance alive with sweet Valentine's Day date in NYC after nearly 20 years of marriage That's one supportive wife! Kim Kardashian post image where she's beaming at Kanye West hours before his Yeezy 5 show The look of love One last workout! Kim Kardashian hits the gym ahead of husband Kanye West's comeback show at New York Fashion Week  Keeping body in shape Kendall Jenner flaunts her figure in quirky black tasseled dress as she storms the runway with Bella Hadid and Ashley Graham at Michael Kors' NYFW show Not runway ready! Model Sara Sampaio is makeup-free and wearing a dazzling blue coat as she heads to a show for New York Fashion Week They could be sisters! Kate Upton, 24, joins forces with Christie Brinkley, 63, to plug Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue on Today The blonde bombshells 'I went through every phase - too skinny, too fat!': Christie Brinkley, 63, appears on Today with daughters to talk body image Beauty battled haters Liv Tyler wraps up warm in a chic navy coat as she goes arm-in-arm with her fiancé Dave Gardner in Paris The 39-year-old Hollywood actress Her crown jewels! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks regally racy as she flaunts her ample chest in VERY revealing gown on the set of The Royals Puppy love!  Dancing With the Stars' Julianne Hough takes her pooch along as she goes for a hike with her mom in Los Angeles Showed off her legs 'Classy way to put someone in their place!' Britney's fans go wild as she 'throws shade' at Katy Perry with Bible verse after singer's 'shaved head' comment  Mika's moving on: Morning Joe co-host puts her New York mansion on sale for $2million after divorcing her husband after 22 years of marriage 'People push me into a corner... I'm no expert': Emma Watson reveals she fell into a 'sulk' after feminism backlash... and even struggled to get out of bed Victoria's Secret model Josephine Skriver flaunts her impeccably toned abs and eye-popping cleavage in sizzling swimwear campaign Charm runs in the family! Pierce Brosnan's model son Dylan, 20  treats his pretty girlfriend to a romantic dinner date  Singing Out Loud! Ed Sheeran leaves his CUTEST fan speechless after sneaking up behind him as he serenades Ellen DeGeneres with his song The Duchess of Cambridge's facialist reveals unlikely secrets behind Kate's red carpet glow - including chocolate spread and porridge oats 'Who thought a sociopath could be so popular?' Benedict Cumberbatch reveals his delight as Sherlock is voted the world's favorite BBC character  Tara Palmer-Tomkinson died of a perforated ulcer: Devastated sister reveals did NOT have a brain tumor and 'had plans' for future Fresh as a daisy! Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, flaunts her tiny waist in a floral dress as she joins glam co-star Susan Sarandon, 70, at Feud event in NYC 'I'm always looking for ways to help': Paris Hilton donates 50 items including a snowboard for auction benefiting two children's charities The blonde socialite 'Stronger than ever': Larsa and Scottie Pippen pose in Valentine's Day family shot after 'halting divorce proceedings'  Trying to work it out  Showing her stripes! Queen Letizia of Spain looks demure in a ballet-length skirt and chic pinstripe blouse as she welcomes guests at her Madrid palace Naomi Watts goes NAKED to play widowed child psychologist in creepy thriller Shut In... and becomes convinced a ghost has taken over her house Model Winnie Harlow debuts new perm as she puts on a daring display in a racy bandeau co-ord set at fashion party in New York Former ANTM contestant 'Love and peace to everyone!' Jonathan Rhys Meyers and fiancée Mara Lane share FIRST image of baby son Wolf... two months after home birth Third time's a charm! Bombshell Kate Upton poses topless on cover of 2017 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue after claims of 'diva' behavior 'I don't remember this': Lisa Rinna claims memory lapse when confronted by Kyle Richards in Mexico on RHOBH The 53-year-old sobbed  Ashley Graham shares nude snap from her Lane Bryan Collection photo shoot  The 28-year-old is seen posing with her hands covering her breasts  'Don't bother with the first episode as I'm not in it': Charlie Higson confirms season three of Broadchurch will return to TV screens later this month  He's behind you! Prince Charles accidentally photobombs rock band Kasabian's guitarist on a visit to a country pub in western England The 68-year-old royal Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary pokes fun at the couple's 18 year age gap during romantic  getaway amid bitter custody row  Is that you Pansy Parkinson? Harry Potter actress Scarlett Byrne poses for Playboy magazine as she declares 'naked is normal' Ruffling feathers? Make-up free Billie Piper opts for a low-key look as she faces off against a swan The 34-year-old actress was out with her son Fancy seeing you here! Guns N' Roses drummer Frank Ferrer takes part in an impromptu jam session at Brisbane bar with locals unaware of his fame Kendall Jenner is the picture of glamour in chic suit and fur coat as she gets a new piercing at jewelry store in New York City after TV appearance 'Rest in peace, my love': Ricki Lake takes to Instagram to announce death of ex-husband Christian Evans He had bipolar disorder Thousands of floral tributes left in honor of George Michael outside his London home are cleared away in trash bags seven weeks after the singer's death She's hot for romance! Ariel Winter dares to bare on with two racy ensembles and a provocative Instagram post The 19-year-old actress TV cook Prue Leith CONFIRMS she's up for Mary Berry's job on The Great British Bake Off... as it's revealed she had 13-year affair with hubby of mom's best friend Cheeky! Paris Hilton leaves little to the imagination in silver panel dress with completely sheer sides at The Blonds NYFW runway show 'She wasn't interested': Emma Watson accused of 'diva behavior' after arriving at ELLE Style Awards 90 minutes late and snubbing the red carpet Madonna's fans are left feeling scared after 'sick' star posts 'evil looking' video of herself singing Valentine's song while recuperating in bed in her nightgown 'Bubbles!' Mariah Carey enjoys a sexy Valentine's Day dip in the hot tub with beau Bryan Tanaka Flaunted her romance with her younger hunk Chrissy Teigen shows off some major cleavage in a tiny lace bralet and smart suit as she joins husband John Legend for Valentine's date night Together for seven years  Babysitting A team! Kourtney Kardashian and Kris Jenner take North shopping while Kim and Kanye are in New York for Fashion Week Bound 2 look sexy on Valentine's Day! Kim Kardashian puts on a busty display for romantic meal with Kanye West at NYC's Carbone restaurant 'Do I look like I wait?' Erika Girardi endorses sex on the first date during Valentine's Day appearance on Watch What Happens Live The 45-year-old star  Demi Lovato sizzles in cleavage-baring catsuit and gold dress in racy Snapchats Singer performed in two alluring outfits which she shared on Snapchat  Serena Williams loves her quirky Valentine's Day gift from 'techie' fiancé Alexis Ohanian The Reddit co-founder chose some unusual for the tennis legend That's a wrap! Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon and Mindy Kaling film upcoming Disney movie A Wrinkle In Time in New Zealand Picturesque backdrop 'What the f***!' Kim Zolciack grabs a handful of husband Kroy's crotch in front of teen daughter Brielle Real Housewife couldn't hide her affection Beautiful in blue! Shailene Woodley looks stunning in a sheer dress on Late Night With Seth Meyers The 25-year-old former child star What's new pussycat? Tom's dating Priscilla! As ALISON BOSHOFF reveals, from paternity suits to plastic surgery, they share more than a love of Elvis  It's a girl! Supergirl star Laura Benanti welcomes first child with husband Patrick Brown on Valentine's Day Named her Ella Rose REIDy to party! Tara looks a little bleary-eyed as she hits Tape nightclub with a gal pal after attending Drake's London gig The 41-year-old actress Nicole Murphy, 49, shows taut tummy in cropped T-shirt while picking up pet supplies with cute dog in Beverly Hills Eddie Murphy's model ex 'Classy and fabulous!' Kendall Jenner is the quintessential Chanel girl as she wears a striking ensemble from the fashion house on the Tonight Show Makeup-free Rita Ora shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure on Valentine's Day The America's Next Top Model host Tender moments! Gigi Hadid posts intimate photo with Zayn Malik announcing the two celebrate Valentine's Day 'everyday'  Displayed her devotion  Who wore it best? Miley Cyrus shares hilarious photoshopped picture of her and fiance Liam Hemsworth wearing the same dress on Valentine's Day 'It was f***ing terrifying!' Drew Barrymore 'almost died' suffering concussion during stunt for zombie series Santa Clarita Diet Suffered a head injury From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story New study reveals 30 foot high 'megawaves' are more common than thought - and could soon put coastal towns at risk 6 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Google Fiber names new boss, sheds staff – USA TODAY Posted on February 15, 2017 by USA TODAY SAN FRANCISCO — Google Access, the Alphabet subsidiary that oversees Google Fiber, has a new boss: Broadband executive Gregory McCray. The top job at Google Access has been vacant since October when Craig Barratt abruptly announced his … Google Fiber Sheds Workers As It Looks to a Wireless FutureWIRED Alphabet’s Access Division Hires Greg McCray As CEOAndroid Headlines Alphabet Taps McCray to Lead Access Unit, Including FiberBloomberg Business Insider -AL.com -Nashville Business Journal -9to5Google all 14 news articles …read more wrote 26746 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News 7-year-old asks for Google job, Sundar Pichai tells her to finish school – India Today LG teases the G6’s UX 6.0: Multi-window support, squares, and rounded corners – Android Police Amazon Wants To Help Make Your Home Smart – Forbes India’s Tata Motors, Microsoft ink technology collaboration deal – Reuters Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet – TechCrunch Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
News Sports Business Food Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Technology February 15, 2017 6:04 PM Google Fiber touts Kansas City presence amid speculation about company sale Google Fiber started selling service in Kansas City in late 2012. The division of Alphabet has hired a new CEO, Gregory McCray, even as it shifted headquarters employees to other areas and some have speculated it might sell off the internet service division. File photo by John Sleezer jsleezer@kcstar.com i By Scott Canon scanon@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Google Fiber has a new boss, fewer headquarters employees and a future that’s becoming harder to predict. The company aimed to reassure customers Wednesday in its first-ever market that the TV subscriptions and internet connections it sells won’t be going away. “Google Fiber loves Kansas City and is here to stay,” the company said in an email. “We just announced our expansion into Raymore last week.” The statement comes after Access, the company division that includes Google Fiber, hired Gregory McCray to oversee the sale of internet service in markets such as Kansas City and the company’s exploration into other ways to deliver online connections besides fiber optic cables. McCray is the former CEO of broadband service company Aero Communications. “Google Fiber has been instrumental making the Web faster and better for everyone — something I’ve been passionate about my entire career,” McCray said in a statement issued Wednesday by the company. His hiring, first reported by Business Insider, fills a vacancy that had been open for months after Craig Barratt left the company. Barratt’s departure is one of a handful of signs that’s had analysts wondering if Google will stay in the business of selling broadband. Reports in The Information, Fortune and other publications in the tech trade press have explored the likelihood of whether Alphabet — the parent company to Google’s search division that has created hundreds of billions in stock value — would sell Google Fiber. A source who asked to be described as “familiar with the matter” said the company has no plans to sell. In an October 2016 earnings call, Alphabet chief financial officer Ruth Porat was asked about the company’s commitment to Google Fiber. “There’s a sizable opportunity given the need for abundant connectivity … and we do continue to be committed to that vision,” she said. Analysts see a sale as at least plausible. Google Fiber was created, executives said when it launched the project in Kansas City almost six years ago, to make much faster internet available to home consumers. That’s happened. Most dramatically in markets such as Kansas City where Google Fiber built networks, consumer internet connections rocketed to speeds previously available only to large businesses and institutions like hospitals and universities. Average home internet speeds in the country ran about 5 megabits per second when Google Fiber said in 2011 it would build in Kansas City. Now the company sells internet hookups in nine markets. Its internet service moves a gigabit per second, or 200 times faster than the previous norm. Other telecommunication and cable companies responded, selling far faster internet connections than before. Spectrum, for instance, doubled speeds without raising prices in Kansas City. “Google Fiber accomplished their objectives, which is to get the telcos and cable providers to greatly increase their speeds,” said Glen Friedman of the Ideas & Solutions broadband consulting firm. Meantime, Google’s Mountain View, Calif., headquarters has put increasing emphasis on its core business — the search functions that made it a tech giant. When Google Fiber was created, it pulled employees away from some of those functions. Now, hundreds of Google Fiber workers at the California headquarters will be shifted out of the division. The internet service division last year “paused” expansion into new markets. Instead, it’s exploring still-developing wireless technology to beam broadband to homes. “Google Fiber remains focused on our customers and cities,” the company said in an email. “We want to bring Google Fiber to customers faster, so we’re focused on making deployment more efficient and less intrusive.” The company’s new approach, in part, reflects the daunting cost of building a fiber optic network that reaches all the way through residential neighborhoods. “Just being in Kansas City” — and fewer than a dozen other markets — “is an interesting experiment. But if you really want to move the dial, you have to be national,” said Larry Gerbrandt, a cable industry analyst at Media Valuation Partners. “It’s a massive undertaking to wire the country. Is this where they want to put their money?” The job of hoisting wires on utility poles or burying them under streets and lawns “is one of the most capital-intensive things you can do,” he said. “It’s infrastructure. And that’s really expensive.” Analysts said it’s hard to speculate about who might want to buy what Google Fiber has already built. A cable company such as Spectrum, formerly Time Warner Cable, might be reluctant to purchase the customer contracts and physical networks in markets where it can already sell service. Other companies might be reluctant to buy a network to compete so directly with Spectrum. Yet analysts said the company has likely invested billions in Google Fiber assets across the country that would be valuable in a sale. &nbsp; Scott Canon: 816-234-4754, @ScottCanon Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Technology Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:31 Library program welcomes and informs homeless Pause 1:13 Wife and stepson of KKK leader Frank Ancona accused of murder 2:25 Kemper Arena plan envisions sports hub 3:55 How Schlitterbahn’s Verruckt was built in Wyandotte County 1:46 The science behind Schlitterbahn’s Verrückt 1:30 Helmet camera footage captures firefighter battling blaze 1:37 Trump wants to speed up NAFTA renegotiation 0:54 Royals Daily: Travis Wood is officially a Royal 0:47 Blue Valley students hold prayer vigil for coach Eric Driskell 0:32 Graphic content: Listen to K-State students chant '(expletive) KU' during recent game Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago George, an 8-week-old Lab Mix, steals hearts on UberPUPPIES Day 1:49 5 days ago George, an 8-week-old Lab Mix, steals hearts on UberPUPPIES Day 2:12 8 days ago From CDs to fiber: AT&T exec talks about how the internet is evolving 0:53 8 days ago Smart City website launches in KC View more video Technology Google Fiber touts Kansas City presence amid speculation about company sale State, feds address cleanup at oil pipeline protest camp Deep Background: Has Google Fiber changed Kansas City? Surprise Pokémon Go update includes 80 new Pokémon and other big changes 2016 traffic deaths jump to highest level in nearly a decade Technology Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  High-End Smartphones  »  Review Review: HTC U Ultra smartphone by  Robert Leedham  |  Thursday 16 February 2017  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 45 HTC’s glass smartphone is a stunner to look at and almost as lovely to live with. Tweet Email this Print this Feedback This all-glass smartphone is seriously pretty. Just don’t drop it. If ever you need proof that necessity is the mother of all invention, then take a look at the HTC U Ultra. HTC used to be famous for its metal phones, then everyone else decided to make them too. So it's made a phone that's almost entirely glass instead. And it looks awesome. Sure, there's more to the U Ultra than its sumptuous design. It boasts two screens: one being a gigantic 5.7in affair, the other a thin 2.05in strip for instant notifications-related gratification. It’s also got HTC’s artificially intelligent Sense Companion ticking away under its hood. They're nice touches for sure, but the Ultra is really a uniquely handsome Android phone that stands out for its bold aesthetic above anything else. And do you know what? I’m very much OK with that. HTC U ULTRA DESIGN: A GLASS MASTERPIECE There's a reason that the HTC U Ultra looks the way it does, and you can kind of blame the iPhone 6. Before that slab of aluminium brilliance, HTC was pretty much out on its own in making all-metal handsets. Then its thunder was thoroughly stolen and everyone lost a lot of interest in its subsequent One M9 and HTC 10 flagships. The (almost) all-glass U Ultra is an obvious way to stand out again. And boy does it get the job done. When I first saw the U Ultra I didn't quite know what to make of it. There have been similar phones before - Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge both have flat glass backs - but this HTC is different. Its back is curved on to the phone’s four corners so it looks as though the device has been built as a whole rather than by slapping several different parts together. Even more significantly, the U Ultra’s glass has been ionised so that even its black edition changes colour according to the light around you. It’s an effect that's difficult to describe, but pick up the handset yourself and its subtle shimmers and reflections are sure to set your heart aflutter. I really, really like it but the U Ultra’s unique make-up won't be for everyone. Not least because it's ridiculously prone to smudges and - newsflash! - glass shatters. If you drop this thing then gravity will not be kind to it, even though HTC says it’ll survive a fall of about a metre. So the sensible thing to do is get a case that’ll cover up this vulnerability, but clearly that’s a less than ideal solution as it means you don't then get to gaze on every inch of its loveliness. As for the rest of its design, this phone is pretty much identical to any Android right now. Its 170g weight barely registers in your hands. At 8mm thin, it's a slight device, but not so much that it feels insubstantial. And its metal frame accommodates a power button, volume rocker, nano sim and microSD card slot, and a USB-C port. That’s right, just like the iPhone 7 this handset has no headphone jack - but we'll chat more about that later. HTC U ULTRA MAIN DISPLAY: BIG, BUT NOT BEZEL-LESS So what makes the HTC U Ultra different is its glass design and two displays. And even though it’s the smaller screen in this pairing that's really interesting, the bigger 5.7in panel is quite something. A couple of years ago, you'd think a screen this size would be simply too huge. Nowadays it's a real boon. The more YouTube, Instagram and Netflix we consume on our phones, the more it makes sense to have a generous Quad HD screen to enhance that experience. You certainly won't catch yourself squinting at the U Ultra anytime soon. Even though it's technically a beast of a device, you don't feel that way when using it thanks to its curved back and slender build. You can't really use this HTC one-handed, but nor is it a strain to hold and handle. How does it look? A generous 1440 x 2560 resolution - that's roughly 513 pixels per inch - means that you're treated to visuals with plenty of punch and vibrancy. The latest trailer for Zelda: Breath of the Wild had us quivering in anticipation, while sports highlights were suitably sharp. Since this is an LCD panel we're talking about - rather than the AMOLED screens you'll find in a Samsung - contrast could be better, but this isn't a major quibble. Of the big-screened phones you can buy, this is on par with the iPhone 7 Plus and Huawei Mate 9. Still, it doesn’t have the wow factor of the Xiaomi’s Mi Mix 6.4in bezel-less display. If you want to own the future of smartphones, then its incredible 91.3% screen-to-body ratio is the shape of phones to come. The U Ultra is more a reflection of the best they can do right now. HTC U ULTRA SECONDARY SCREEN: THE GOOD KIND OF GIMMICK So how about that secondary display then? On first impressions, the 2.05in strip that sits on top of the U Ultra’s main 5.7in screen screams of gimmickry - just as the LG V20’s does. While it’s certainly not essential, I’ve used it more than I expected to. In essence, this is because it works with third-party apps. Always-on screens were all the rage last year, with handsets such as Samsung’s Galaxy S7 and the LG G5 constantly showing you the time and some notifications. As useful as that sounds, no-one really nailed the concept due to a combination of so-so readability, limited usage scenarios and app support. Although the U Ultra’s secondary screen isn’t always-on - it wakes up when you get a notification or flip your phone up - it does a much better job of the same idea without proving a huge drain on battery life. Its 160 x 1040 resolution ensures you can always read what’s onscreen and HTC has designed the thing to work with all the apps you’d want. That means WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Gmail and many more. If you get sent a short text, you can read the whole thing without unlocking your phone. It’s the same routine that you get with a smartwatch, but built into your phone. That’s not all this secondary screen can do either. When your U Ultra is unlocked it’ll show you upcoming calendar events, reminders you’ve set yourself and a 12-hour weather forecast for your location, among other things. It’s also meant to work hand-in-hand with HTC’s new Sense Companion, but I’m not so sure about that one. HTC U ULTRA ANDROID AND SENSE COMPANION: SMART ENOUGH As with last year’s HTC 10, the U Ultra runs on a relatively uncluttered version of Android. In this instance it’s Android 7.0 Nougat, the operating system that first launched via the Google Pixel and should now ship as standard on the vast majority of Google-powered phones in 2017. Android has been in good shape for some time now and its latest incarnation does little to rock the boat while introducing a few welcome new features. Chief among these are the ability to run apps in a split-screen mode, a renewed notifications centre and an improved Doze mode that’ll save on battery life whenever your screen is turned off. It’s that split-screened mode that’ll come in most handy on a phone of the Ultra’s size though. As for Google Assistant? That voice-based artificially intelligent know-it-all is sticking to Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL phones for now, meaning U Ultra owners will have to settle for the decent enough Google Now if they want local restaurant recommendations and the like without having to manually search for them. That’s no great loss really and, according to HTC, the U Ultra will be getting Google Assistant and Android 7.1 at an unspecified point in the future. Plus HTC is already bundling its own artificially intelligent Sense Companion in with the U Ultra. Although if I’m totally honest, I don’t really understand what it does. HTC claims the software is supposed to smarten up how your phone works on a day-to-day basis. So the way the Sense Companion was explained to us was as an added brain for your phone that’ll check your calendar and monitor your battery to make sure it has the juice to survive a late one, tell you to leave for work early if the trains are borked and learn who your real friends are so its notifications actually count for something. If that has all being going on in the short-ish amount of time I’ve been using the U Ultra, then I haven’t noticed it. In fairness, the whole principle of an AI assistant is that it learns your behaviour and a few days isn’t enough time for that to happen. I’ll be updating this review soon with a more definitive verdict on the Sense Companion’s day-to-day impact. HTC U ULTRA POWER: PLENTY OF IT Look past its swish new build and you’ll find the U Ultra essentially has the same internals as the Google Pixel, which was also manufactured by HTC. It’s got the same Snapdragon 821 processor and 4GB that powered the Pixel and the same 12MP rear-facing camera as well. When it comes to processing power there’s a more recent Snapdragon 835 kicking around that should ensure Android phones out later this year are even faster and more economical than ever before. Given they’re plenty fast and economical already, I can’t muster the strength of enthusiasm to be annoyed about its absence from the U Ultra. Nor is this something you should be fussed about either. The Pixel is one of the most powerful phones you can buy and the same goes for the Ultra. It chomps through graphically demanding games such as 3D racer Asphalt 8 and won’t break a sweat for your everyday multitasking across Google Docs, Twitter and the like. We say this almost everytime we review a smartphone nowadays, but it bares repeating: speed doesn’t matter anymore. Until phone-makers go all-in on VR or 4K performance, then you can throw pretty much anything at your phone and it’ll handle it no problem. HTC U ULTRA BATTERY LIFE: PAR FOR THE ANDROID COURSE It’s a similar story with battery life. Most top-end Androids will now last for about a day and a half, and offer fast charging so you’ve got less chance of being caught short. From what we’ve seen so far that’s the same story with the U Ultra. We’ve pummeled its 3000mAh battery with some hefty downloads, video streaming and gaming apps and still managed to muster a full day out of this HTC. With a lighter touch it should be able to kick on to around that day-and-a-half mark before the toll of powering a huge 5.7in screen sees it conk out. We’ll be updating this review soon to make sure that’s the case though. In the meantime, we can confirm its fast-charger takes no prisoners, topping up 33% of your battery in 20 minutes. Plus, it takes just under two hours to hit the 100% marker as well. Impressive. HTC U ULTRA CAMERA: BEHIND THE TIMES Not so long ago it was a hugely impressive feat for a smartphone’s camera to take a great photo, instead of one that’s merely good enough. Thanks to the iPhone 7, Samsung Galaxy S7 and Google Pixel we’ve been spoilt with some utterly sumptuous shots. So stepping back to a camera that’s merely good feels like more of a regression than it actually is. That’s certainly the case with the HTC U Ultra, which can capture a respectable photo given the right conditions. On a brisk, cloudy day focusing was pretty much instant in the shots I took, with a good amount of detail produced, even though the sky ended up looking lot more grey and ominous than it did in person. When hit with low light the results are similarly… fine. There’s a tolerable amount of graininess to photos and several red books on a shelf at home took on a more pink hue. If all you’re after is a commemorative shot of your mates down the pub, then you won’t be upset, but photo obsessives might end up a bit disappointed. My guess is that this mediocrity has a lot to do with HTC’s software, rather than being a hardware problem. Sure, this is (in all probability) the same 12MP sensor we saw on last year’s HTC 10, but the HTC-made Google Pixel also used that setup to sterling effect. Whatever the case, there’s no denying the U Ultra’s photos are uninspiring and this phone doesn’t come with a dual-lens setup to compensate. Either the iPhone 7 Plus’ zoom lens or the LG G5’s wide-angle lens would have helped make up for the slightly lacklustre overall performance here, but it doesn't get any such treat. So really you’re left with the worst of both worlds, as melodramatic as that sounds. Selfies are a sunnier story, though. Given a couple of attempts, the Ultra’s 16MP front-facing sensor delivers spot-on skin tones and it’s not half bad at night either. At least, our facial hair wasn’t reduced to the brown streak that lesser cameras capture. When it comes to the U Ultra’s cameras it’s a real mixed bag, then. They’re neither particularly impressive nor too much of a disappointment, which is fine when you assess the U Ultra in isolation. Set side by side with most other £500-plus phones, it ranks near the bottom of the pile. HTC U ULTRA EXTRAS: NO HEADPHONE JACK, A COUPLE OF PROBLEMS So what’s left to talk about with the U Ultra? Firstly, its fingerprint scanner is front-facing, sitting just under the phone’s screen, and works a treat. It’s fast and accurate and that’s all you need from it. Secondly, you get a generous 64GB of internal storage to fill with photos, video and all the apps you please. That's double the amount you'll find in an iPhone 7 or Galaxy S7. Sweet. Unfortunately, the HTC U Ultra’s audio situation is a tad more complex. This phone doesn’t have a 3.5mm headphone socket, so you’re forced to use either USB-C or bluetooth headphones. HTC has bundled in a pair of the former and has built its USonic ear-analysing tech into the phone to fine-tune its audio performance. Impressively, this managed to eradicate nearly all bass and weightiness from Beach House’ Myth, while Childish Gambino’s Boogieman sounded tinny and distant. You can switch back to a ‘normal’ non-personalised audio profile, but the results aren’t much better. Overall, HTC's decision to drop the headphone socket from its phones is less forgivable than Apple's identical move. For starters, you don’t get a 3.5mm-to-USB-C adapter bundled in with the U Ultra. Secondly, there’s less choice when it comes to USB-C headphones than there is Lightning port headphones, and that choice isn’t all that great in the first place. Finally, Bluetooth headphones are expensive and buying a new phone shouldn’t force you to spend an extra $200 or so on a fresh pair of cans. All in all, not having a headphone socket on the U Ultra is a big problem if you don’t own a pair of Bluetooth headphones already. HTC U ULTRA COMPETITION: ANDROID IS A TOUGH PLACE TO BE RIGHT NOW If you’re looking to buy an expensive Android, then that phone has to be different enough to the OnePlus 3T to justify the purchase. That’s because the OnePlus can’t be beaten for value or sheer workhorse-like power. Still feel the urge to spend a few hundred more dollars? Then you should also bear in mind this is a weird time to be buying a new handset. Mobile World Congress is just around the corner and that means the likes of LG, Motorola and Nokia (yep, it’s back) are about to announce their own latest devices. Plus, Samsung’s S8 should be due around April as well. Leaving aside the not-yet-released 2017 phones, the main competition comes from the Google Pixel XL and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge. The Edge may be about to be old news, but that means its prices have taken a dive recently. It still looks fab, has one of the best cameras you can buy and offers a superb all-round performance. I personally think the Pixel XL is overly expensive and looks rubbish. That said, its camera is a knockout and it delivers Google’s vision for Android without any third-party interference. Still, Google’s own plus-sized iPhone isn’t as good as the actual iPhone 7 Plus. So where does that leave the HTC U Ultra? For my money, it’s the best-looking phone you can buy right now, but its camera isn’t up there with rest of the Android flagships. How it ranks against the S7 Edge and Pixel XL depends on where your priorities lie. HTC U ULTRA VERDICT The HTC U Ultra is a gorgeous smartphone to behold. If all you want from a phone is for it to look good in your hands, then you cannot do better than this device. Even though you’ll need to treat it carefully to avoid all manner of cracks, chips and smudges. While the rest of this phone isn’t quite so impressive, it’s still a fundamentally good handset. Speed and battery life are both on par with what you’ll get from other high-end Androids, and its dual screens are a well-tuned team. You can’t beat 5.7in of real-estate when it comes binging Netflix on the train into work, while the Ultra’s smaller secondary display does a decent job of juggling the myriad notifications you receive on the regular. Its camera is similarly sound, but we’ve been spoilt recently for point-and-shoot smartphone snappers and the U Ultra doesn’t impress in the same way as an iPhone, Pixel or Samsung S7. Skimping on a dual-camera setup feels like a big miss too, as does the lack of a headphone socket. So beyond the physical, there’s not a huge amount that makes the HTC U Ultra distinct. It’s a good job we’re vain at heart then. Related Reviews Review: Lenovo Phab2 Pro Review: ExoLens PRO with Optics by ZEISS Wide-Angle Kit Review: Google Daydream View virtual reality headset Review: Insta360 Nano Source: Copyright © Stuff.tv See more about:  htc  |  review  |  smartphones  |  u ultra   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   15 weird wars we want to see represented in game form     The phone bed is the most ludicrous product you'll see today     SpaceX promises internet for all, with a little help from 4,425 satellites     Apple’s fancy new Mac book is $US199     Silicon Valley wants California to leave the USA after Trump win   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in High-End Smartphones (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: HTC U Ultra smartphone << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung Galaxy S8 colours 'leaked' << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (3 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple fuels rumours of wireless charging for the iPhone 8 << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Google Pixel 2: Everything we know so far << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (5 of 10 articles) NEWS What we know: the BlackBerry Mercury << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Motorola Moto Z smartphone << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Samsung Galaxy S8: Bixby assistant 'will support eight languages' << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple 'ramping up' iPhone 8 production << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Google could be stopping Pixel XL production soon << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> More in High-End Smartphones (10 of 10 articles) FEATURE What we know: the Motorola Moto G5 << Prev Next >> View all High-End Smartphones articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in High-End Smartphones News Samsung Galaxy S8 colours 'leaked' Review Review: HTC U Ultra smartphone Feature What we know: the Motorola Moto G5 Group Test Group Test: Smartphones Gallery How good is the LG G4's camera? A-list Product OnePlus3 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero Mate 9 review: Huawei's long-lasting 5.9in flagship phone How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Tip: Your shop can use a smartphone instead of an EFTPOS terminal Cisco partners pay for massive product replacement Cisco Australia moves onto activity-based working in new offices CSC and HPE Enterprise Services unveil new company name: DXC Technology Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Telstra launches Gateway Frontier to get users back online during an outage Photos: How to get a subsea cable from Sydney to LA The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Qantas CTO quits Australia finally has mandatory data breach notification Demand 'still not there' for 1Gbps: NBN Co Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines was enough to make your blood boil 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege Interview: Brian Fargo & Chris Keenan on Wasteland 3 18 pro tips from the Rainbow Six Siege world cup About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team GIVEAWAYPost Your Job on CrunchBoard and You'll be Entered to Win 2 Tickets to SXSW. Post Your Job to Enter Google Google expands fact-checked news to Brazil, Mexico & Argentina U.S. motor vehicle deaths see biggest two year jump in over 50 years, per NSC Google launches Cloud Spanner, its new globally distributed relational database service Browse more... YouTube Crunch Report | Youtuber Pewdiepie Gets in Trouble PewDiePie’s YouTube Red series gets cancelled after vlogger posts anti-Semitic content Disney cuts ties with PewDiePie, YouTube’s top star, over anti-Semitic clips Browse more... videos Five principles for building the next great video platform Drake’s new short film “Please Forgive Me” arrives as an Apple Music exclusive Facebook is testing video ads during Live broadcasts Browse more... machine learning IBM wants to bring machine learning to the mainframe Gamalon leverages the work of an 18th century reverend to organize unstructured enterprise data Yahoo supercharges TensorFlow with Apache Spark Browse more... kaggle Kaggle hosting $1M competition to improve lung cancer detection with machine learning  Algorithmic Essay-Grading: Teacher’s Savior Or Bane Of Learning? ChaLearn Challenges You To Teach A Kinect Instant Gesture Recognition Browse more... Google teams up with Kaggle to host $100,000 video classification challenge Posted 10 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois (@fredericl) 0 SHARES Next Story Reddit tweaks and renames public front page Google and Kaggle today announced a new machine learning challenge that asks developers to find the best way to automatically tag videos. The challenge, which comes with a $30,000 prize for the first-place finisher (and $25,000, $20,000, $15,000 and $10,000 for the next four teams), asks developers to classify and tag videos from Google’s updated YouTube-8M V2 data set. This data set features a total of 7 million YouTube videos that add up to 450,000 hours of video. YouTube-8M already includes labels, too, and developers can use this as their training data. The challenge then is to tag 700,000 previously unseen videos. The company is launching this new challenge on the same day of TensorFlow’s 1.0 release — and that’s probably no coincidence. Still, Google doesn’t restrict developers to using its own machine learning framework. They can use other frameworks, too. Given that the full frame-level data set is 1.71 TB large, though, and lives on Google’s Cloud Platform, chances are most developers will want to use Google’s own services to train their models (and they can get a few extra free credits to use the Cloud Platform, too, once they run out of their free allotment). Just last week, Google also launched the YouTube-BoundingBoxes data set. As the name implies, this data set consists of bounding boxes (for a total of 5 million videos) that track objects across frames. This isn’t something the developers will use in this new challenge, but it clearly shows Google’s interest in video classification. YouTube, after all, keeps growing, and probably sees more searches than most of Google’s search engine competitors. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Collaboration, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Enterprise Software Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Kaggle Founded 2010 Overview Kaggle is the world's largest community of data scientists. They compete with each other to solve complex data science problems, using the latest and varied applications of machine learning. Kaggle provides cutting-edge business results to companies of all sizes, especially in the Energy sector. The company also has a track-record of solving real-world problems across an array of industries including … Location San Francisco, CA Categories Analytics, Data Mining, Big Data, Predictive Analytics, News Founders Anthony Goldbloom, Ben Hamner Website http://kaggle.com Full profile for Kaggle YouTube Founded 2005 Overview YouTube is a video-sharing website created in February 2005 by three former [PayPal](/company/paypal) employees: [Chad Hurley](/person/chad-hurley), [Steve Chen](/person/steve-chen) and [Jawed Karim](/person/jawed-karim). YouTube enables users to upload, view and share videos. It uses [Adobe Flash](/product/adobe-flash) video and HTML5 technology to display a wide variety of user-generated video … Location San Bruno, CA Categories Internet, Video, Music Website http://www.youtube.com/ Full profile for YouTube Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes videos YouTube machine learning kaggle Google Popular Posts Featured Stories Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute | Crunch Report VIDEO | 4:00 | Crunch Report CRISPR-Cas9 inventor Jennifer Doudna’s plans on moving forward, genetically modifying humans 7 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Facebook’s new job opening posts poach business from LinkedIn 12 hours ago | Josh Constine Judge rules CRISPR-Cas9 patents belong to Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT 13 hours ago | Megan Rose Dickey Verizon reportedly closes in on a Yahoo acquisition with a $250M discount 16 hours ago | Anthony Ha Latest From TechCrunch Baidu furthers AI push with acquisition of digital assistant startup Raven Tech 1 hour ago | Jon Russell Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet 3 hours ago | Connie Loizos Crunch Report | Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute 5 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Dorsey: Twitter still has “a long way to go” 6 hours ago | Katie Roof Up Next Reddit tweaks and renames public front page Posted 10 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Firmware Engineer @ Athos at Athos (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Account Executive @ Sauce Labs at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Product Manager @ Thanx at Thanx (San Francisco, CA, United States) Report Developer at cleverbridge (Chicago, IL, United States) Software Engineer at Magoosh (Berkeley, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Baidu furthers AI push with acquisition of digital assistant startup Raven Tech 1 hour ago by Jon Russell Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet 3 hours ago by Connie Loizos Crunch Report | Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute 5 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Dorsey: Twitter still has “a long way to go” 6 hours ago by Katie Roof CRISPR-Cas9 inventor Jennifer Doudna’s plans on moving forward, genetically modifying humans 7 hours ago by Sarah Buhr Google teams up with Kaggle to host $100,000 video classification challenge 10 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Reddit tweaks and renames public front page 10 hours ago by Devin Coldewey UK startup PawSquad brings the vet to your door, on demand 10 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Huawei said to be building its own voice assistant 11 hours ago by Brian Heater Elon Musk posts, then deletes, tweets calling Trump’s immigration ban “not right” 12 hours ago by Darrell Etherington
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE SearchCap: Google fun facts, how to hire SEOs & SEO analysis Barry Schwartz on February 15, 2017 at 4:00 pm More Below is what happened in search today, as reported on Search Engine Land and from other places across the web. From Search Engine Land: Google’s latest search feature serves up fun facts about animals, plants, fruits & vegetables Feb 15, 2017 by Amy Gesenhues Adding the words “fun facts” to queries for animals, plants, fruits or vegetables will surface list of facts atop search results. Keyword SWOT analysis: Finding your content opportunities Feb 15, 2017 by Casie Gillette Columnist Casie Gillette shows how regularly evaluating your keyword rankings and associated content can be a great way to stay on top of a long-running SEO program. Google releases new video on how to hire an SEO consultant Feb 15, 2017 by Barry Schwartz Thinking of hiring an SEO firm or consultant? Watch this video from Google’s Maile Ohye on what questions to ask and what to look for during that hiring process. Create an RFP for your next website project with this step-by-step guide Feb 15, 2017 by Digital Marketing Depot From technology selection to revamped branding, the process of redesigning a website is far more than new colors and content. Proper up-front preparation and a thorough understanding of your goals and needs set you up for long-term success. This guide from Bayshore Solutions will walk you through the RFP development process and serve as a […] Recent Headlines From Marketing Land, Our Sister Site Dedicated To Internet Marketing: Growing your agency with retainer-based relationships Top 10 video creators in January: Unilad & The LAD Bible keep the lead, both driving 4B+ views Marketers, think outside the list How to use psychological principles to improve ad copy Seasonal and holiday link building How to spice up your TrueView audience strategy on YouTube Forrester: Virtual Reality is not yet ready for marketers PullString now allows marketers to choose their intent engine Improving the social shopping experience: Facebook Shoppable Feed ads Search News From Around The Web: Local & Maps Video Deep Dive: Google My Business into 2017, Local University Searching Answer: Large numbers of ladybugs and dogfish?, SearchReSearch Expanding Fact Checking at Google, blog.google SEO Changing Domains? What Would an SEO Do?, Portent Google Mobilegeddon 2: Is This One Too Big to Ignore?, BruceClay.com Google Says Manipulating Browser Back Button Doesn’t Impact Search Rankings, Search Engine Roundtable Google Says Read Your Web Page Content Out Loud, Search Engine Roundtable Google: SEOs Need 4 Months to a Year for SEO Changes & Ranking Improvement, The SEM Post SEO Do’s and Don’ts for Relaunching Your Site, Smokehouse SEO The February 7, 2017 Google Algorithm Update – Analysis and Findings From A Significant Core Ranking Update, gsqi.com SEM / Paid Search Amazon Focusing on Mobile with Google Product Listing Ads, Merkle Search Marketing 3 Ways to Use User Generated Content to Boost Sales, SEM Rush About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Topics Channel: IndustrySearchCap Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers User Engagement Top 100 Report: Email Marketing in E-Commerce Diversity is Key to Understanding Corporate Video 6 Steps to Creating High Converting Native Ads The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Subscribe Search Engine Land AdWords Auctions Here's how Google's own ads impact bids & pricing AMP Change Google makes it easier to share publishers' real URLs Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google’s latest search feature serves up fun facts about animals, plants, fruits & vegetables Adding the words 'fun facts' to queries for animals, plants, fruits or vegetables will surface list of facts atop search results. Amy Gesenhues on February 15, 2017 at 1:35 pm More Google launched a new search feature today, serving up fun facts atop search results for animals, plants, fruits and vegetable queries that include the words “fun facts.” From the Google Search Blog: Starting today on Google Search, you can find fun facts about living creatures from around the world, making you the most interesting person at the dinner party or the reigning champ at trivia… Ask for a fun fact about something (think plants, animals, fruits and veggies), and ta-da! A trivia tidbit is delivered right at the top of your search results. Google provided the following mobile search for “hippo fun facts” to show how the fun facts are listed: For some queries, Google says multiple facts will be displayed as the search result page is refreshed. About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogleGoogle: Easter EggsGoogle: SEOGoogle: Voice SearchGoogle: Web Search Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers User Engagement Top 100 Report: Email Marketing in E-Commerce Diversity is Key to Understanding Corporate Video 6 Steps to Creating High Converting Native Ads The Facebook Advertising Ecosystem The Digital Marketer’s Guide to AI-Powered CRO See More Whitepapers Webcasts Build Your Ultimate Martech Stack Intro to Agile Marketing: Work faster and smarter by changing how you work Creative is Complicated: Tips for better brand/agency collaboration See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Driving The Epic 2017 Nissan GT-R Phone Reviews Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review Battle Of The Cheap Smartphones: OnePlus 3T Vs LeEco Le Pro3 LG V20: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific URB-E Electric Scooter: Australian Review This Folding Bike Has Built-In GPS To Track Your Rides This Handheld Scanner Was Supposed To Change My Life, But I've Never Been More Disappointed In A Gadget Gaming Reviews Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSport, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare: Australian Review Entertainment Reviews An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Legion Isn't Just A Good Superhero Show: It's A Great Show, Period Suspiria Is Just As Terrifying And Fantastic Now As It Was 40 Years Ago Jabra Elite Sport: Australian Review An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Samsung's New Chromebook Is A Nearly Perfect Budget Laptop Oppo R9s: Australian Review Legion Isn't Just A Good Superhero Show: It's A Great Show, Period Gadgets This Black Series Poe Dameron Helmet Is Too Small For Adults And It's Super Unfair While Kids Teach Beauty And The Beast's Belle How To Dance, This Doll Teaches Them How To Code This New Wearable Version Of Simon Will Have You Swatting At Your Face Lightning Earbuds With A Built-in Charging Making Avoiding Wireless Slightly Easier Mobile The White House Finally Convinced Me To Start Using A Secure Messaging App Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC The Nokia 3310 Was A Frickin' Tank It Looks A Whole Lot Like The Next iPhone Will Have Wireless Charging Car Tech Myer Melbourne Is Getting A Tesla Showroom The Most Dedicated Mechanics In The World Wrench On The Streets Of Hong Kong Toyota Is Building A Real-Life Tonka Truck Uber Has A Murder Problem Online YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage Watch A Redback Spider Fight A Brown Snake Report: Sad Yahoo Deal Somehow Gets Even Sadder Match.com Bets That Watching The Walking Dead's Zombies Will Make People Want To Screw Science & Health The Amount Of Oxygen In The Ocean Has Dropped Thanks To Humans This Sea Monster News Is Really Messing Me Up The Winners Of NASA's Space Poop Competition Are Full Of Ideas  Why The Most Controversial 2020 Mars Rover Landing Site Is Also The Most Exciting Cameras Bali In 360-Degree 4K Looks Better Than It Ever Has Camera With Lens Made From 32,000 Drinking Straws Takes The Eeriest Photos Genius Professor Turns His Classroom Into A Giant Pinhole Camera Lady Gaga's Halftime Superbowl Show Was Lit By Intel Drones Computing How To Build The Ultimate Movie And Music Server How To Painlessly Run Windows On Your Mac Logitech's Brio Is A 4K, HDR, Face-Unlocking Webcam Ask Giz: Why Are Some Blu-ray Discs Bendy? Gaming Here Are The Dates For PAX Australia 2017 Watching Swamp Thing Beat The Crap Out Of Damian Wayne In Injustice 2 Is Immensely Satisfying The Atari Flashback Has 101 Built-In Games (And You Can Buy It Right Now) Valentine's Day (When Your Partner Loves Virtual Reality More Than They Love You) Entertainment When Will A Black Actor Get To Have Their Deadpool Moment?  Agents Of SHIELD Dives Into Total LMD Madness Logan Clip Teases X-23's Brutal Origins Mel Gibson Might Direct Suicide Squad 2 Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 Telstra TV Is The Fastest-Growing Streaming Box In Australia, Apparently YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage Watch A Redback Spider Fight A Brown Snake 5 Apps To Get Almost Any Content On Your Apple TV David Nield Feb 16, 2017, 10:00am ⋅ Filed to:  apple apple tv fieldguide streaming Share You've got your shiny new Apple TV hooked up to a big display... so how do you get all the videos you own up there on screen? Easy enough for your iTunes movies, not so straightforward if your content's on a Windows laptop or an Android tablet. Here's how to get almost anything streamed to your Apple TV. Image: Gizmodo We won't take you step-by-step through getting iTunes content up on your Apple TV as you can no doubt figure it out yourself — try the built-in TV shows or Movies apps if you're stuck. In fact, getting anything from another Apple device is super straightforward because your Apple TV acts as a big AirPlay receiver. If you're not using Apple hardware or buying from Apple's store then the key is to pick the right app. With limited access to the tvOS file system (thanks, Apple), third-party apps are the key to getting your content up on the big screen, and these are the best ones for the job. YouTube Image: Screenshot We'll start with an easy one: YouTube. If you just can't figure out any other way to get your videos to an Apple TV, upload them to YouTube and watch them that way (you can keep clips private to your own account if you don't want them seen by the whole world). There's more though — the YouTube app for Apple TV gives you access to any TV show or movie you've bought through Google Play Movies & TV. There's no official Google Movies & TV app for Apple TV, but you can find all your purchased content in the YouTube app: go to My YouTube using the top menu then scroll down to Purchases to find your shows and films. Alternatively use the Google Play Movies & TV app on an iPhone or iPad and AirPlay your purchased content over that way. Plex Image: Screenshot We're huge fans of Plex and once again the app can work wonders when it comes to getting your music, movies, photos and everything else from a non-Apple device to an Apple TV. Sign up for a free or premium account, build a library of content on your machine (it works for Mac, Windows, and Linux), and the Plex app will stream it to your Apple TV for free — as long as you leave the computer on. Alternatively pay up for a Plex Pass and you can store all your shows and movies in the cloud rather than on a local machine. The Plex app for Apple TV is slick and straightforward and works a lot like your personal Netflix. Anything you've added on the server side at the other end will show up and can be streamed straight to your Apple box. AllCast Image: Screenshot If you fork out for the premium version of AllCast on your Android device then you can beam pretty much anything from your Google-powered phone or tablet to an AirPlay device — in this case the Apple TV. Besides videos you can get your music and your photos up on the big screen (there's no Google Photos app for Apple TV as yet), and if you want to test the waters first then try the free version of the app, which comes with a five-minute playback limit. The best part of AllCast versus other options is that there are no technical menus to wade through and you can be up and running in minutes. You don't need anything installed on your Apple TV either. It just pops up as an option when you launch the AllCast Android app. Once the connection is made you can beam over anything stored locally on your device as well as content from linked services like Google Drive or Dropbox. AirParrot 2 Image: Screenshot If you're interested in getting content from a Windows computer on an Apple TV without dealing with a server installation as you would with Plex, then AirParrot 2 is definitely worth a look — it will set you back $US12.99 ($17), but there's a free trial available if you want to see if it suits you first. Again there's little in the way of setup. Once it's running on Windows, choose the local Apple TV as a receiver, then choose a media file from disk, and it's streamed straight to the Apple device. You can adjust quality settings in the program preferences but we didn't notice any glitches in our testing. The application can also do a straight mirror of your screen, so an exact copy of your Windows display shows up on the Apple TV. There's a version for macOS as well, plus an extension you can use on Chrome OS. Meanwhile the accompanying iOS app lets you use your iPhone as a remote control for whatever you're watching on your TV. VLC Media Player Image: Screenshot VLC Media Player for the Apple TV — like the versions for every other platform — does a great job of playing audio and video content in pretty much any format in existence. It supports a whole host of network protocols, including Windows shares, UPnP and FTP, so wherever your movies and TV shows happen to be stored, chances are that VLC can get at them. It also works with Plex if you need it to. As with the desktop clients, there's support for multiple audio tracks and subtitles, and you can also stream any video link you can get ahold of the URL for. VLC is the most finnicky of the bunch as it takes a little bit of technical know-how to get videos up and running on it, but it's not particularly difficult to do, there's plenty of documentation on VLC's site to get you started, and once your files are in place then using VLC is a breeze. You can also use a connected web interface on an iOS device or a desktop browser and just drag and drop the files you want to play. Comments Bob Dobbs Guest Feb 16, 2017, 12:05pm Airparriot 2 is in the current humble bundle so you can get it for as little as 1 dollar right now. Reply 0 Lammie Guest Feb 16, 2017, 2:00pm Infuse Pro is great for video—plays pretty much any format locally off the ATV — so no need to transcode on the fly—which is the downside to Plex. You can stream all your files straight from a NAS or computer. It can source subtitles directly from Opensubtitles.org and the interface is almost as slick as Plex (and it also downloads metadata for all your files such as cover art, synopsis, etc). Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC Rae Johnston 14 Feb 2017 12:15 PM Bendigo and Adelaide Bank, Commonwealth Bank of Australia, National Australia Bank, and Westpac are attempting to gain permission from the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) to negotiate as a group for access to Apple Pay and the Near Field Communication (NFC) function on iPhones. No, scratch that - they'd just be happy with the NFC, actually. Why The NBN Isn't Selling Gigabit Internet Yet Bill Morrow, NBN 15 Feb 2017 9:45 AM This op-ed from NBN's chief executive Bill Morrow is being posted to the National Broadband Network company's blog today, and is being republished here in full by Gizmodo. Do you agree with his explanation? Do you disagree? Let us know in the comments. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: You Can Now Stream Your Favourite Shows From Anywhere Deals: Become A Pro Data Analyst With This R Programming Bundle Deals: Today Only! Save 70% On These Online Courses Deals: These Magnetic Wireless Headphones Are Perfect For Hassle Free Listening Trending Articles 1 Australian Banks Tell Apple: We Just Want Your NFC 2 Why The NBN Isn't Selling Gigabit Internet Yet 3 YouTube Stars' Defence Of PewDiePie Is Garbage 4 John Wick 2 Finally Has An Australian Release Date 5 An Audiophile-Grade Stereo Setup For Just $1500 This Black Series Poe Dameron Helmet Is Too Small For Adults And It's Super Unfair While Kids Teach Beauty And The Beast's Belle How To Dance, This Doll Teaches Them How To Code This New Wearable Version Of Simon Will Have You Swatting At Your Face When Will A Black Actor Get To Have Their Deadpool Moment?  The Latest Marvel Legends Set Is A Guardians Of The Galaxy All-Star Team Behold, Frankenstein's Star Wars Ships More Details About AMD's Ryzen CPU Are Starting To Come Out DC's Newest Young Animal Series Is A Deep, Deep Jack Kirby Cut Maintain Your Relationship By Treating It Like A Bank Account How To Buy, Prepare And Enjoy Raw Fish Be More Productive By Sitting Next To Someone Who Works Hard Briefly: Nioh Review, Solo Travel, Yoga Hacker Shares in one of Britain's biggest aerospace firms are down 20% after it issued a 5th profit warning in 2 years Trump's Nato ultimatum has shattered a key pillar of May's Brexit plans An ex-RBS employee and customers have accused the bank of fraud, document manipulation, and forgery REPORT: The EU is terrified that Brexit will allow people to sell 'British Champagne' © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI YouTube’s next challenge: parsing video content for search results Jordan Novet@jordannovet February 15, 2017 3:10 PM Tags: Alphabet, artificial intelligence, Google, Jeff Dean, search engines, web search, YouTube Above: YouTube search results. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat For Google, recognizing objects in photos is no longer a challenge. (See Google Photos for proof.) The next challenge is video. There’s more data to deal with, and videos are simply harder to summarize than images. Not that Google is alone here — Facebook, Snap, and Twitter have also been working to analyze video content. But Google’s YouTube has long been called the world’s second-largest search engine — second only to Google Search. While text can help Google return YouTube search results, the raw content of the video itself is still largely not taken into consideration. A few months ago Google gave a big gift to the research community: the YouTube 8M data set. Perhaps not coincidentally, today Google updated that data set. The significance here is that image recognition research has been propelled by the availability of open data, specifically Stanford’s ImageNet and Microsoft’s COCO. Artificial intelligence (AI) systems require data in order to become smarter, and these organizations have stepped up to provide that raw material. Google doesn’t just want to advance the state of the art for the benefit of all, though. It also wants to improve its products — in the same way that it brought Smart Replies to Gmail and instant visual translations to Google Translate. Surely Google wants YouTube to be the best damn place to find a video that relates to your query. “If it could [recognize] a video of a cow jumping over a moon, or a cat jumping over a fence, that would be really cool,” Google senior fellow Jeff Dean said today in a meeting with reporters at Google’s inaugural TensorFlow Dev Summit at company headquarters. That would mean Google would no longer need to rely on metadata like descriptions and comments for searches, Dean said. The underlying technology could make for better video recommendations as well. It’s not clear when YouTube might release the enhanced search capability. Generally speaking, though, “video is maybe a few years behind where we are with images,” Dean said. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: What would a return to China mean for the Google Play Store? Newsby Andrew Grush10 hours ago 2 217 4 “Google Play is coming to China” – we’ve all heard that line before. Ever since it first pulled out of the Chinese market back in 2010, there have been occasional rumors stating its possible return. With China’s smartphone market exploding, and Chinese OEMs slowly gaining global power, many suggest it’s only a matter of time before a return. I’ll admit I’ve written about this subject twice now. First I wrote a detailed feature in 2014, then in 2015 I wrote a short news piece on the matter. In 2016 other members of our team also covered similar new claims about Google’s moves towards returning to China. It’s hard not to be a little skeptical after all this time, but could 2017 finally be the year that this long rumored return actually happens? First, let’s break down the latest rumor. So this time around The Information reports that Google is in talks with NetEase to bring Google Play, and potentially other Google services, to China. To their source’s knowledge, no deal has been inked yet. It’s just talks. That’s pretty much the rumor in its entirety. Obviously, that means that even if a deal is reached, it could be awhile before Google Play gets released in China. It also means that the chances of it happening are currently 50/50 at best. That said, NetEase does have a history of working with western markets to bring apps and services to China, including StarCraft II, Diablo 3, Overwatch, World of Warcraft, and Minecraft. All of these services are games though, and partnering with Google for an app store would certainly have its own unique challenges. Would China even allow Google back? While Google technically was the one that left China, the breakup was kind of mutual, and so would the Chinese government even support a deal to bring back the Google Play store? It’s hard to say for sure, but the good news is that they don’t even need to sign off on the arrangement necessarily. As long as Google plays by Chinese rules when it comes to censorship and other net practices, Google doesn’t need express permission to return. The fact they are working with a local Chinese internet company would make it even easier for Google to get past any barriers keeping them out. As long as Google plays by Chinese rules when it comes to censorship and other net practices, Google doesn’t need express permission to return. Of course, Google would have to bend to China’s philosophies, which go completely against what the company typically stands for. As they say though, money talks. If Google wanted to ease up on censorship? It would have to strike a pretty impressive offer to get the Chinese government onboard, and honestly we don’t see that happening. So for Google, it’s choice is to continue losing out in China or to yield to the Chinese government. What would a Chinese Play Store look like? Aside from obvious language localization, the Chinese Google Play store would likely look quite similar to what we get in other markets, at least on the surface. A good precedent to turn to is the Apple AppStore. The Chinese version of the Apple AppStore still functions essentially the same as it would elsewhere, other than Apple is even stricter when it comes to the app approval process, ensuring that they closely follow all Chinese rules and regulations. The result of this is that Apple regularly removes apps at the behest of the Chinese government, with a higher profile example being the New York Times app back in 2015. Apple even removed some of its own services for movies, books, and the Apple News app that was introduced in iOS 9. The Chinese Google Play store would require a much deeper level of moderation than Google currently employs. The idea of Apple controlling app approvals and removals tightly is nothing new, but Google has historically had a much more lax hand. While they have turned to slightly tighter procedures in recent years, the Chinese Google Play store would require a much deeper level of moderation than Google currently employs. It is hard to say whether this would be handled by Google, NetEase, or both. It would require some pretty big changes though from Google Play’s normal operations. China is also notorious for malware, and so Google would have to greatly improve its approval processes to ensure that its store doesn’t become yet another malware-infested Chinese app store. Hell, even Apple has had some malware drama in China, and typically malware isn’t as much an issue for Apple.  As for the kind of apps you’d find? Again using Apple as an example, you’d find a healthy dose of both Chinese language and English language releases. That includes a number of higher profile apps and games that are currently not available officially in China. How Google and its partners would benefit from a Chinese Play store release The smartphone market has largely reached a point of saturation in many western markets. Sure, there’s still money to be made, but growth is much slower than it was in years past. In contrast, the Asian markets are booming and while Google is actively involved in India, China is a key piece of the profit puzzle and one that they are currently missing. According to a January report from Accenture, nearly three out of four Chinese consumers polled said they would buy new smartphones in 2017, up from 61% in 2016. Considering how large of a population is represented by China, this presents a huge opportunity for both OEMs and for Google itself. The more new phone owners out there, the more app interest. A highly controlled Google Play experience would also raise the quality of apps and services available for Android in China. For Google, it’s pretty obvious the money is there, if they can pull off creating a quality app store experience in China that stands apart from the competition. A highly controlled Google Play experience would also raise the quality of apps and services available for Android in China. This in turn would improve Android’s reputation in the country, giving Google and its OEMs an opportunity to steal further thunder away from Apple. According to IDC, Apple shipped 14.9 million units in Q4 2016, making it the 4th most successful vendor in China. A large part of the reason for Apple’s success in China is its position as a status symbol. That said, its reputation for greater security is an equally important motivator for Chinese buyers that fear the malware-ridden world of China’s Android app stores. Granted, not all of China’s Android app stores are unsafe, but it’s hard to deny that many of these storefronts have pretty mixed reputations. Considering Google already has partnerships with many Chinese OEMs like ZTE, Huawei, and OPPO, it would make sense that Google would attempt to extend this relationship into China. And by having Google Play’s (hopefully) more secure app store bundled out of the box, these OEMs would likely receive a boost when it comes to perceived security. This could help set these OEMs apart from Chinese smartphone makers that don’t play ball with Google, and could also eat away a little of Apple’s market share potentially. For app developers, Google Play’s presence in China also represents a huge opportunity. It is no secret that there are tons of app stores in China that are playgrounds to pirated apps. Consumers turn to these for a few reasons. First, it is sometimes the only way to get certain apps in China. Second, Chinese consumers tend to prefer free (or free to play apps), and so many of them will head to these seedier stores in order to get premium apps for free. If Google Play was in the equation, however? Knowing there was a safer, secure location to get these apps would possibly be enough to get Chinese consumers to buy them from official sources. Google could also work with these app developers to make specialized versions for China that either are cheaper or perhaps rely on in-app purchases instead. Obviously this is all speculation, but the point is that having a more official Android app store would have positive effects for developers that originate outside of China. The same goes for Chinese developers, as they’d had a more secure playground to place their apps. How would a Chinese Play store affect the Android ecosystem as a whole? The effects of having Google Play in China depend largely on how connected (or disconnected) the Chinese store and its developers are to the rest of the world. For example, this change could potentially give smaller Chinese developers the opportunity to release versions of their apps localized for other markets outside of China via Google Play, bringing new apps and experiences to those in the western world. Beyond that? If the Google Play store caught on in popularity, it could help to reduce the amount of malware floating around the web as lesser app stores shut down under the increased pressure from Google and the other more trusted Chinese app stores. This in turn would positively affect Android’s reputation globally as well. Additionally, smartphone manufacturers that partner with Google in China could enjoy a small boost in support or trust from global buyers, which would be especially important to companies like ZTE and Huawei, both of which are trying very hard to break into the western market in a big way. But is there even room for another app store in China? There are over 200 app stores in China. In the top ten positions you’ll find Myapp (Tencent), 360 Mobile Assistant, Baidu Mobile Assistant, MIUI App Store (Xiaomi), Huawei App Store, Oppo Store, Vivo, Wandoujia, HiMarket, and Anzhi Market. So can Google Play even stand out? It all comes down to the partnerships it is capable of forming. On one hand, OEMs like Huawei, ZTE, and OPPO have a history of working closely with Google. On the other hand, most major OEMs already have their own store front, and Huawei and Oppo’s stores are both among the top ten most popular. Would they really sacrifice advertising and promoting their own stores in favor of Google? It depends largely on what Google would offer them in return. Would OEMs really sacrifice advertising and promoting their own stores in favor of Google? It depends largely on what Google would offer them in return. First, if Google could brand their store as the most secure and carefully curated “Android app store” in China, there’s the potential reputation boost as already mentioned. Beyond that, Google could offer these OEMs perks that affect their operations outside of China like helping promote them to western markets or offering lower licensing fees for Google services in markets like the US. If Google Play could also serve as a stepping stone to eventually delivering other quality Google services (Drive, Gmail, etc), these drivers could also help Google stand out. Ultimately, we have our doubts that Google would be able to establish itself as king of the Android app stores anytime soon — if ever. The good news is that Google doesn’t need to. Even if Google merely established themselves in the top 25 within a few years, they’d be opening a massive market that currently they have limited interaction with. They’d also be opening the doors for tons of developers who currently don’t have relationships with any existing Chinese app stores. What do you think, should Google return to China? Let us know your thoughts in the comments. News China, Google Play China, Google Play Andrew Grush Andrew is one of the three Managing Editors of Android Authority, primarily responsible for the overseeing of US team of writers, in addition to several other projects such as VR Source and more. He loves tech, gaming, his family, and good conversations with like-minded folks. Show 2 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago57 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News HTC One A9 gets Android Nougat update on Sprint 49 minutes ago Here’s a look at the Huawei P10 in blue, gold and green 2 hours ago Google Phone 8.0 adds voicemail sharing and minor visual tweaks 2 hours ago Huawei may add to the already crowded field of voice-based digital assistants 6 hours ago LG G6 will have new UX for its 18:9 display, camera to have Square and Food m... 7 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Oracle Appeals Ruling in Java Infringement Dispute With Google       Oracle Appeals Ruling in Java Infringement Dispute With Google     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2017-02-15 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Oracle revives Java copyright infringement dispute with Google; Apple to Mark Smartphone Anniversary With 'iPhone X' Premium Handset; RSA Conference Panelists Split on Question of Paying Data Ransoms; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos Trump Administration Holds Back Executive Order on Cyber-Security DAILY VIDEO: White House withholds cyber-security order for further revision; Cortana to help Windows... Kaspersky Finds New Malware Designed to Hide in Memory, Steal Data DAILY VIDEO: Kaspersky discovers new malware designed to stealthily steal data; Microsoft to shield... U.S. Court Orders Google to Turn Over Data Stored on Overseas Servers DAILY VIDEO: Federal court says Google must turn over data in foreign servers; Cisco report: mobile... Leak of Windows 10 Cloud Suggests Microsoft Readying Chrome OS Fighter DAILY VIDEO: Windows 10 Cloud leak points to potential Chrome OS fighter; TiVo's analytics pinpoint... Google Shuts Down Short-Lived Hands Free Mobile Payment App DAILY VIDEO: Google drops hands free mobile payment app; Microsoft Outlook on iOS welcomes Evernote... Snap Inc. Files for an IPO Worth an Estimated $3 Billion DAILY VIDEO: Snap Inc. makes it official, will go public next month; Microsoft sharpens Edge browser... Google Wins Appeal of 'Right to Be Forgotten' Case in Japan DAILY VIDEO: Japan's supreme court backs Google in 'right to be forgotten' case; HPE acquires... Flock Updates Collaboration Platform With 'Fake News' Detector DAILY VIDEO: Flock adds "fake news" detector to collaboration platform; Google upgrades security... Ransomware Shuts Down 70 Percent of Washington Surveillance Cameras DAILY VIDEO: Ransomware takes out 70 percent of Washington DC security cameras; Microsoft's CEO, tech... Microsoft Sends Alert About PDF Documents Hiding Phishing Scams DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft warns of emails bearing crafty PDF phishing scams; Toshiba to spin off Flash... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Oracle Revives Java Copyright Infringement Dispute With Google Apple to Mark Smartphone Anniversary With 'iPhone X' Premium Handset RSA Conference Panelists Split on Question of Paying Data Ransoms Microsoft Enhances Security on Windows, Office and Azure Cloud       Here are your top news stories from eWEEK. Today's topics include Oracle’s revival of a copyright infringement lawsuit with Google, market speculation that Apple is planning to introduce three new iPhone models in 2017, the cyber-security recommendations of a panel of experts to defend against ransomware attacks and Microsoft’s security enhancements to its Windows, Office and Azure Cloud applications. Oracle has revived its long-standing Java copyright dispute with Google in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. In a massive 155-page appeal on Feb. 10, Oracle alleged that the U.S. District Court of Appeals for the Northern District of California repeatedly undermined its side of the story during a jury trial last year. The jury in that trial had concluded that Google’s Android operating system did not violate Java copyright. According to Oracle, the jury only reached that verdict because Oracle was prevented from presenting evidence at the trial showing all the markets where Android and Java overlapped. Apple is preparing to release three new iPhone models this fall, including a premium device designed to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, according to a leading mobile industry analyst. Apple will release two updates to the iPhone 7 and a new phone which may be called the iPhone 8 or it may be called the iPhone X, according to the leading analyst for Apple products, Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities. The iPhone X is expected to be a new premium phone that comes with a lot of innovations, including wireless charging, according to Kuo. The other two models are expected to be the typical second year updates of the features included in the iPhone 7 under the brand names iPhone 7S and iPhone 7S Plus. Ransomware will continue to cause pain for companies in 2017, but there continues to be no single successful strategy to prevent or reduce the damage caused by this disruptive malware, according to a panel of security experts at the RSA Conference in San Francisco. For many companies, backups will provide a reliable fall-back measure if the company’s data is encrypted via ransomware. Yet, recovering data from backups is expensive and not always successful, panel members asserted. There is no single measure to prevent a ransomware attack and no single product at the conference that will save a company from a ransomware infection, Gal Shpantzer, CEO of Security Outliers, told attendees. The IT industry's attention is laser focused on security this week as the RSA Conference 2017 conference gets underway this week in San Francisco. Just before the event kicked off, Microsoft announced on Feb. 10 several new offerings and product updates aimed at helping its customers fend off hackers and keep their data safe. Examples include the forthcoming addition of Windows Hello, the biometric login technology in Windows 10, to environments that take an on-premises Active Directory (AD) only approach to user identity and access management. Microsoft also offers Azure AD for cloud-based and hybrid-cloud implementations. The forthcoming Windows 10 Creators Update will also feature a Dynamic Lock function that automatically locks a user's PC when they step away from it. Customers seeking to secure their Azure hybrid cloud environments will soon have new Azure Security Center and Operations Management Suite options. Thanks for watching. Follow the links on this page to learn more about the stories mentioned in this broadcast. And check back every weekday for another Daily Tech Briefing from eWEEK.com.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows HPE Acquires Security Analytics Vendor Niara A Look at What's Next for Ubuntu Linux in 2017 Kaspersky Discovers New Malware Designed to Stealthily Steal Data Ransomware Takes Out 70 Percent of Washington DC Security Cameras Encryption for Data at Rest comes to Azure File Storage 10 Reasons Why Apple iPad Sales Conti... In a record-setting fourth quarter that saw Apple generate $78.4 bi... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > Features > Chromebooks beyond the cloud: Everything Chromeboo... Chromebooks beyond the cloud: Everything Chromebooks can do offline From productivity to playtime, offline Chromebooks aren't the useless hunks of plastic that they used to be. Brad Chacos, Derek Walter (PC World (US online)) on 16 February, 2017 07:58 0 - - - - print email Born as pure conduits to the web—showcases for Gmail, Drive, and other Google cloud services—Chromebooks have been stuck with a reputation that they’re useless offline. The basic complaint is that Chromebooks become nothing more than dumb, worthless, keyboard-equipped pieces of glass if your Internet dies off. While that may have been an accurate description of first-generation Chromebooks, it’s not the case today. The offline abilities of Chrome OS have skyrocketed since the first Googley laptops hit the streets, and now Chromebooks can tackle many of the most popular PC uses—from blasting out emails to working on spreadsheets to even just playing movies—completely offline. Further reading: Chromebook power tips Such capabilities may not be obvious at first, and it may take some work to ensure what you want is available offline. But we’ve got your back. Here’s a guide to everything you can do offline with a Chromebook, complete with instructions on how to set it all up. Back to basics Let’s start with the cornerstones of the Chromebook experience. Google’s email and productivity solutions live and breathe on the web, but enabling their offline options lets you tinker with files and sift through your inbox away from the Internet. You can then sync all your changes when connectivity kicks back in. PCWorld Install Gmail offline to access your messages if you’re not connected to Wi-Fi. Chrome OS’s Gmail app doesn’t include offline capabilities natively, but that’s quickly fixed by downloading and activating Google’s Gmail Offline app, which mimes the look of the mobile Gmail apps. It will locally synchronize your messages and actions, which you’ll then be able to access while offline by opening the Gmail Offline app via an icon in Chrome’s New Tab page, or by selecting Gmail Offline in the Chrome App Launcher. PCWorld The menu options that allow you to activate Drive’s offline capabilities on a Chromebook. Enabling offline productivity is just as easy. Simply open Google Drive, then click the gear icon in the upper-right corner and select Settings. Open the General tab and check the box next to “Sync your work to this computer so that you can edit offline.” Presto! The process is even quicker with Google Calendar. Open it in-browser, click the gear icon and select the Offline option. Then, click the Enable button in the pop-up that appears. Calendar’s pretty much only good for viewing your schedule while offline, though—you can’t create or edit events. PCWorld Your Google Calendar can be accessed offline with a simple tweak in the settings. Things are even simpler if you use Keep— Google’s rival to Evernote and OneNote —to store your random musings. Keep automatically lets you peruse your stash and whip up new notes even when you’re offline. However, not all of the data you generate on your Chromebook lives in discrete apps. Chrome OS includes tools for working with local files, and those tools work just fine offline. You can view PDFs, view or edit Office files, play music and movies, and both view and lightly edit images offline. You’ll find your local files in the Files app. PCWorld From the files app you can see which of your content is available for viewing or editing offline. Just double-click on one to open it in the appropriate file viewer. Google has also made a number of improvements to the Gallery app that makes it a more capable image editor. One more thing: To access a webpage while offline, use the Save as PDF option, found under the Chrome menu’s print section. It’ll save the page to your Chromebook’s local storage. Some websites, however, may appear with wonky formatting and be cumbersome to read. Android apps improve the game The biggest boon to offline productivity comes with the addition of Android apps, courtesy of the Google Play Store. Just like on an Android smartphone or tablet, many apps cache data on the device so you can keep working if disconnected from the Internet. For example, Adobe Comp CC works completely offline, allowing you to create graphics or edit images.  PCWorld Adobe Comp empowers you to do design work while offline. Also, Microsoft Outlook lets you view your messages when disconnected from the Internet. The real work (like replying or archiving) needs to wait until you’re back online, but it’s better than a blank screen. PCWorld Outlook for Android keeps you connected to email while your Chromebook is offline. Most Android apps are still designed with phones primarily in mind, but they might offer useful offline capabilities. The Play Store will be available on all Chromebooks released in 2017 onward. It’s coming to a limited batch of existing notebooks—check the running list updated by Google. Kick back and relax Chrome OS’s offline chops aren’t limited to work-related functions. You can take your play offline, too. And no, it’s not just limited to slapping a thumb drive stuffed with movies into your Chromebook’s USB port. Chromebooks support offline movie and TV show playback for Google Play, the company’s app and media marketplace. Any content you’ve purchased through the service can now be saved locally—at least if you’re using a Chromebook. Just look for the small, gray download icon at the bottom of a listing; clicking it saves the film for offline viewing. Note that you’ll need to install the separate Google Play Movies & TV app to see the option. PCWorld Google Play Movies can save your favorite programming offline. Stingy storage specs help keep Chromebook prices lows, but you’ll want to keep an eye on your available space, and be diligent about removing movies you’ve already watched. Going into the Play Store app’s settings and unchecking the “Prefer high quality audio” button can help stretch capacity. As for music, Spotify’s Android app works well on Chromebooks. You can download a playlist for offline listening if you have a subscription. Google Play Music has a similar capability, but I found the Android app to be buggy and inconsistent compared to the Chrome version. PCWorld Spotify brings offline listening to your Chromebook. Literary fans will want to check out Amazon’s Kindle Cloud reader. This app automatically downloads the book you’re currently reading so it’s available offline. You can also manually save books for offline reading. Open the offline floodgates Chrome Apps run in their own window, separate from the browser. While Android apps are finding their way to Chrome OS, for the time being it’s still Chrome Packaged Apps that offer the best level of polish. Chrome apps are infused with proprietary Chrome APIs, which grants them access to your laptop’s hardware and essentially transforms them into traditional desktop software, complete with discrete out-of-browser windows, full offline capabilities, and the ability to utilize local storage and resources. Chrome is ending support for apps on Windows, Mac, and Linux, but they will remain for Chrome OS. PCWorld The Chrome Web Store highlights apps that will work even if you’re offline. The Chrome Web Store’s ”For Your Desktop” section houses the available Chrome Apps, augmented by an even larger offline-enabled section. Of particular note, the Polarr is a powerful photo-editing tool, and the Pocket read-it-later app is a stellar resource for folks who loathe saving whole webpages for offline viewing. So there you have it: Chromebooks are stuffed with all sorts of offline functionality, provided you know where to look—and now you do!  We’re Hooked on Our Devices, But Can We Handle the Eye Strain? More from Essilor Australia Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Brad Chacos, Derek Walter PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Essentials Linksys AC5400 MU-MIMO Gigabit router Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive Learn more > Microsoft L5V-00027 Sculpt Ergonomic Keyboard Desktop Learn more > Epson EcoTank Expression ET-2500 Learn more > Everki ContemPRO Roll Top Laptop Backpack Learn more > Smart LED Bulb LB130 Learn more > UE Boom 2 Bluetooth speaker Learn more > Samsung portable 1TB T3 drive Learn more > Mobile Surface Book Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S45 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Logitech G403 Prodigy mouse Learn more > Lexar® Portable SSD  Learn more > 3SIXT Ultra HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Acer Swift 7 Learn more > Google Daydream VR headset Learn more > Belkin MIXIT Metallic Lightning to USB Cable Learn more > Huawei Mate 9 Learn more > Exec Surface Pro 4 Learn more > Dell Inspiron 5000 series 2-in-1 Learn more > Dell XPS 13 laptop Learn more > Blade 28 backpack by Arc’teryx Learn more > HD Pan/Tilt Wi-Fi Camera with Night Vision NC450 Learn more > HP Pavilion x360 13” Learn more > Dell P2715Q Learn more > Garmin Fenix Chronos smartwatch Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20c USB Type-C flash drive  Learn more > Audio-Technica ATH-ANC70 Noise Cancelling Headphones Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1800x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards  Learn more > Budget Oppo R9s Learn more > Canon EOS 1300d Learn more > Smart Wi-Fi Plug HS110 Learn more > Boost Mobile SIM Learn more > Evapolar USB air conditioner review Learn more > Samsung 960 EVO M.2 hard drive Learn more > Jabra Sport Pace earbuds Learn more > Lifeproof Fre phone case Learn more > Back To Business Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Star Wars Death Star Bluetooth levitating rotating speaker review 2 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 3 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 4 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 5 ​Panasonic Viera DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review Latest News Articles ​Venom Blackbook Zero 14 laptop review Apple smartphones outsold Samsung's in Q4 What happens if your thermostat is hacked? Researchers name the top 7 security threats Chromebooks beyond the cloud: Everything Chromebooks can do offline War of the Worlds Episode 4: VR gloves, Samsung's ongoing battery problems, Snapchat TV, and more Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Michael Hargreaves Dell XPS 13 I’d happily recommend this touchscreen laptop and Windows 10 as a great way to get serious work done at a desk or on the road. Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content How to quit Pokemon Go (or to start enjoying it again) Japan's pop culture, anime-friendly, J-Pop shrine, Kanda Myojin The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTIT Information Security AdvisorNSW FTExecutive Sales ManagerVIC TPPMO SchedulerNSW CCWorkbrain Functional ExpertWA FTPart Time - IT Service Desk AnalystVIC FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Technical ArchitectVIC CCIT Project ManagerNSW FTNode.js/API DeveloperNSW TPBusiness AnalystNSW CCVisual Designer / eLearning DeveloperACT FTDynamics AX Functional ConsultantQLD TPTechnical Business AnalystVIC FTSAP BW ConsultantACT CCPMO Analyst - Financial ServicesNSW FTLife/400 Resource - PermanentNSW FTJunior / Entry Level IT role - Recent IT TAFE GraduateNSW TPProject Technical LeadQLD TPGIS Developer - 6 month ContractQLD CCAgile CoachNSW FTIT Procurement AdvisorQLD FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Finance ConsultantWA FTDynamics AX Functional ConsultantVIC CCApplication Developer - FileNetQLD FTSenior .Net Developer with Silverlight proficiencyVIC CCSenior Solution ArchitectQLD Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal computerworld.com.au US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au CSC wins landmark South Australian Government IT outsourcing deal arnnet.com.au CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 February 2017 cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us New Google Phone app teardown reveals RCS calling features +4,850 Ashley King Feb 15th, 2017 As usual, Google has updated the Google Phone app without releasing an official changelog, so it’s up to those doing APK teardowns to discover all the juicy bits and what’s new. So far, Android Police has discovered two minor changes to the app and a few hints about what could be coming in the future. First up, voicemails can now be shared directly inside the app. According to the report, this feature will only work in cases where the Phone app has integration with voicemail, which is how Project Fi works. It’s unclear whether this will work directly with Google Voice or not. Secondly, a small fix for the color of the new contact quick shortcut icon brings it in line with the new color of the Phone icon. The most interesting part of this update is that AP’s teardown has revealed that Google could be working on adding RCS calling features to the app. Rich Communication Services is what we’ll be using in the future to replace SMS and MMS with more modern standards, but carriers are working on RCS video calling systems. The teardown reveals that Google seems to be working on a feature that allows users to send an image and initiate a call with another person, most likely with the sent image serving as the cover image for the voice call. local_offer    android apps   Google   Phone   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Google wants to add calling feature to Google Home The 128GB Black Pixel XL is back in stock YouTube update brings new content suggestion to fullscreen videos Google under investigation for anti-competitive practices with Android Google Assistant is coming to Sony Bravia TVs stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGet a free pizza from T-Mobile and Papa John's closeGet some free pizza courtesy of Papa John’s and T-Mobile Tuesdays Starting on February 14th, and lasting for 4 weeks, T-Mobile has partnered with Papa John’s to give T-Mobile Tuesday users a free large pizza and 25% off regular menu orders. 2 more_vertThe Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirety closeThe Moto G5 Plus has been confirmed after showing up via an online retailer The upcoming Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirely after the device was published through an online retailer. The listing confirms many of the rumors regarding the device. 3 more_vertYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T closeYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T, but you’ll have to wait The 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T is now available for purchase, despite the device not shipping for 8 days. The 128GB variant is priced at $479, compared to $439 for the 64GB version. 4 more_vertDEAL: Get a tablet for free from T-Mobile closeT-Mobile is offering 2 free tablets for joining T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile is offering either a free Samsung Tab E or LG G Pad X 8.0 when purchasing the tablet through installment plans and signing up for T-Mobile ONE with at least 6GB of data. 5 more_vertVerizon brings back unlimited data plans closeVerizon surprisingly reintroduces Unlimited Data plans starting at $80 per month Verizon has announced it will be introducing an unlimited data plan for $80 per month, starting tomorrow, February 13th. 6 more_vertHow to remove apps closeHow to remove unwanted apps from your Android phone If you’re using an Android phone that isn’t a Pixel, there’s a pretty good chance it came with a bunch of pre-loaded apps that you have no intention of ever using. Thankfully, you can now remove almost any app. 7 more_vertHow to turn off screen overlay closeWhat to do when you get the annoying “screen overlay detected” message Android has gotten a lot more user-friendly over the years, but there are still some things that can leave users scratching their heads. One of the most annoying recent Android problems is the “screen overlay detected” message. 8 more_vertGoogle and Amazon prepare to battle it out in 2017 closeGoogle may have to play catchup with Amazon’s Alexa Amazon’s Alexa stole the show at CES 2017 and this may be cause for concern for Google’s planned expansion of Google Assistant. 9 more_vertPre-order the Samsung Chromebook Plus closeThe new Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order The Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order for $499 from Amazon, Best Buy, Newegg, and the Google Store. The Chromebook Plus launches on Feb. 13th. 10 more_vertEverything we know about the LG G6 closeHere’s everything we know so far about the LG G6 With Mobile World Congress 2017 looming, we take a look at all of the rumors surrounding the LG G6 and what could be coming from LG’s 2017 flagship. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google Home and Amazon Echo might add voice-calling features Newsby John Callaham10 hours ago 3 147 5 The Google Home and Amazon Echo connected speakers can already handle voice commands to answer queries like, “What’s the weather today?” or “Play my favorite song.” Now a new report claims both companies are working to add voice-calling features to those speakers as well. See also: How to set up and use Google Home November 7, 2016 According to The Wall Street Journal, via unnamed sources, the plan is to update both speakers so they can both make and receive phone calls. While the current plan is to update those devices with the calling features later this year, the article says it won’t be as simple as offering a downloadable upgrade. The story says that there are concerns about privacy with such features, including the possible ability for connected speakers to record phone conversations. The Amazon Echo speakers would store just the numbers that are called as well as the length of each call, if such features were added. It’s not yet clear what would be stored if the Google Home speaker added calling features, but the article points out that the company’s Google Voice app says it keeps the phone number, length of each call, SMS messages, voice mails and any calls users have recorded themselves. The article says that, if voice calling features are added, the Home and Echo speakers would most likely use a VoIP-based online system. It’s possible that the speakers might access a third-party VoIP system, such as Microsoft’s Skype. See also: What voice commands can I use with Google Home? Yet another barrier is adding 911 call support for emergencies. Currently, most internet-based call services cannot contact 911. Also, it’s not clear if calls made through these speakers would be accessible to law enforcement to wiretap conversation, which is required by phone companies. Based on this report, it sounds like it will be much easier to add these features to the Home and Echo, and much harder to jump through the hoops that will be needed to satisfy privacy concerns, as well as emergency and law enforcement needs. So don’t expect them to be added for a little while. News Google Home, Amazon Echo Amazon Echo, Google Home  The Wall Street Journal John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 3 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago57 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News Here’s a look at the Huawei P10 in blue, gold and green 36 minutes ago Google Phone 8.0 adds voicemail sharing and minor visual tweaks 1 hour ago Huawei may add to the already crowded field of voice-based digital assistants 5 hours ago LG G6 will have new UX for its 18:9 display, camera to have Square and Food m... 6 hours ago Clash of Clans developer Supercell may not launch a new game in 2017 6 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 59 21 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Google Fiber names new boss, sheds staff Gregory McCray is the new CEO of Access, the Alphabet subsidiary that oversees Google Fiber. Post to Facebook Google Fiber names new boss, sheds staff Gregory McCray is the new CEO of Access, the Alphabet subsidiary that oversees Google Fiber.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2lkJ61n {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Google Fiber names new boss, sheds staff Jessica Guynn , USA TODAY 4:14 p.m. ET Feb. 15, 2017 Google Fiber has a new boss. (Photo: Google Fiber) 59 CONNECTTWEET 21 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE SAN FRANCISCO — Google Access, the Alphabet subsidiary that oversees Google Fiber, has a new boss: Broadband executive Gregory McCray. The top job at Google Access has been vacant since October when Craig Barratt abruptly announced his resignation. Alphabet said at the time that it had halted expansion plans for Fiber, its ultra-high-speed Internet initiative. The halt fueled speculation that Alphabet may sell off Google Fiber. Bloomberg reported Wednesday that Access is shedding several hundred employees who are moving over to positions at Google. Google Fiber did not directly respond to those reports on Wednesday. "We’re thrilled that Greg has agreed to join as CEO, to drive this innovation and to grow the business," Google Fiber said in an emailed statement. Google Fiber halts rollout; top exec leaves McCray, formerly the CEO of telecom services provider Aereo Communications, also sits on the board of telecom company CenturyLink, which the tech industry news outlet The Information said could be a buyer for Google Fiber. “Google Fiber has been instrumental making the web faster and better for everyone — something I’ve been passionate about my entire career. I’m thrilled to lead Access as we continue in our mission to connect more people to abundant access, on networks that are always fast and always open," McCray said in a statement. Fiber is striving to bring Internet speeds of one gigabit per second to cities around the country, but progress has been slow. Google Fiber is in eight metropolitan areas and is committed to building in another four. It has been rethinking how it delivers speedy broadband access, shifting to wireless, a less expensive alternative to digging up streets and laying down fiber cables. "Google Fiber remains focused on our customers and cities. We want to bring Google Fiber to customers faster, so we’re focused on making deployment more efficient and less intrusive," Google Fiber said in a statement. 59 CONNECTTWEET 21 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2lkJ61n NEVER MISS OUT Tech Be the earliest adopter. Know what’s in, what’s out, and what’s awesome before anyone else does, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Tech NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Is Google’s Fuchsia OS the key to merge Android and Chrome OS or not? Newsby John Callaham11 hours ago 6 231 9 In August 2016, word got out that Google had very quietly started working on an new operating system with the name Fuchsia. A few weeks after that news hit, rumors also began appearing online about another Google OS project, Andromeda. Those reports claimed that it was designed to be a hybrid of Android and Chrome OS, and that an early version was running internally at Google on the Nexus 9 tablet. Rumors about Google showing a preview of Andromeda at its Pixel press event in October were proven later to be false, but another report claims that a laptop with Andromeda could launch sometime in the third quarter of 2017. See also: Samsung Chromebook Pro review 6 days ago Since then, there’s been little to no news about either Fuchsia or Andromeda, but this week a new report from analyst Daniel Matte on his blog Tech Specs claims that he has found evidence that the two operating systems are in fact one and the same. More specifically, he claims that Fuchsia may be the actual merged version of Android and Chrome OS, while speculating that Andromeda could be the name of the first version of Fuchsia that will launch publicly: To my naive eyes, rather than saying Chrome OS is being merged into Android, it looks more like Android and Chrome OS are both being merged into Fuchsia. In Gary Sims’ excellent look at the Fuchsia OS back in August, he said that the “purposes and goals of Fuchsia are still a mystery” but in his opinion, he didn’t think it would be a replacement for either Android or Chrome OS, nor was it being made as a desktop OS to rival Windows or OS X. However, Matte says that Fuchsia can run on ARM, MIPS, and Intel x86 processors, which would seem to suggest that it could run on devices as small as smartphones and as large as big screen PCs. He adds: My best guess is that Android as an API and runtime will live on as a legacy environment within Andromeda. That’s not to say that all development of Android would immediately stop, which seems extremely unlikely. Matte ultimately believes that elements of both Android and Chrome OS will actually be put into Fuchsia-Andromeda. Is he correct? As we stated before, our own Gary Sims didn’t think Fuchsia was going to be that merged OS when he actually had it up and running in August. Things seem to be way too underbaked to make any assumptions at the moment, so only time will tell if he will be proven to be correct. Keep in mind that Google is already trying to merge Android with Chrome OS in a limited way, by letting all new Chromebooks released in 2017 run Android apps. Also, Google said we can expect smaller tablet devices to use Chrome OS sometime in the future, and they will also be able to run Android apps. News Google, Andromeda, Fuchsia Andromeda, Fuchsia, Google  Tech Specs John Callaham John was a newspaper reporter before becoming a technology and video/PC gaming writer in 2000. He lives in Greer, SC with his wife and five cats. Show 6 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago57 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News HTC One A9 gets Android Nougat update on Sprint 48 minutes ago Here’s a look at the Huawei P10 in blue, gold and green 2 hours ago Google Phone 8.0 adds voicemail sharing and minor visual tweaks 2 hours ago Huawei may add to the already crowded field of voice-based digital assistants 6 hours ago LG G6 will have new UX for its 18:9 display, camera to have Square and Food m... 7 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 Blenders Coffee Machines Cookers Dishwashers Fans Freezers More Fridge Freezers Fridges Garden Tools Irons Kettles Kitchen Gadgets Microwaves Mixers Ovens Personal Care Smart Home Steam Cleaners Toasters Tumble Dryers Vacuum Cleaners Washer Dryers Washing Machines Trending: Nintendo Switch Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S8 Google Pixel iPhone 8 Home / News / Smart Home News / Amazon Echo and Google Home to drive final nail in the home phone’s coffin? Amazon Echo and Google Home to drive final nail in the home phone’s coffin? by Chris Smith 11 hours ago 0 shares Read Comments Both Google and Amazon are reportedly working on technology that would enable Echo and Home owners to use the smart speakers as home telephones. According to a report from the Wall Street Journal, the tech giants are seeking to integrate tech that would make it possible to make and receive calls. The WSJ’s ‘people familiar with the matter’ claim the tech could be introduced this year. Related: Google Home review The idea seems to be to make use of both firm’s communication platforms. Google has Voice, Hangouts, Allo and Duo (at last count) and Amazon just introduced a video chat app called Chime. It wouldn’t take too much for voice calling to be added to devices that already enable conversational chat between owners and Google Assistant and Alexa AI platforms. The report says the Home and Echo speakers could even have their own VoIP phone numbers, that would essentially replace the user’s landline in many cases. There’d also be the opportunity to sync an existing number (such as Google Voice, perhaps) and a contacts list to the speakers. The multi-directional microphones on both devices would enable users to hold conversations from multiple locations in the room without the need to carry a phone around with them. The biggest (only?) hurdle to making this happen, according to the WSJ report, are the ancient telephone regulations and the challenges of connecting VoIP platforms to the emergency services. All that being said, anyone with an Amazon Echo or Google Home speaker in their house probably jibbed a home phone years ago. Have you snapped up an Echo since it landed in the UK? Or are you waiting to see what Google Home has to offer? Drop us a line below. Latest Deals From Ebay Amazon Echo Dot 2nd Generation 2016 - Black $64.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Yesterday GOOG: 818.98 -1.47 9to5Toys Lunch Break: Moto G4 Play 16GB $105, WD 4TB External Hard Drive $95, Google Home $104, more Stephen Hall - Feb. 15th 2017 11:13 am PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Best Buy extra $25 off $100+ w/ Visa Checkout: Moto G4 Play $105, WD 4TB Ext. Hard Drive $95, Powerbeats3 $125, Google Home $104, more Amazon 1-Day Networking/Storage Sale from $20: NETGEAR Dual Band Router $67, 2-Pack Kingston 32GB Thumb Drives $23, much more Bose SoundTrue II Around-Ear Headphones for Apple devices: now on sale for $90 shipped (Reg. $120+) Apple’s robust 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar + Kensington USB-C Dock: $2,179 shipped ($2,579 value, Tax NY only) Apple iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case in Black or White: on sale for $85 shipped (Reg. $99) Verizon announces trade-in program that nets a free iPhone 7/Plus or Google Pixel (and others) for new Unlimited users 9to5Rewards: Grado’s Brooklyn-made SR325e Over-Ear Headphones [Giveaway] The entire GO Trilogy on iOS for just $2 today: Hitman, Lara Croft and Deus Ex (Reg. $5+) Infinity Blade 2 on iOS is available for free today for the first time in over 6 months (Reg. $7) LEGO Batman Beyond Gotham for iOS gets its very first price drop: $1 (Reg. $5) App Store Free App of the Week: Chameleon Run and its high-paced platforming go free MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Daily Deals: Dell UltraSharp 24-inch 1080p Monitor w/ USB 3.0 Hub $200, Westinghouse 40-inch 1080p HDTV $155, more Smartphone Accessories: Mpow Universal Bike iPhone/Android mount $10, more Timbuk2’s Leader Backpack has room for a 15-inch MacBook and more: $40 (Reg. $79) Games/Apps: Xbox One S Minecraft Bundle from $210, iOS freebies, more VUDU ‘Psycho Savings’ sale gets you 3 HD horror titles to own for just $15: Bates Motel, more Light up the lawn with Mpow Solar Lights: Owl Spotlight $24 (Reg. $30), more Luma’s Wi-Fi System will take your network to the next level: 2-pack $249 (Reg. $299) Deals for the at-home chef: Blue Apron Three Meal Bundle $27 (Reg. $60), and more Stock up on style this week – 50% off everything at J.Crew Factory You can grab a 1-year sub to Architectural Digest w/ digital iPad access for just $6 + more Keep your brews cold on the go: Stanley 64-ounce Steel Growler and Vacuum Pint for $19 MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: LG’s 55-inch OLED UHDTV lets you enjoy your favorite movies and shows in stunning 4K for $1,399 shipped (Reg. $2,000) Harman Kardon’s 7.2-Ch. A/V Receiver does it all: 4K, AirPlay, Bluetooth and more for $250 shipped (Orig. $550) Document the action: certified refurb GoPro HERO4 Silver Edition Camera for $200 shipped (Orig. $400) Canon Pixma All-In-One Color Printer is only $19 Gift Card Deals: up to $10 in free Best Buy money TP-Link 802.11ac Wi-Fi Range Extender $23 11-inch Electric Farberware Skillet is under $10 Fujitsu Rechargeable Battery Kit $25.50, more Keyton Portable Ice Maker for $70 (Orig. $250) Vera Bradley’s Campus Backpacks for $30 (Reg. $50) Mpow Thor Bluetooth Headphones $19, more Brenthaven Collins Shoulder Bag: $20 (Reg. $55) Eddie Bauer Sale: save up to 40% off sitewide Cuisinart 12-Piece Advantage Knife Set w/ blade covers $15 Stainless steal Apple Watch band $12 Prime shipped Logitech’s Advanced Harmony Touchscreen Remote $200 Vantrue 1080p Dash Cam $53 or  X1 for $80 Numark Mixtrack DJ Controller $99 (Reg. $150) 27″ 1080p Monitors w/ HDMI $140 (Reg. $200), more 2-pack Outdoor Motion Sensing Lights $30, more Travel-sized Single Serve Brewing System for just $24 Large 2-Topping Pizza from Domino’s $6 (Reg. $15) Samsung 55-inch 4K Smart Ultra HDTV, get it for $500 Aukey Quick Charge 3.0 5-Port USB Charging Station $22 ‘An Introduction to APIs’ Kindle eBook free (Reg. $1) NETGEAR’s 802.11ac Extender for $30 (Reg. $40+) LG’s Stylo Android Smartphone: $50 (Reg. $100) Google Chromecast 4K Streaming $59 shipped Cuisinart 2-lb Bread Maker for $64 Sharp 65-inch Curved 4K Smart Ultra HDTV $1,149 Fossil is discounting its Q Smartwatches by 25% NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Pad & Quill’s new line of full-grain leather men’s wallets are built to last you a decade Philips’ latest Moda monitor has a stunning design with ultra-thin bezels PixlPlay turns your old iPhone or Android device into a kid-friendly camera The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild is getting two expansion packs later this year Hayo brings augmented reality control to Hue lighting, Sonos, and your smart home Stark is a minimal iOS/Android Smartwatch with incredible battery life Herbert’s unique wall-mount garden will have you growing fresh herbs all winter long Shoot iPhone video like a pro with Fancy the “world’s smallest” stabilizer for smartphones The Brilliant Smart Home Control System turns any light switch into a touchscreen hub PlayStation 4 has never looked so elegant: the new TOAST real wood covers Bang & Olufsen introduces a new pair of “affordable” wireless headphones, but it’ll still cost you The RetroBlox gaming console can play all your old Nintendo, Sega, PlayStation, Atari cartridges The Orb outfits your home with Danish-designed, intelligent lighting Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google’s virus-scanning Verify Apps feature for Android now reveals its secrets Kyle Wiggers Digital TrendsFebruary 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share verify apps list update android quadrooter flawMore Googls’ Verify Apps feature is a valuable tool against folks who mean your phone — and the data it contains — serious harm. Since the Mountain View, California-based search giant introduced it in 2012 as a part of Android version 4.2 Jelly Bean’s new security feature, Verify Apps has played an active roll in checking Android software against a growing database of malware, exploits, and other nasty viruses. But it’s done so a little too quietly for some folks’ taste, apparently. That’s why in the interest of transparency, Verify Apps will begin reporting a list of the apps it’s most recently scanned. It’s a change first spotted by Android Police. A new version of Verify Apps shows the four applications that have been most recently scanned in a carousel menu, accessible by launching the Android Settings menu, tapping the Google option, and selecting the Security tab. Other newly exposed details include the time when the scan was completed, along with a toggle that “improves detection” by permitting Google to copy unknown apps and an option to disable Verify Apps altogether. More: Top 5 Android security apps: Do they protect you? According to Android Police, the update is being delivered as part of a new Google Play Services, a core Android component that synchronizes contacts, provides access to privacy settings, powers location-based services, and updates Google apps. Devices with version 10.0.x of the service lack the new carousel and settings menu, but those running 10.2.x do have it. Updates to Google Play Services are distributed via the Google Play Store, Android’s app marketplace. At the RSA security conference in San Francisco on Wednesday, Google announced that Verify Apps scans more than 750 million Android devices each day, checking as many as 6 billion apps for malware. But that’s not all Google’s been doing to ensure Android devices remain safe and secure. The search giant has worked with 351 wireless carriers to improve the time it takes to test security patches before deploying them to users, an effort that’s resulted in a reduction of the software approval process from six to nine weeks to just a week. It’s doled out $1 million to independent security researchers, an amount that’s on track to reach $2 million next year. And it’s pursued an aggressive strategy of encryption — as of December 2016, 80 percent of Android 7.x (Nougat) users use encryption. More: Security experts find 43 Android phone brands affected by Chinese spyware Adrian Ludwig, director of Android security at Google, said social engineering — attacks that fool a user into installing an app that compromises his or her device’s security — as one of the biggest challenges facing app developers today. “People don’t want to think about security,” he told members of the press at Wednesday’s RSA conference. “They just want it to be that way.” How to install Flash on an Android phone or tablet Popular Android remote app AirDroid is vulnerable to hacks ‘Gooligan’ Android malware affects more than 1 million Google accounts Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next The LG G6 might beat the Galaxy S8 where it matters most BGR News Make The Switch Now SpectrumSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech You should be excited about the iPhone 8 even if you hate the iPhone BGR News Unlimited plans: Verizon, T-Mobile, AT&T and Sprint, compared CNET New Single-Family Homes in Burtonsville, MD Ryan HomesSponsored Astronomers just found a piping hot ‘Super Earth’ BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance

Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryGoogle Home and Amazon Echo Could Become Your New Home Phone Next StoryMost Underrated Galaxy S8 Launch Happening: Death of MicroUSB by Tim-o-tato on Feb 15, 2017 @timotato Accessories News Home Share this Story Tim’s Favorite Tech Stuff Right Now Before I got into Android, I wasn’t an overly tech-centric person. I had a few gaming consoles back in the day for playing GTA and other various titles, but to my point, I’ve never had a water-cooled PC called “n00b st0mp3r” or even a real smartphone until 2009. This can all be attributed, at least from what I can tell, to where and how I was raised as a child. I’m originally from a county in Northern California where trends can take years to reach, but given the internet age we currently live in, it’s getting much better there and more connected to the outside world.  Anyway, fast forward to 2017 and I’m on the front lines of innovation *laugh*, hanging out at CES, discussing industry buzzwords like IoT and getting to play with all of the latest and greatest toys available on the market. Needless to say, I’m now more attune to what’s taking place in the tech space and I very much enjoy the connectedness of it all. So, now that I’m all in love with technology and have implemented much of it into my life, I wanted to share my favorite pieces of tech I currently use and maybe inspire you to do the same in the comments below. Not all of it is related to Android, but just tech in general. Here we go. Propel’s Star Wars Battle Drone While we have yet to implement aerial drone footage in our video reviews (don’t think it’ll ever happen), I still enjoy playing with drones during my personal time. Recently launched are the Star Wars Battle Drones from Propel, right up my alley as a Star Wars nerd. While these drones are designed to essentially battle each other with built-in lasers (laser tag style), I enjoy flying mine around solo. According to the tech specs, these drones can reach up to 35MPH, but I haven’t gotten quite comfortable enough to bump the controls up to Mode 3. It would also be helpful if we caught a bit of decent drone-flying weather up in Portland, so I may be waiting until summer time to really let her loose in the field. If you go onto YouTube and check out other peoples’ flights, you will see that the entire unboxing and setting up experience is a blast. Everything, including your flights, are paired with Star Wars music and voices, perfect for fans who suffer from severe nostalgia. Even the process of putting batteries into the controller is met with voice guidance from a Rebel Commander. Below is what you experience when first opening the box. If you happen to be into Star Wars and into drones, this purchase is a no-brainer. Only downside is that it’ll cost you $199 for one, and technically, they’re much more fun when you have two (laser tag multiplayer battles). That experience starts at $400, making it not the cheapest drone you can find. However, buyers do have their choice between a 74-Z Speeder, T-65 X-Wing, and TIE Advanced X1. May the Force be with you. Propel Link ($199) Aukey Dash Cam I have been thinking about installing a dash cam in my car for quite some time, and what really inspired me to do so are all of the videos on YouTube of people capturing amazing incidents on camera. In reality, I don’t think anyone really needs a dash cam until something actually happens to you or in front of you, so I see it as more of a “better safe than sorry” type of investment. To put that into perspective, what I’m saying is, 99% of the footage you capture will probably be quite dull, but then there’s that 1% that will kick ass or come in handy if an accident is involved. Speaking purely about the Aukey Dash Cam, which Aukey provided for me to check out, it does its job and it does it quite well. It can record in up to 1080p with a 170° FOV (field of view), and its storage capacity it based solely on the size of microSD card you supply. Should you want a ton of footage, you can throw a 128GB card in the slot. If you don’t think you do that much driving, a 32GB should suit you just fine. For me, I use a 32GB and can get plenty of footage. When I have a clip I want to share, I simply stick the SD card into my phone and can either upload to Google Drive or YouTube directly. It’s a pretty straightforward experience. The Dash Cam is also capable of recording your vehicle’s interior audio, but I did notice the mic is somewhat weak. At least for me, my car doesn’t provide the best insulation from road noise, so that’s also part of the problem. Below is a bit of not-so-interesting test footage I’ve taken of both day and night driving, some with audio enabled and some without. I suppose it’s a good thing it’s uneventful, but you never know when having a dash cam might come in handy. If you have also been looking to get a dash cam, the Aukey product is on sale through Amazon, priced at $70 down from $90. Amazon Link ($70) Google Home and Amazon Echo I get asked quite a bit by family and friends if they should choose the Google Home or Amazon Echo. Honestly, I enjoy them both, and the only reason I stick with Google Home is because of my subscription and music library being synced with Play Music. If that wasn’t the case, maybe I’d rock an Echo. Point being, you can’t go wrong with either of them, and both will only get better as time goes on. While I will be the first to admit that I probably don’t use the Google Home to its full potential, I will say, having such a fancy music speaker slash kitchen timer is quite nice. When fully hands-on in the kitchen, it’s good not having to lift a finger when in need of setting a timer for when that apple pie needs to be removed from the oven. There’s another part of me that also enjoys the look on a guest’s face when they hear a woman’s voice coming from an unoccupied part of the house. “What the f@#%,” is usually their reaction and then I have to explain what Google Home is. By the time I’m done explaining everything it can do, they usually seem likely to buy one for their own home. I love that feeling. Anyone reading this probably knows about Google Home, so I won’t dive too deep into the experience (we also have a complete review of the thing), but if you have been on the fence about either a Home or Echo, just go for it. They’re a blast. Google Home: Google Store Link ($129) | Amazon Echo: Amazon Link ($179) Google WiFi I have had Google WiFi hooked up for nearly a month now, and seriously, it’s fantastic. I’m new to this whole mesh network thing, but so far, it’s been great. While I have been noticing much improved connection and speeds where I have placed the access points, it’s the smaller things I have enjoyed immensely. In the past, whenever guests would come over, I’d typically have to provide them with my main WiFi password. This would then allow them access to cast their crappy music or YouTube videos to my media system. I’m sorry, but your taste in music sucks and I’m so burned out on James Corden and Carpool Karaoke. Needless to say, with Google WiFi and the super easy process of setting up a Guest network with its own name and password, they can get their Instagram and Snapchat on, while still not being able to access my treasured network of goodies. On top of that, the idea that I can see each and every device that is drawing data on the network, complete with names and which point they are connected to, makes network management seem so painless. It’s as if the standard modem and router option seem archaic in comparison. I know the IT guys will start a war down in the comments about mesh networks vs. conventional routers, but you know what, I enjoy controlling everything from an app on my phone and everything just working. It makes life much less stressful, and honestly, I haven’t experienced a single hiccup during my time with Google WiFi. While the initial investment of $299 for a 3-pack might seem pricey, I think it’s worth the plunge if mesh has been calling your name. Amazon Link (Out of Stock) | Google Store (Out of Stock) ecobee3 Smart Thermostat I used to think that smart thermostats were a dumb idea. What, people are too damn lazy to change the dial themselves? However, now that I have been living with one, the ecobee3 to be exact, I take it all back. Me likey the smart thermostats. Essentially, while one can change the dial up on their smartphone or tablet, there are other advantages to installing one. For me, I enjoy having a forecast and weather information available right from where I set my heat and cooling, allowing me to know just what to expect when setting my temperatures. On top of that, back to the ease of use concept, whenever I head upstairs for bed time and realize I forgot to turn off the heat, I can do so just from my phone. No more dragging my lazy bones downstairs and manually setting it. With ecobee3 (the standard version, not the Lite), users also get a separate room sensor. That additional room sensor is nice if you live in a house with multiple floors, allowing the thermostat to get a better understanding of how to heat the home. For example, is the downstairs staying cool while the upstairs is getting too hot? These are things that the thermostat should know in order to adjust itself to find the perfect balance between all of the floors. I hear a lot of the same positive feedback from owners of the Nest (Kellen uses a Nest in his home), and really, I don’t think you can go wrong with either. I originally purchased a Nest to install, but due to a wiring issue I really didn’t want to deal with, I went with the ecobee3. There was a bit of wiring I had to get through, but it’s not hard at all. I can also vouch for ecobee’s customer service, which was top notch when I was knee deep in the installation process. Amazon Link ($248) There you have it, a short, yet detailed list for a few of my current favorite tech things. Have your own favorite tech toys you want to share with me? I’m always interested in trying new things, so share them below! Post navigation Previous StoryGoogle Home and Amazon Echo Could Become Your New Home Phone Next StoryMost Underrated Galaxy S8 Launch Happening: Death of MicroUSB NexusMan Is anyone else experiencing deteriorating Google Home performance? The exact opposite of what I expected, my devices are seeming to get worse and worse. They no longer hear me as well as they did right out of the box, over the past 2 days they stopped being able to play my music playlists…instead they don’t understand me and play random radio stations, and commands to control my lights don’t always work, like before. WTF? Howard Stern ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Cool little list. Nice to see a list without phones and stuff. Erinjdelarosa Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj259d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj259d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash259HomeBusinessGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj259d:….,….. DER I’d have a bunch of cool stuff too if I got it for free. NexusPhan Then go get a job in tech journalism? DER No i’m good. Thanks though. I work hard for a PAYCHECK. Free junk doesn’t pay the bills. NexusPhan Congrats! You’ve made my blocked doucher list. Woohoo. Go out an buy yourself a cookie, you earned. DER Wow. thanks. I’m honored. I think i’ll get an oreo. or maybe a chips ahoy. oh no, wait! how about a girl scout thin mint. Are you selling any? jabarri2 whats the point of commenting knowing he blocked you? lulz James That’s right, particularly when the bills include a giant ugly orange truck. Eric R. So what was the purpose of your comment? DER To give you trolls something to do…obviously it worked. Eric R. The only troll here is you DER I beg to differ. I simply made a COMMENT. Sarcastic at that, but it was a comment. Regardless of what it meant, i wasn’t looking for a response, a conversation or an arguement with anyone. And behold….3 people so far attacking me, debating me and heckling me for my comment. I doubt the internet version of the word “troll” is in the dictionary, but i’d say this pretty much sums it up. Eric R. Who said it was free? DER Tim did…in his article….. Eric R. Read it. Don’t see where he says he got these products for “free” DER “Speaking purely about the Aukey Dash Cam, which Aukey provided for me to check out” Eric R. You do realize that tech sites and reviewers don’t always get to keep the products. They usually get review units that they must send back Tim-o-tato Only the Star Wars drone and Aukey dash cam were received as test units. Everything else is bought and paid for. Daniel Castro The Viofo A119 dash cam is eons better than the Aukey. 2k recording and excellent night-time capabilities. Tim-o-tato 2K? Dang, all the more to eat up my SD card’s storage. It’s priced pretty nice, tho! About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central Connectedly CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Mastering Maps How to find the best transit route in Apple Maps on iPhone Best apps for iPhone Best apps to track your cellular data usage Love up! Best dating apps for Valentine's Day Love is in the air How to plan the perfect Valentine's Day trip 󠀠 💕😍💖 How to book dinner reservations for Valentine's Day with your iPhone < > iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iOS 10 iOS 11 Pokemon Go macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro Buyers Guide Gift Guide Order: BeatsX | AirPods | MacBook Pro | Order iPhone 7: Apple | Verizon | T-Mobile Find your way Best turn-by-turn navigation apps for iPhone By Mike Tanasychuk, Allyson Kazmucha Sunday, Feb 12, 2017 at 10:00 am EST 67 Comments The best turn-by-turn navigation app is the one that keeps you from driving into a lake á la Michael Scott. The old joke is that men hate stopping and asking for directions, but the truth is that no one likes to. It takes you out of your way and wastes precious time while some yokel argues with another yokel about the fastest route. Download an awesome turn-by-turn navigation app and skip the awkward conversation with a stranger. Google Maps Apple Maps Waze MAPS.ME CoPilot Scout Sygic Google Maps Google Maps offers driving, transit, biking, and walking directions in hundreds of countries around the world. All four types of transit also support voice-guided turn-by-turn navigation, and it's all free. If you like to have options, Google Maps is one of the best when it comes to showing lots of routes, especially for transit, complete with ETAs. Since Google is one of the most complete search engines in the world, it's hands down the best when it comes to searching for businesses and attractions across the globe. If you want to be able to search points of interest, Google Maps provides the most accurate results. It's also hard to beat in terms of public transit. Free - Download Now Apple Maps Maps is built into every iPhone. That means it's the default when tapping on map links inside other apps, works flawlessly in the background, and can continue giving you updates even on the Lock screen. While Apple Maps may not have as much data as Google, it gets better and better with time. So, if all you need are directions from here to there, it gets the job done. iOS 10 had also added a complete redesign and hooked apps right into Maps. That lets you book a reservation or request a ride right from Maps! Apple Maps has indeed steered me and many of us wrong the odd time, but for Siri integration and seamlessness in your user experience, built-in is always a great way to go (until Siri starts using Google Maps too!). Maps: Ultimate Guide Free - Built into iOS Waze Waze, which was acquired by Google in 2013, is a crowd-sourced maps and navigation app that uses travel data from you and people just like you in order to provide real-time information on the quickest routes. If your friends are using Waze, you can connect with them and, if you're going to the same place, you'll see when they'll arrive. Turn-by-turn navigation with Waze is also absolutely free and Waze can even help you find the cheapest gas station while driving. The best part of Waze is the ability to add points of interest for others to see on the map. If there's a speed trap up ahead, you can add it to the app to alert fellow drivers. If there's a traffic jam, you can let other drivers know why when you drive by the source. Waze really lets you look out for your fellow motorist, which I know seems like a foreign concept, but wouldn't the world be a better place if it wasn't? Free - Download Now MAPS.ME MAPS.ME has over 8,200 reviews in the App Store, and over 7,000 of those are 4 or 5 stars (6,993 are 5-star!). You get access to reliable, detailed offline maps that provide turn-by-turn navigation, as well as directions to points of interest, and you can save locations as bookmarks to share with friends. The best part of MAPS.ME is that developer My.com is dedicated to keeping all the app's features free of charge. In fact, part of the app description reads, "All maps inside and all features are free. Always were and will always be." That's reassuring and a nice touch in this age of "freemium" content. Search different categories (restaurants, tourist destinations, hotels, etc.), share your location via text or social media, and even make hotel bookings on Booking.com right in the app. MAPS.ME is more than turn-by-turn navigation; it's an excellent travel companion. Remember that offline maps means they need to be downloaded, so don't get caught without an internet connection and no maps either. Free - Download now CoPilot The CoPilot app can be just that for you. It features reliable offline GPS so that you're not using up data on the road or missing out on navigation when you hit dead zones. The latest version has been completely overhauled with a new look and more comprehensive features. If you want voice navigation or traffic alerts and reports, you'll have to pay for them, but if directions are all you need, then you'll do fine with the free stuff. ' You can also choose to pay for region-specific HD apps that start around $10. These are more comprehensive and tailored to their specific area. Again, though, if navigation is all you need, the free version is excellent. Just keep in mind that offline maps means you have to download them, and some can be upwards of a couple GB. Free, with in-app purchases - Download now Scout by Telenav Scout by Telenav is available to anyone in the United States and aside from offering free turn-by-turn voice guided navigation, Scout is great at helping you find things to do no matter where you are. Points of interest that Scout things you'll find interesting will show up on the map as you're driving. If you're in a big city, Scout can even show you the rates at different parking garages near you so you know you're getting the best deal. You can even search for things before you start your journey and mark things on your route. If you need offline maps, you can purchase them via in-app purchase for a one time fee. If you don't need them, all the other features of Scout are free to use. If you're in the United States and want voice guided navigation that can double as a personal concierge of sorts, Scout by Telenav is a great option. Free with IAP - Download Now Sygic Sygic comes with the ability to download free offline maps in over 100 countries. With these, you get route planning guidance, information on thousands of points of interest across the globe, and free map updates. If you'd like 3D maps, turn-by-turn voice-guided navigation, lane guidance, speed limit warnings, and more, you can upgrade to one of many different map packages via in-app purchase. You will receive a free trial of the premium version for 7 days so you can try out voice guided navigation before deciding to buy. All maps are powered by TomTom and don't need an internet connection in order to work after they're downloaded. Other premium options available are speed camera warnings, heads-up display views, and much more. If offline maps are important to you, Sygic offers a ton at no cost to you, but you'll need to pay for turn-by-turn navigation. Many other features are also available a la carte via in-app purchase so you can customize your experience the way you like. Free with IAP - Download Now New directions Do you use a navigation app on your iPhone? Or, do you still use "old school" GPS devices? Let us know your picks in the comments below! Like us! Share on Facebook Reader comments Best turn-by-turn navigation apps for iPhone 67 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating returnmyjedi If Waze supported CarPlay or Android Auto I'd use it over any others, but I tend to stick to Google Maps and Apple Maps. However I only use the latter out of necessity as my iPhone is my work phone and my car won't allow me to connect a different phone over Bluetooth when one is connected via carplay. All in all apple maps gets my where I need to be, but is hopeless compared to Google maps in rerouting via traffic, and Siri doesn't understand me half as well compared to Google Now (case in point today was when I asked Siri for directions to a hospital in Yorkshire and she kept trying to send me to a cinema in Warwick). 0 20 hours ago Reply erikbock I love Waze but since they are Google I am sure we will never see it integrated into CarPlay so it's Apple Maps for me!!! 0 2 days ago Reply returnmyjedi You're probably right which is annoying. I prefer the CarPlay interface when driving but Android Auto has much better support for third party apps. As far as I can tell Siri only works on the stock iOS apps whereas Google now functions pretty much across the board. 0 18 hours ago Reply gewappnet Navigon is still not added and the new free alternative HERE WeGo (former Nokia Here) should also be mentioned. 3 2 days ago Reply jmak1234 I was in Venice last month and was using Google maps to direct my walking through the city. That was until it directed me into the middle of the Grand Canal. Fortunately Apple Maps knew the route better, and kept me dry. 0 2 days ago Reply Jay Mobile Apple Maps for me, I'm not a fan of TomTom's new subscription system nor do I like their new updated app. The fact that I can just say Hey Siri directions to such and such place is great. While Apple has gotten a lot of flak for the Maps debacle that was they have greatly improved it and I believe that Maps gets its info from TomTom. Either way Apple Maps has yet to fail me and it too offers faster routes when available and it just works 0 3 days ago Reply Thoughter Don't forget folks, if you're concerned about privacy, Google Maps keeps a track of everywhere you go and links it to your master file identifier, so hackers, law enforcement, governments, intel groups, etc., can get that same info. Since your master file info is indirectly made available to advertisers and such, think of the ramifications of private companies having access, even if indirectly, to that info. 1 3 days ago Reply DannyJJK If you're Edward Snowden, this is a problem for you. If not, then I don't see how it is… 0 3 days ago Reply steviet02 Haha, so you have to be a fugitive to be concerned about privacy? 0 2 days ago Reply DannyJJK Or you know, you can just turn it off like EBUK said below. I have limits on my privacy, but having used Google since… well… forever, they've never harmed my privacy and rather used the data to improve their services. 0 2 days ago Reply steviet02 You made that comment before you knew you could turn it off. The fact you have to go to the internet to shut it off and is by default opted in is a privacy breech. You have no idea what google has done with your data. To say they haven't harmed you is hyperbole and besides the discussion point, when a company can link a specific person to specific data that is a privacy concern for a lot of people. Just because you don't care doesn't mean it's not a valid concern. I've read enough of your responses, and I am legitimately asking, are you a teenager? -1 2 days ago Reply DannyJJK No, I'm not. And people know Google collects data because they can use it with AI among other things. Maybe they collect your location data so they can see the areas most populated and develop their maps more in said areas? Google haven't harmed me, at all, and I highly doubt they ever will, I've used Google a long time and they're trustworthy. 0 1 day ago Reply EBUK Unless, of course, you go to your Google privacy settings on the internet and turn location tracking off. Simple. 1 2 days ago Reply returnmyjedi But if I do that I won't be able to wear my tinfoil hat. 0 18 hours ago Reply RagedUSMC Google Maps, Apple Maps and Waze were tested against each other on the Today Show here in the U.S. and Waze beat the others hands down. Sent from the iMore App 0 3 days ago Reply steviet02 I've settled on Waze. Side by side it beats them in real world situations almost every single time. Especially when there are accidents or traffic build ups while in route. 1 2 days ago Reply SurferGeek Waze... hands down. The crowd sourcing aspect of the program makes it stand out. There are better maps and navigation out there but knowing about a speed trap, construction, accidents that have just occurred, weather, etc... makes Waze my go-to navigation program. 1 3 days ago Reply RobMarshall2112 Hi All, I just released an indie mapping app for iOS called FastTrip https://appsto.re/us/i20n9.i FastTrip lets you list your favorite trips and set reminders for trips so that you can check on travel times. I developed it so that I would have a quick way of checking my commute time to and from work. Please check it out. Thanks, Rob Marshall -2 1 year ago Reply AlxLrnr iArrow for iOS is another great GPS app. It works offline and helps to save your waypoints to navigate precisely to them later, displays detailed GPS info and does a lot lot more. A simple and very effective app. 0 1 year ago Reply Manish Agarwal3 These are good. But I found Get Set Go really mind-blowing specially their HUD mode in my car. The windshield of my car is lit up at night ! Check the video here - http://youtu.be/K9QvnABbeVU or www.mnntech.com .. I love their HUD and the fact that it is so simple to use. -3 2 years ago Reply dahauss Your the author of that program so of course your going to say how great the program is.... Which its not since it freezes and crashes... 1 1 year ago Reply nck20 What about Navfree GPS?? It's free offline GPS without any costs with turn-by-turn navigation and voice. https://itunes.apple.com/nl/app/navfree-gps-verenigde-staten/id405922167... 0 2 years ago Reply Cameron Bales Waze is all about commuting. Depending on traffic it chooses the fastest of three routes. When I'm in places I don't know the routes then I use Google maps - it is much better at showing which lane to be in. Sadly that means I like the second most recent version of it, more than the current one. With the current version of Google maps I'm back to using Apple maps more often in places where I'm not familiar with the roads. 0 2 years ago Reply bszucs I am a regular Google Maps user, but I have to say I wish it had one option that Apple Maps has...ability to use the phone speaker for directions if the phone is connected to the car w/bluetooth. I hate that if I am listening to car radio I can't get my turn-by-turn directions from Google Maps. Curious if anyone else has the same complaint?? 0 2 years ago Reply Derek Doan I have the same issue with Google Maps. I rent cars a lot and use the Bluetooth. I have to stream radio so that I can hear the directions. Good cal out. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply eprisencc Just use an app like iHeart Radio to stream radio stations over the Internet. Problem solved. 0 2 years ago Reply rkevwill I see some have mentioned TomTom, Navigon, and Garmin. I must say however, most of these reviews, including this one, continue to stress only the free apps. Thats fine, but in this case, most folks get what they pay for. I use Apple Maps often, and Google maps sometimes, but if I am actually traveling, I use my Garmin Nuvi, or, my Garmin Onboard on my iPhone. Serious GPS users know the difference. Although I prefer the GPS power of the Nuvi (yes, its significantly better than the iPhone) The updates are so easy on the iPhone, and the ease of use and features are "almost" as good as the nuvi, and heads above the free apps. Of course, many folks will disagree, but as I said, experienced and serious GPS users will know exactly what I am talking about. One nice thing about using the iPhone, is even though the GPS reception is not as sensitive as the Nuvi (or any real GPS devices), the wifi mapping sometimes helps in Cities. Still haven't found any GPS that can handle some of the canyons in Chicago or NYC yet though. 0 2 years ago Reply psiclne I use Waze for the most part. But I really would like if Google Maps & Waze had 1 app. The police/camera lights feature from Waze is really useful and the lane guidance from Google is great when you're in an area you're not familiar with. 0 2 years ago Reply GlennRuss GPS Drive by MotionX. I have been using it for a long time now, and like it. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply Jerry5k I also have been using MotionX for at least 7years. Very pleased with all the features and they seem to keep up with all the others as far as adding additional info ( ie., traffic, accidents, police activity, etc.). Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply Jim Gramze In my own limited experience, I find no accuracy difference between Apple Maps and Google Maps. When one is right so it the other. When one is a mile and a half off, so is the other. So I go with the default which all things being equal is best since it gets auto triggered by other things so why not be familiar with it? My favorite thing about Apple Maps is it can be used without a data service. You can get directions at home, start, and then sleep the phone. Then it only wakes up to tell you about turns which saves tons of battery. I don't know if the other apps will do this as well. For me, at least, I don't care. My needs are few. 1 2 years ago Reply Allyson Kazmucha I find differences in different geographical locations. Where I live they are neck and neck. But in places I've traveled Google is better sometimes. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply Barry Kushner Watch for Nokia Here soon. Free offline maps and turn by turn with huge amounts of POI. 0 2 years ago Reply GLBORCHERT I'm on board with Navigon. In my view Waze is a joke in most cases. Most of the apps you recommend may work OK when you're in an urban area with strong cell coverage, but how about when you like the mountains where cell coverage is spotty at best, or have business clients in rural areas? I paid the freight for Navigon and never looked back. It is reliable, accurate, and works wherever I am. As far as I'm concerned, it's a must have app. 1 2 years ago Reply Allyson Kazmucha Sygic offers TomTom powered offline maps in over 100 countries for free. That's the reason I didn't include Navigon and Garmin. I just feel there are many offerings that cover most people that don't require such a high up front cost. 0 2 years ago Reply Jabid21 Are you sure sygic is free? All I knew it provides free trial. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply Allyson Kazmucha It provides a free trial of premium features, but offline maps are always free. Turn by turn you will need to pay for. But if you just want offline maps, Sygic offers that with no fee. I just found it to give many options which others don't without coughing up a lot of money. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply uahero That is not true at least in EU 0 2 years ago Reply monstermeme I agree that is true when you have data coverage, but using most maps selected in your list without data coverage (say when traveling) is a financial disaster. I Would suggest that your statement on just made in this post should have been in your article so people better understand the basis of your article. I would also suggest you have a part (maybe a paragraph) indicating other use cases where you may want one of the paid apps. 0 3 days ago Reply iwoodland tomtom is the best satnav out there. It's amazing!!! -1 2 years ago Reply MikkoPaivarinta Yeah, it's great. Told me to turn on the motorway in Heathrow facing the oncoming traffic. Lot's a mistakes in the maps. 1 2 days ago Reply kataran Trapster is very good as well Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply eprisencc Closing up shop. 0 2 years ago Reply flatmacsurf I concur on Navigon. I like that I can email a link to other Navigon users that they can simply tap and it opens the app. I use it in my business as my assistant often needs to go to the same location as me. Sent from the iMore App 1 2 years ago Reply techitrucker If you're going to be using it in a large vehicle the only good choice is Copilot Truck HD. It's Mundo expensive though. On sale for $99 right now. The other choice is so bad is not even worth testing out. Sent from the iMore App 0 2 years ago Reply eprisencc I use Google maps the most. I also use Waze when there are road blocks or traffic jams because it helps me get around them faster. In the event I do not have a good internet signal to use Google maps or Waze then I fall back to Navigon with offline maps to navigate. 0 2 years ago Reply moroboshi I generally use Google Maps as it has the most accurate traffic information. The voice guidance is very American centric though, which for a UK audience means we get unfamiliar US terms such as "ramp", as well as odd grammatical constructions and contractions. It feels rather lazy, as other apps offer localised voice guidance. Data is ultimately all that matters though, and Apple Maps, while better than it used to be, still lags behind, especially on local business search. (where Google are hugely superior) As for Waze, despite there being lots of Waze users where I am I find the Waze traffic data to be pretty terrible, and Waze routing is abysmal. 0 2 years ago Reply jld3 Most of these apps get their maps over your data plan. If you had Verizon and an IPhone that couldn't do simultaneous voice and data, that's a problem. You're driving along and someone calls you and your nav system is done. You miss your turns. So having the maps on-board the device is a good idea. I'm a fan of the Garmin apps, and have switched to the viago app which is getting better. 0 2 years ago Reply Allyson Kazmucha Nope, look at Sygic above, offline maps from TomTom, no cost for many countries. 0 2 years ago Reply eprisencc Att and T-Mobile for the win. Phone and data at the same time. Gotta love gsm. 0 2 years ago Reply gordol Garmin for me. I've always been a fan of Garmin. I've tried TomTom and Navigon and they just don't work the way I like. I've also tried Waze and Scout, and found them to be no better, and often worse, than Google Maps both in terms of actual data and also annoying ads. I much prefer having my maps onboard. Not so much now because I'm concerned about data coverage when traveling, but because of data quotas on my cellular plan. While Apple Maps is slowly getting better, it is still way off on too many locations for me to be able to trust it. And the current version of Google Maps appears to have broken the "track up" function, it now only toggles between "straight up" and "angled up" without rotating the map display to show the direction of travel as being up. 2 2 years ago Reply iljajj Navigon is part of Garmin, so that should make little difference. 0 1 year ago Reply jkeitz I always use Apple Maps. It rarely has any errors and it works flawlessly. Google Maps used to lack turn by turn, so it was completely useless. I know they've added that feature, but too late now. Waze is completely useless in Nevada. It has most of the streets wrong in my town, and it is as likely as not to send you West when you need East. 1 2 years ago Reply sadlybrokeboy Think you should state that these are all *free* apps, so you've not included the other paid ones such as Navigon, TomTom and Co-Pilot. The reviews are spot on - just think you should mention these are all free and a do a review set on paid ones :) 1 2 years ago Reply Allyson Kazmucha Sygic isn't free for navigation - I didn't include TomTom because Sygic provides many of the same offline apps for free. Navigon and Co-Pilot, same reason. I didn't purposely include only "free apps" - I just included the ones that I felt offered the best value and feature set. I just can't offer a reason to buy those when Sygic does offline maps for most without buying anything. 0 2 years ago Reply bitonw not very useful review as most all of them you NEED WiFi / 3G internet access... nice if you are on a limited data plan OR out in the Outback with NO 3G / WiFi internet access, sleep well. 0 2 years ago Reply eprisencc Well Google maps does do offline maps. If your on a provider like att or Verizon you will very rarely run into areas with no coverage. T-Mobile and Sprint . . . not so much. I also have navigon when I do need offline access which is like never. 0 2 years ago Reply monstermeme i have tried many of the apps you mentioned (google and apple extensively) and i can tell you that navigon turn by turn is much better than those at providing voice notice and details when traveling in unafmiliar. With Google and Apple you have to constantly look at the map to confirm directions which is a safety concern. In US i generally use the apple maps due to integration to iOS, but everywhere else i use Navigon. 0 3 days ago Reply Speedy McCauley Tom Tom TomTom U.S.A. by TomTom https://appsto.re/us/Y_IDu.i 0 2 years ago Reply GolpherZX Waze is by far the best for me in areas with multiple paths. It automatically re-routes you with a faster route (where as Google you have to actually see the turn options and select it). Google is getting its data from Waze now, so using the actual source is the way to go. Waze is by far the best route navigation option. If I'm in a totally new to me neighborhood I'm using Google Maps because of the Lane Assist. 0 2 years ago Reply Nicholas Kathrein Google maps updates you now as traffic conditions change. Just about a month ago it beeped an alert that I could take another route and save 45 min. There was a traffic jam ahead. I hit said ok and it re routed on the fly while I was going 65 on the tollway. 0 2 years ago Reply Dev from tipb Another plus for Google Maps: the lane guidance can be extremely useful, especially in areas with high traffic. 0 2 years ago Reply Iphonejackson I've found waze to be the best for me. It's in desperate need of an iPhone 6/6+ update, but it does tell me where cop cars have been reported. :) 0 2 years ago Reply Frank Cavaliero I have been using Navigon since its inception on iOS and it is a full feature rock solid GPS app. Maps are installed onto the device instead of using data , for remote driving where Cell service is sketchy its incredibly useful. Lane assistance, traffic conditions and well spoken prompts make Navigon a great GPS app. 3 2 years ago Reply benjitek +1 for Navigon -- I've tried others, but Navigon has been the most reliable, always gets me where I need to go. Lots of power under-the-hood with an UI that makes it easy to tap into. 1 2 years ago Reply northstahr I agree. Navigon is great! 1 2 years ago Reply uahero +1 for Navigon. Have Europe edition so download needed map only when go to selected country so do not need to keep all in the memory like TomTom. Works great, very reliable! Tested in SWE, FRA, ITA, SPA, GER so far 1 2 years ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Google Fiber downsizing again, says it's still coming to Huntsville Google Fiber logo.jpg This Google Fiber illustration shows a fiber optic cable, which consists of smaller glass filament cables that can send information at light speeds. (File) Print Email Lee Roop | lroop@al.com By Lee Roop | lroop@al.com The Huntsville Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on February 15, 2017 at 3:39 PM, updated February 15, 2017 at 3:40 PM comments Google Fiber is losing hundreds of employees, according to press reports, but it still plans to bring its Gigabit Internet service to Huntsville. Google Access, the part of the larger Google empire that oversees fiber, is moving hundreds of fiber employees to other jobs, the website Business Insider reports. The report says no employees will be laid off, but they will be moved to divisions that are growing such as cloud and hardware. Earlier reports said Google wouldn't expand to several cities as originally planned, and there has been speculation that Alphabet, the Google parent company, will sell the fiber division. Business Insider discounted the sale reports on Wednesday. "Google Fiber is committed to Huntsville. Once the Huntsville Utilities fiber network is built we intend to bring Google Fiber to Huntsville as planned," a spokeswoman said Wednesday. "We can't wait to share Google Fiber with the Rocket City." Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
image/svg+xml MAGAZINE EVENTS PAPERS TOPICS GOVTECH 100 SEARCH Hardware and Software Battle of the Bots: Will One Prevail as the Top Virtual Assistant? While experts predict a handful of firms will dominate in this field, they’re split on whether consumers will be served best by one bot or many. by Ethan Baron, The Mercury News / February 15, 2017 0 (TNS) -- SAN JOSE, Calif. — It’s no wonder titans of tech are locked in an epic battle of the bots, racing furiously to produce the best virtual assistant.  Their respective help-bots — Apple’s Siri, Google’s Assistant, Amazon’s Alexa and Microsoft’s Cortana — promise consumers one of the most valuable commodities in the world: free time. Thanks to the sudden acceleration of artificial intelligence and advancements in speech recognition and big-data storage, the technology behind virtual assistants is rapidly spreading from phones to cars and homes, and the truly useful helper is approaching fast. The four giants are fighting for the biggest share of a market expected to grow to $12 billion by 2024. RELATEDHow Twitter Bots Affected the U.S. Presidential CampaignFighting Online Trolls with BotsMeet Zo: Microsoft Introduces New Chatbot “There’s a tremendous amount of promise for these agents to help and assist with many different tasks that we face every day,” said Ross Rubin, principal analyst at Reticle Research. “The more the agent can help you with, the more value it holds.” The ultimate goal is our own personal genie in a bottle that awakens with a word or touch to liberate us from all our mundane tasks, organize our days and nights, and free us from the stress of lives that have become so terribly busy. But that’s not going to happen quite yet. Today, the aid these virtual assistants provide remains limited. Most users of Google Home and Amazon Echo devices — which host Assistant and Alexa, respectively — stream music, play audio books, and control smart-home devices, according to surveys by San Francisco analytics firm VoiceLabs. Still, the virtual agent’s foundation in AI means the more it learns about a user’s preferences and behaviors, the better job it can do. So while experts predict a handful of firms will dominate in this field — most agree Apple, Google and Amazon will be major players, with Microsoft in a lesser role — they’re split on whether consumers will be served best by one bot, or more. “People want one assistant, they don’t want two,” said Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research in San Jose. “You want one assistant, to be very readily available wherever you are.” However, the various assistants will likely end up somewhat specialized in their expertise, with Google’s Assistant, for example, excelling in providing knowledge and managing schedules, and Microsoft’s Cortana leading on gaming, said VoiceLabs CEO Adam Marchick. In a few years, many people will use two or three different assistants, Marchick predicted. The industry stands at a critical moment, because the first highly effective help-bot to get a foothold in a consumer’s home, phone or car will likely stay, creating a barrier to competitors, Marchick said. In order for a virtual helpmate to run your life, it needs to engage with the providers of all the services you rely on, from your calendar app to your Uber ride. Those providers must either partner with the company operating the assistant, or design their app to integrate with the assistant. So Spotify will stream music upon request via Alexa, and Honeywell’s smart-home thermostat, via Assistant, will bump up the temperature 15 minutes before Grandma’s expected arrival. For providers, “if there is a competitive advantage to be gained, then absolutely they will do it,” said Brett Sappington, senior director of research at market research firm Parks Associates. For all the major players, virtual assistants provide important data that fuels the AI that powers and improves them, making both the assistants and the products they live in ever more marketable. For Amazon, Alexa is an enthusiastic purchasing agent for the e-commerce that drives the firm. For Google, Assistant is a turbocharged vacuum for the data the company collects to sell ads targeted directly at users. Underlying the projected expansion of virtual assistants is the “voice first” approach to personal technology, said Brian Roemmele, a Los Angeles tech entrepreneur and expert in voice computing. Voice operation keeps hands free and it’s faster, he noted, because speaking conveys information more quickly than typing. So far, both Google and Amazon have focused largely on home-based assistants. Google’s new Pixel phones host Assistant, but it has an uphill battle because Apple has far more phones equipped with Siri on the market, said Tim Bajarin, an analyst with San Jose market research firm Creative Strategies. The popularity of Amazon’s Echo and Alexa notwithstanding — the company has sold more than 8 million Echo devices since rolling them out in late 2014, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners — most people want their virtual assistant on their phones, Bajarin said. “When you’re driving, that’s critical, or if your hands are busy,” Bajarin said. “The phone will continue to dominate as the vehicle for delivering the virtual assistant.” Putting these robo-helpers into cars’ onboard systems has become a priority for major firms, including Microsoft, which seeks to extend the reach of its PC-based Cortana through the “connected-vehicle” platform it announced this year. In January, Nissan announced it would integrate Microsoft’s platform into its cars. Siri already can be used in a car via a phone or Apple’s CarPlay system, or in cars sold with Siri integration built in. Hyundai is bringing Alexa and Google’s Assistant into some of its cars so, for example, an owner could start their car from their living room. While building the supreme help-bot is clearly a priority for many major tech firms, experts say the software today lacks the knowledge base to take the next big leap: to enable virtual assistants that can predict our needs to serve us better. “Some of it is just raw amounts of data and understanding about how the world works and what humans expect,” Reticle’s Rubin said. Which companies rise to dominance depends both on the capability of their bots and the draw of the gadgets that house them. “The story has not been written on what success is going to be in this space,” Sappington said. ©2017 The Mercury News (San Jose, Calif.) Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. RELATED How Twitter Bots Affected the U.S. Presidential Campaign Fighting Online Trolls with Bots Meet Zo: Microsoft Introduces New Chatbot 0 COMMENTS MORE FROM Hardware and Software Innovation in Government Select a state:   Assess Your eGovernment Program Answer 10 questions to take stock of your eGovernment Program and get personalized recommendations.   Compare the 50 States’ Online Offerings See how your state's features and online services rank with other states.     Featured Resources You may also like How Twitter Bots Affected the U.S. Presidential Campaign MAGAZINE Government Technology January/February 2017 Read now Subscribe NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER Key Elements to Successful High Volume Distributed Card Issuance Download © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE OUR NETWORK CENTER FOR DIGITAL EDUCATION CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT FUTURESTRUCTURE PUBLIC CIO INNOVATION NATION LATEST ISSUE SUBSCRIBE
printed February 16, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18748 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Forums Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Google Search Now Offers 'Fun Facts' for Entertainment Purposes Article Comments   Yesterday, 1:32 PM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Google today made Google Search more entertaining to use with the addition of fun facts. The feature is starting small. Users can type in queries such as "hippo fun facts" and Google Search will display a unique and interesting fact about hippos that may not be well known (apparently hippos can hold their breath for up to five minutes.) What to know more? Refresh the search and Google will display a second fun fact about the search subject. Standard, in-depth results will still be listed below the fun facts, which appear at the top of the results page. Google suggests people stick with fun facts about animals, plants, fruits, and vegetables for now. more info at Google » Related Google news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Canon expands its mirrorless lineup with the EOS M6 Canon's latest DSLRs are the EOS 77D and Rebel T7i Caavo hopes to be the one box to rule your home theater Latest in Gear LG explains why the G6 has a big 'FullVision' display 3h ago View Analyst rumor: iPhone 8 'function area' to replace home button 5h ago View BlackBerry's share of the smartphone market is virtually zero 5h ago View Republicans hope to overturn internet privacy rules 8h ago View Image credit: save Save share Amazon Echo and Google Home want to be your new house phone Several privacy and technical concerns need to be addressed before that can happen. Derrick Rossignol, @drossignol10 12h ago in Gadgetry Comments 465 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Right now, you can order a pizza, manage your to-do list and call an Uber on Amazon Echo and Google Home. The latest development from the smart speakers would give us yet another reason to leave our phones in our pocket. The Wall Street Journal reports that Amazon and Google are considering adding telephone functionality to their devices, but it won't be easy. Citing "people familiar with the matter," the Journal says Amazon and Google could introduce the ability to make and receive calls on their respective platforms later this year. The companies could make use of their existing communication platforms, since Amazon already has the business-focused videoconferencing tool Chime. Meanwhile, Google has Hangouts, Duo, and it recently recommitted to maintaining Google Voice. Incorporating existing VoIP services like Skype and Vonage into their devices may be another way to go. Echo and Home could also have their own phone numbers, or the option to sync an existing number and contacts list. One of the most significant roadblocks Amazon and Google face in turning their devices into home phones is privacy concerns. As the Journal notes, the Echo and Home's always-on microphones continuously record audio, locally saving a few seconds at a time, to monitor for activation commands like "Alexa" and "Hey Google." Law enforcement in Arkansas has already requested access to this data to help with a murder investigation, which raises serious privacy questions about connected home devices. Amazon's phone feature would only record call metadata, like phone numbers and call durations, while the Journal's sources aren't sure what data Google would keep. The use of voice commands raises other problems. For instance, users might accidentally end a phone call by saying the hang up command in conversation. It could also be hard to move a call from the speakers to your phone, since the Echo and Home don't have many physical inputs. The inability to make emergency calls is also a potential issue, since most VoIP services don't allow users to make 911 calls. The Wall Street Journal's sources call phone capabilities "the logical next step for the artificial intelligence-powered speakers," and they may be right. Still, it looks like there are substantial questions to address before Amazon and Google can set a firm release date on this new feature. Like other connected home technologies, there are real issues here that could scare off potential users interested in protecting their privacy. Source: The Wall Street Journal In this article: 911, alphabet, amazon, amazonecho, ArtificialIntelligence, gadgetry, gadgets, gear, google, googleduo, GoogleHome, home, HomePhone, InternetOfThings, IOT, phone, privacy, skype, speakers, VOIP, Vonage, WallStreetJournal 465 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 20m 20m ago in Business 'EverQuest' co-creator joins Amazon Games Studio in San Diego John Smedley will lead a team in AGS' new Southern California offices. By D. Lumb,  20m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Internet Reddit mixes up its front page with new 'r/Popular' subreddit Hopefully, posts from outsider communities will more easily rise to the top. By D. Lumb,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Art Pixar opens a free Khan Academy course on storytelling It's the latest installment in a series of free courses from the studio. By M. Moon,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Mobile LG explains why the G6 has a big 'FullVision' display Spoiler: It's for multitasking. By R. Lawler,  3h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in Mobile Analyst rumor: iPhone 8 'function area' to replace home button Its 5.8-inch OLED screen is said to have a usable display of about 5.15-inches. By R. Lawler,  5h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
The Dalles Chronicle Jump to content 34° News Gorge Local Special sections Contact us E-edition Facebook Twitter Sign in Follow: Home News Local World National Pacific Northwest Newsbank Archives Historical Archive Public notices Sports School League Recreation Gorge Life Events Business Entertainment Outdoors Faith Opinion Letters Editorials Commentary Milestones Obituaries Births Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Events Today Submit events Classifieds Search ads Place ad Classifieds login Cars Homes Jobs E-edition Upvote 0 Library offers ‘hotspots’ Google grant helps bridge digital divide Dave Karlson, left, site leader for Google in The Dalles, holds up a wi-fi hotspot device now available for checkout at The Dalles Wasco County Library as Darcy Nothnagle, Google’s head of external affairs, Northwest Region, answers questions during the program’s rollout Tuesday afternoon in The Dalles. Photo by Mark Gibson. By Mark Gibson As of Wednesday, February 15, 2017 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Photo by Mark Gibson The mobile hotspot device is smaller than a cell phone and can connect to the web wherever there is cellular access. Patrons of The Dalles Wasco County Library can now check out mobile wi-fi “hotspots,” cellular-based units that allow the user to connect to the internet for free. The program is the first of its kind in Oregon. The lending program, which includes 45 devices in The Dalles and five in Maupin, was funded by a grant of approximately $33,000 from Google. The devices can be checked out for three-week periods, and renewed if additional units remain available for other patrons. A wi-fi hotspot is a device you can use to connect a mobile-enabled device, such as a laptop, smartphone or tablet, to the internet. The hotspot is portable, needing only to be in range of a cellular tower. A limited number of laptop computers will also be available for checkout. “Google has bestowed a unique opportunity for learning on the library and the students of The Dalles,” said Mayor Steve Lawrence during a ceremony Tuesday afternoon at the library. “Libraries are where people come to learn.” Household income is one of the major factors that hinder people from accessing the internet, said Dave Karlson, site leader for Google in The Dalles. “This will help close that digital divide,” he said. “Having internet access isn’t just a luxury these days, it’s a necessity for school assignments, applying for jobs, and staying connected with the world,” said Darcy Nothnagle, Google’s head of external affairs, Northwest Region. “We hope this program will provide greater access and greater opportunity for the entire community.” Google and the library hope this program will not only help increase access, but also critical digital literacy skills. Over the last two years, Google has contributed approximately $200,000 in funding through several different grants for technology enhancements at the library, including upgrades to library computers, enhanced wi-fi and in support of Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) programs. In 2015, Google also provided an $87,880 grant for the Maupin Broadband Project to assist in bringing high speed broadband to the Maupin Community and establishing free public wi-fi at Maupin’s Riverfront Park and the Maupin Branch of the Wasco County Library District. That grant also connected the branch library to the main library in The Dalles and provides free internet on library computers. “We’re excited to partner with Google to provide this new wi-fi hotspot program to our local patrons,” said Jeff Wavrunek, district librarian. “Google’s support has been key to enhancing our ability to assist patrons through technology and programs.” Similar programs exist in New York, Chicago, Seattle and elsewhere. “We’re pretty tiny, we’re extremely happy we can do this,” said Wavrunek. “Google has been very supportive of the library.” The hotpot comes in a zipped case, and can provide internet wi-fi for three or more computers. Each unit is password protected. Checkout time is three weeks, the same as most books, and the unit can be renewed if additional units are still available. Sarajane Vemeister, director of financial aid for Columbia Gorge Community College, said the availability of WiFi for checkout would be a real boon for some of her students. “When I first heard about this, I was stoked. This will let so many people be more independent,” she said. The school has a high percentage of students receiving Pell grants, which means they are below the federal poverty guideline. “Many of them struggle to get internet access,” she said. Jennifer Heredia of Oregon Child Development Center (OCDC) in The Dalles, which works with migrant and seasonal workers, was also enthusiastic. “This is perfect for us,” she said. The center has many internet-based services and programs, but many of their clients do not have internet in their home, she said. The hotspots have instructions in both English and Spanish, she pointed out. “This gives everyone access,” she said. More like this story City expands wi-fi area Google invests in The Dalles wi-fi expansion Google funds Wi-Fi City wi-fi service expands Wi-fi expansion will add parks, museum Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email > 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Hot Jobs View all listings Accounting Specialist - Full Time ADULT CORRECTIONS TECHNICIAN ADULT CORRECTIONS DEPUTY ASSISTANT Educational SCHOOL BUS DRIVER: Secretary III UTILITY ASSISTANT WILDLAND FIREFIGHTER CMA/LPN CNA FULL TIME RN OR Vets Home Logo News from our Community Partners ﻿ Contact/Submit: Subscribe / Staff list / News Tip / Letter to the Editor / Birth Announcement / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Eagle Newspapers, Inc. All rights reserved. CLOSE X Information from the Chronicle and our advertisers (Want to add your business to this to this feed?)
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Google Search now gives you fun facts, unfortunately doesn’t work too well Newsby Brian Reigh13 hours ago 1 164 6 Google announced today that Google Search will now be able to give you fun facts about pretty much anything, ranging from dogs to cucumbers. So I tried it and the results were a bit disappointing. See also: You can now book an Ola or Uber ride directly from Google Search in India October 19, 2016 It’s true that Google Search has come a long way: what started out as a search engine running on the Stanford University servers can now give you all sorts of information, ranging from recipes to where your nearest polling station is. Well, the company has decided to add more fun to it by making it much easier to find random facts and trivia. For instance, did you know that a cat can’t chew big pieces of food because their jaw can’t move sideways? Or that dogs have three eyelids to help protect and keep their eyes from drying out? And for all the veggie-lovers out there, did you know that the inner temperature of a cucumber can be up to 20 degrees cooler than the outside air? According to Google, these are some of the fun facts that you can get on Google Search, and apparently, if you refresh the page, Google will come up with another random fun fact for you. So I gave it a try, and some very simple ones do work, but others, not so much. Phrases that Google uses as examples like “Dogs fun facts” or “Cucumber fun facts” do work well. At the top of the page, you will see a Google card with a random fact, which will change when you refresh the page. However, when I tried things like “Android fun facts,” “Google fun facts,” or “Harry Potter fun facts,” it simply gave me a preview of a select website and did not change even when I refreshed the page. It looks like your query has to be pretty general for this to work. While “Cats fun facts” works, “British shorthair fun facts” does not. It looks like your query has to be pretty general for this to work. For example, while “Cats fun facts” works perfectly, “British shorthair fun facts” does not. Although I’m not sure if this will make you the “reigning champ at trivia” as Google claims, it certainly is a fun addition to your search experience. News Google, Google Search Google, Google Search  Google Brian Reigh Brian Reigh is a contributor at Android Authority, covering all Android-related news. He has always been passionate about technology, especially mobile technology. He is currently a student at Dartmouth College in Hanover, NH. Show 1 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago57 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News HTC One A9 gets Android Nougat update on Sprint 48 minutes ago Here’s a look at the Huawei P10 in blue, gold and green 2 hours ago Google Phone 8.0 adds voicemail sharing and minor visual tweaks 2 hours ago Huawei may add to the already crowded field of voice-based digital assistants 6 hours ago LG G6 will have new UX for its 18:9 display, camera to have Square and Food m... 7 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
< WRAL.com WRAL Tech Wire Processing, Please wait. You are about to be taken to our payment provider site to update your account information, Continue? Yes No Life Sciences VC & Funding Startups Mobile & Broadband Employment Analysis Insider Benefits Updated Feb. 15, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. Google Fiber: 'Here to stay in Triangle' as changes sweep company Published: 2017-02-15 15:56:00 Updated: 2017-02-15 16:06:19 Post a comment Print this blog postE-mail blog post Google Fiber Image 1 of 2 · Next Image… Related Blog Posts Google Fiber halts expansion but 'work will continue' in Triangle, Charlotte Google Fiber expands to North Hills, opening service center in Raleigh Google Fiber expanding high-speed Webpass Internet service Cost of progress: Gas, water lines cut, holes left behind in fiber installation 'One tap:' Google updates its Fiber TV App By RICK SMITH, WRAL TechWire Editor Tags: Broadband, Fiber, Internet, Google Research Triangle Park, N.C. — Google Fiber is reaching out to assure Triangle customers - and potential ones - that the company is "here to stay in the Triangle." GF issued the statement Wednesday afternoon following a report of major changes within the company. It's the second time in recent months that GF has reaffirmed its commitment to the Triangle. The first statement came last October. "Google Fiber is here to stay in the Triangle," a GF spokesperson said in an email to WRAL TechWire. ."We have many happy customers in Morrisville, and earlier this month we laid down roots in Raleigh with our new Fiber Space and announced that customers in the North Hills, midtown area can sign up for Google Fiber." Earlier in the afternoon, Business Insider broke the news that Google Access (parent of Google Fiber) had named a new top executive and that "hundreds" of employees were being shifted to positions "within Google itself." The new exec is Gregory McCray, who recently joined Alphabet (Google's parent) after serving as CEO of Aereo communications. "There will not be any layoffs related to the move," Business Insider added. "Employees will be placed in Google positions related to the company's key growth areas such as cloud, YouTube, and hardware." McCray also is a board member of CenturyLink, a telecommunications firm with some operations in North Carolina. Business Insider cited CenturyLink as a potential buyer of Google Fiber if Google decided to sell the operation. GF recently expanded its Triangle network to North Hills in Raleigh. The company said it was pausing expansion of its network with the exception of the Triangle and a few other markets last October. GF also recently opened a customer service center in Raleigh. WRAL TechWire any time: Twitter, FacebookCopyright 2017 WRAL TechWire. All rights reserved. The Skinny WRAL TechWire Publisher and Editor Rick Smith dishes out tidbits from the local technology sector. Read more articles…         Please Log In to add a comment. Latest for Insiders    In-flight internet provider SmartSky raises $66M   IBM's top exec defends Trump role in letter to employees   QuintilesIMs reports $178M loss in first post-merger quarter    Netflix: Nearly half couples cheat - but it's not what you think Latest Tech News Google Fiber: 'Here to stay in Triangle' as changes sweep company Duke inventors' kitchen safety recipe: Internet of Things stove control, app raises $175K Yahoo issues new warning of potential email account breach Hot Off The Wire Staying up with WTW on social media for 2017: Like, track, link to us Following WTW on social media for 2017: Like, track, link to us Where to find WTW on social media for 2017: Like, track, link to us Biotech & Life Science TechWire@15: NC took lead in 'cloud' with biogrid 'moonshot'  Inventors Hall of Fame selects NCSU professor for biosensor research Tech wrap: Buffet Apple play; Softbank latest buy; YouTube top star costly jokes; Alzheimer drug failure Venture & Innovation Investor Scot Wingo takes over as CEO of Spiffy in $5M round American Underground picks 6 startups for retail-focused incubator program A witness to amazing RDU growth: Jammed LA-to-RDU Sunday night flight CONNECT  Follow Us on Twitter  Like Us on Facebook  Follow Us on LinkedIn Rick Smith WRAL TechWire Editor The Skinny Google Fiber: 'Here to stay in Triangle' as changes sweep company Duke inventors' kitchen safety recipe: Internet of Things stove control, app raises $175K A witness to amazing RDU growth: Jammed LA-to-RDU Sunday night flight IBM's top exec defends Trump role in letter to employees  Inside Offline's big deal with McClatchy: What's next for Raleigh startup, how deal was made  Startup Offline Media lands McClatchy as investor John Kane's vision for Research Triangle Regional Partnership: Marketing, branding RIoT group spreading wings with events beyond NC Google Fiber expands to North Hills, opening service center in Raleigh  As fiber expansion continues AT&T gears up for ultra-fast AirGig trials Trending Apple AT&T Biotech Broadband Duke E-commerce Economic development Employment Fiber Google IBM Internet Layoffs Lenovo Local Firms Opinion Analysis PC industry Startups Telecommunications and Wireless Venture STEM News  Two upcoming events focus on STEMpreneurs  When toy shopping, remember how they can spark genius  Planet Fitness franchise operator bringing 3 STEM campuses to Triangle Copyright © 2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. FAQ Story Archive Contact Us Advertise With Us RSS Feed AdChoices Privacy Policy Terms of Use Valid XHTML 1.0   CSS Load Check
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Google Fiber Sheds Workers As It Looks to a Wireless Future subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours 🎥 Photographer Guy Martin, travelled to Veles, Macedonia to dig into the heart of the fake news scandal.… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: George Frey/Reuters Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 02.15.17. 02.15.17 Time of Publication: 3:25 pm. 3:25 pm Google Fiber Sheds Workers As It Looks to a Wireless Future George Frey/Reuters Google Fiber is getting a lot smaller. Alphabet is sending hundreds of employees at Access—the division that runs the high-speed internet service—to work at other parts of the company, an Access spokeswoman says. It’s not the end of Fiber, not exactly. But the slimming-down likely signals a future for Alphabet’s broadband ambitions that involves less fiber. Google first announced Fiber in 2010 with a widely publicized contest to see which city the company would first grace with its ultra-fast service. Since then, Fiber has spread to several US cities and metropolitan areas. But Access said in October that it was curtailing plans to expand to new locations, and Alphabet has clearly lost faith in the idea of running fiber optic cables right into people’s homes, at least in the traditional way. Instead, Access has hired a new CEO, tech and broadband veteran Greg McCray, to figure out new ways to bring faster—and presumably cheaper—high-speed internet access to the rest of the country. Those plans may not include much fiber from Google at all. Related Stories Issie Lapowsky Millions Need the Broadband Program the FCC Just Put on Hold Klint Finley Google Fiber Just Swallowed Up Another Internet Provider Cade Metz Google’s Webpass Buy Points the Way to a Speedier Internet for Everyone Access’ restructuring won’t affect the places where Google Fiber is already available—new customers can still sign up, and the company is still pushing forward with plans to offer Fiber in Nashville, Louisville, and San Antonio. And it’s possible the company could one day resume efforts to bring actual fiber into homes if it can figure out a way that costs a lot less money. (The company has been experimenting with a process called microtrenching.) But for now, the future of high-speed internet from Google looks decidedly wireless. The problem with rolling out a new, high-speed internet service the traditional cables-in-the-ground way is that even though many cities already have plenty of fiber optic pipe buried beneath their streets, it’s still hellishly expensive to connect those pipes to customers’ homes. Last year, however, Access bought Webpass, a company that beams high-speed broadband via networks of small antennas. That approach might enable Google Fiber to deliver service to individual customers by tapping into existing fiber optic infrastructure without having to string new cables along utility poles or dig up people’s yards. Last October, just as the Webpass acquisition was closing, Access petitioned the Federal Trade Commission to open up more of the wireless spectrum that Webpass uses, which could enable Fiber to expand wirelessly much more quickly. Meanwhile, Fiber is already experimenting with new wireless technologies in Kansas City and looks set to expand those experiments to other cities as well. For now, the future of high-speed internet from Google looks decidedly wireless. Eventually Google Fiber could offer even more radical wireless technologies. For example, Webpass has tested technology from Artemis Networks, a startup building a new type of wireless service that can “follow” users from place to place and guarantee a certain amount of bandwidth. Developing those sorts of technologies is a radical departure from building a network that provides actual fiber to homes, and requires a different type of workforce. In a letter to employees about the transition, Alphabet CEO Larry Page said the leaner Access will largely work in the field, not from the company’s headquarters in Mountain View. A more wireless future for Fiber still comes with risks. More traditional telcos are also eyeing high-speed wireless internet as a way to bypass more expensive traditional broadband. In the meantime, Alphabet is still trying to figure out how to be a company that provides internet at all. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Alphabet Broadband Google Fiber Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular The Macedonian Teens Who Mastered Fake News media The Macedonian Teens Who Mastered Fake News Samanth Subramanian Spanner, the Google Database That Mastered Time, Is Now Open to Everyone Cloud Computing Spanner, the Google Database That Mastered Time, Is Now Open to Everyone Cade Metz Diehard Coders Just Rescued NASA’s Earth Science Data Climate Science Diehard Coders Just Rescued NASA’s Earth Science Data Megan Molteni How The New York Times Is Clawing Its Way Into the Future media How The New York Times Is Clawing Its Way Into the Future Gabriel Snyder The Nerdy Charm of Artisanal, Hand-Drawn Infographics Data Visualization The Nerdy Charm of Artisanal, Hand-Drawn Infographics Liz Stinson A Guide to Getting Past Customs With Your Digital Privacy Intact Security A Guide to Getting Past Customs With Your Digital Privacy Intact Andy Greenberg Google Fiber Sheds Workers As It Looks to a Wireless Future Broadband Google Fiber Sheds Workers As It Looks to a Wireless Future Klint Finley Encryption Apps Help White House Staffers Leak—and Maybe Break the Law encryption Encryption Apps Help White House Staffers Leak—and Maybe Break the Law Lily Hay Newman More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business media Inside Blavity, the Startup on a Quest to Be the News Source for Black Millennials Carl Brooks Jr. media The Macedonian Teens Who Mastered Fake News Samanth Subramanian media Journalism Fights for Survival in the Post-Truth Era Cloud Computing Spanner, the Google Database That Mastered Time, Is Now Open to Everyone Cade Metz Digital Divide Millions Need the Broadband Program the FCC Just Put on Hold Issie Lapowsky disasters A Wet Winter Is Overwhelming California’s Ancient Infrastructure Nick Stockton We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours 🎥 Photographer Guy Martin, travelled to Veles, Macedonia to dig into the heart of the fake news scandal.… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 8 hours 🎥 Photographer Guy Martin, travelled to Veles, Macedonia to dig into the heart of the fake news scandal.… twitter.com/i/web/status/8… Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Trader Talk Modern Medicine Global Investing Hot Spots Portfolio Perspective CNBC Fed Survey Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Future of Work How software is eating the banking industry Ari Levy | @levynews 13 Hours Ago SHARES Ethan Bloch was in junior high school in Baltimore during the dot-com boom. For his bar mitzvah — the ceremony that welcomes 13-year-old Jewish boys into adulthood — Bloch received $7,000 in cash. It was 1998 and, like so many amateur traders at the time, he plunged his wealth into the stock market, mostly software and telecommunication names like Lucent and Nortel. He quickly tripled his money. By age 15, it was all gone. "This knocked me over the head and left a burning curiosity that I still carry today," said Bloch, now 31, from the San Francisco headquarters of his financial-tech start-up Digit. "I realized I didn't know s--- about how any of this was working." Now Bloch is playing into another trend that's taking over Silicon Valley: Machine learning. Using the combination of massive data sets, exploding compute capacity in the cloud and a host of analytics tools, entrepreneurs are training computers to make increasingly sophisticated decisions. Eventually, the experts say, we'll land at true artificial intelligence, where computers are smart enough to train computers. And it's going to upend the traditional banking industry. Helping consumers with their finances It's hardly a straight line from the dot-bomb blunder to Bloch's new gig developing an automated savings tool for millennials. But Bloch says he's been obsessed with finance for almost two decades, even while running his first software start-up Flowtown, a social media marketing platform. Bloch sold Flowdown to Demandforce for a few million bucks in 2011. The following year, having banked enough cash to follow his passion, Bloch set out on a mission to improve consumers' financial health. The tagline on his website is, "Save money, without thinking about it." The company is initially targeting younger consumers, who've grown up in an era dominated by smartphones and a loathing for brick-and-mortar banks. show chapters These five industries are being revolutionized by AI    14 Hours Ago | 02:23 Digit's software plugs into a user's checking account, analyzing expenses and income and determining how much money could be stashed away without the customer feeling it. Based on the personalized algorithm, Digit puts a few bucks or so a week into a savings account, notifying users with a simple text to help them pay off college or credit card debt or prepare for a wedding. It also serves up reminders to eliminate late fees and recently launched a notification bot on Facebook Messenger. Digit says that it's saved more than $350 million for its customers. That includes people like Jenn Chen, a former community manager at a San Francisco software company who's now in between jobs. Chen has saved close to $16,000 over the past three years using Digit, money that would have otherwise remained in her checking account and more than likely have been spent. "It started off small and as time went by, I started seeing different ways I could increase that amount and be OK," she said. The savings were of particular importance after a hit-and-run accident left her with a hefty out-of-pocket payment for hospital bills. The changing workforce According to Goldman Sachs, machine learning and AI will enable $34 billion to $43 billion in annual "cost savings and new revenue opportunities" within the financial sector by 2025, as institutions use technological advancements to maximize trading opportunities, reduce credit risk and lower compliance and regulatory costs. What that means for the labor force is a complicated equation. The banking sector contracted dramatically during last decade's financial crisis, with the failure of large institutions like Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers and Washington Mutual and mass layoffs elsewhere. Three of the four largest U.S. banks — Citigroup, Wells Fargo and Bank of America — have fewer employees than they did in 2008. Jobs most in jeopardy from here are those that lend themselves to automation. Bank tellers will see an 8 percent decline between 2014 and 2024, and the number of insurance underwriters will drop by 11 percent, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. On the flip side, financial firms are hiring software developers and data scientists, areas of employment growth. Arvind Purushotham, a managing director at Citigroup's venture investing arm, is backing start-ups in fraud detection and security whose technology can potentially be applied internally at the banking giant. While there's a shift in the skills required to meet the financial challenges of the future, the problems are still being solved by people. "We think of human-assisted AI and AI-assisted humans," said Purushotham, "There are some things that humans can do that software programs can't hope to catch up to in decades." Expanding the lending pool The problem Douglas Merrill is trying to tackle will require sophisticated machines. Merill, who spent five years as Google's chief information officer, is the founder and CEO of ZestFinance, a Los Angeles-based start-up that's out to end the predatory system of payday lending by building algorithms that can underwrite people with little to no credit history. (He's among a handful of ex-Googlers applying computer science to finance. Consumer lender Upstart was created by former Google executives and is led by Dave Girouard, who previously ran Google's enterprise business. PeerStreet, a marketplace that matches real estate with investors, was co-founded by Brett Crosby, a former product marketing director at Google.) Merrill, who has a Ph.D in cognitive science from Princeton University, lives and breathes this stuff. From his vantage point, true machine learning is almost entirely absent from the lending industry despite a rapid acceleration over the past half-decade in online banking and underwriting. Consumer lenders like LendingClub, Prosper and SoFi have built substantial Web-based businesses using technology, but they're still targeting borrowers with good, if not pristine, credit. Source: ZestFinance ZestFinance CEO Douglas Merrill. That approach does nothing for Americans who struggle to make ends meet and rely on cash advances from one of the country's 20,000 payday lenders that populate mostly low-income areas. ZestFinance is looking for non-traditional data — information that can't be found in credit files — to determine the types of behavior that can help predict whether someone will repay debt. It turns out that a prospective borrower who fills out an application in all capital letters is a greater-than-average credit risk. While mounds of data exist that would help in developing new credit models, much of it sits in places that are very difficult to reach. For example, finding out if a bank account is open can be "super challenging," Merrill said. "I didn't foresee how hard would be to get access to a large number of those third-party data streams," said Merrill, whose 100-person team includes more than 30 data science and machine learning experts. "To run a big data and machine learning shop you have to have big data and machine learning." This week, ZestFinance introduced the Zest Automated Machine Learning (ZAML) platform, opening up the technology to any bank, credit card issuer or auto finance company. Merrill is also testing his algorithms in perhaps the world's greatest ocean of messy data: China. Through partnerships with e-retailer JD.com and Internet search provider Baidu, ZestFinance is aiming to help create a system for lending to half a billion people who lack any credit history. "Lenders in China are beginning to use these advanced techniques that analyze non-traditional variables, whether search, shopping or other data, to form the backbone of a new credit infrastructure," Merrill wrote recently in Chinese business publication Boao Review. "The credit landscape in China is about to change drastically." show chapters Goldman's top tech banker on artificial intelligence    Wednesday, 19 Oct 2016 | 11:18 AM ET | 03:22 The revolution is coming, but slowly The data suggests human lenders in the U.S. are still safe, for the time being. According to the BLS, the number of loan officers will increase 8 percent annually through 2014. Since the election of Donald Trump, bank stocks have rallied as investors wager that a Republican-controlled government will ease regulations on big financial firms just as rising rates will help boost earnings. Shares of Citigroup, JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Bank of America have each jumped more than 20 percent since Trump declared victory on Nov. 9. But as JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon wrote in his letter to shareholders in 2015, "Silicon Valley is coming." Here's one reason. Adyen, a 500-person payments start-up with offices in Amsterdam, San Francisco and 10 other cities, generates more than $1 million in revenue per employee. That looks more like Google than JPMorgan, which is around $400,000 per employee. Over the last two years, Adyen has been staffing up on data scientists to develop systems for preventing fraud. Adyen's customers range from Airbnb, Netflix and Spotify to easyJet and NH Hotels. When consumers sign up or make purchases on those apps, Adyen's software gets to work determining how much it can trust the buyer and whether another form of authentication is needed. It's a tricky formula. Asking for more information, be it the answer to a secret question or a code that's sent to a mobile phone, makes it more likely the consumer will drop off without completing the transaction. Minimizing fraud while maximizing so-called conversions is the goal, and it requires a personalized experience. Adyen's engine analyzes the shopper to figure out in real time if it's a regular customer and if the device, e-mail address and account information are familiar. A trusted buyer can go right through, but any red flags may mean more information is needed. Adyen Sam Halse, Adyen's chief operating officer, said clients see a 1.4 percent increase in revenue using the software. "That's a huge number on the bottom line, which was in the past simply lost revenue," Halse said. For Adyen, the algorithm keeps getting smarter, learning more about individual shoppers and broadly how fraudsters behave. Suranga Chandratillake, a partner at London-based venture firm Balderton Capital, said artificial intelligence in finance represents the next stage of human capital replacement. The first big one was the automatic-teller machine. Then came internet and mobile banking. Now, it's what Chandratillake calls "pseudo white-collar jobs," where machines are being trained to recognize patterns on forms like mortgage applications and insurance claims and to act with better accuracy in less time than people. "These are jobs that require human judgment but that are very repetitive," said Chandratillake. "To crack these you need a smart AI founder and team but you also need someone who has expertise in some weird niche like this and can see how to exploit it." Correction: A previous version of this story misspelled Jenn Chen's name. Ari LevySenior Tech Reporter To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
VISIT CNBC.COM VISIT CNBC.COM Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials SHOWS Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials All Shows Adventure Capitalists American Greed Billion Dollar Buyer Blue Collar Millionaires Cleveland Hustles Ground Zero Rising Jay Leno’s Garage Make Me a Millionaire Inventor The Celebrity Apprentice The New Celebrity Apprentice The Deed The Deed: Chicago The Filthy Rich Guide The Partner The Profit The Profit in Cuba Secret Lives of the Super Rich Shark Tank Undercover Boss West Texas Investors Club Full Episodes Live Store X Careers Careers A 7-year-old wrote a letter to Google asking for a job—here's how the CEO responded Kathleen Elkins | @kathleen_elk 13 Hours Ago CNBC.com show chapters This 7-year-old wrote to Google asking for a job — the CEO responded    10 Hours Ago | 00:56 SHARES Don't ask, don't get, right? On that principle, seven-year-old Chloe Bridgewater, who lives in Hereford, UK, wrote a letter to Google asking for a job. "After seeing images of Google offices with their bean bags, go-karts and slides my 7-year-old daughter decided to write to Google to see if they would give her a job," Andy Bridgewater writes on LinkedIn. Bridgewater provided CNBC with the original letter, addressed to "google boss": Like a skilled job seeker, Chloe discusses her own qualifications ("I like computers") and explains why she believes she would be a good fit for the company. She even provides references: "My teachers tell my mum and dad that I am very good in class and am good at my spelling, reading, and my sums." She also mentions that this is not only her first application but virtually her first letter: "I have only ever sent one other and that was to Father Christmas." Courtesy of Andy Bridgewater 7-year-old Chloe Bridgewater's letter to Google impressed CEO Sundar Pichai The letter caught the eye of Google's CEO Sundar Pichai, who wrote back with encouragement: "I think if you keep working hard and following your dreams, you can accomplish everything you set your mind to — from working at Google to swimming in the Olympics. "I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school!" Here's Pichai's full note: Courtesy of Andy Bridgewater A Google spokesperson confirmed to CNBC that the letter is, in fact, the real deal. show chapters Kickstart your new year with this visual trick    Monday, 19 Dec 2016 | 2:48 PM ET | 01:04 Kathleen ElkinsWriter, Make It Primetime Shows Watch full episodes | TV schedule To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Data Centers Scrambling to Fill IT Skills Gap Data Center Market Kicks Off 2017 With Flood of Acquisitions Google Ramped Up Data Center Spend in 2016 A Cloud for the Artificial Mind: This Data Center is Designed for Deep Learning QTS Buys Large Dallas Data Center from Insurer HCSC Previous Article Google Turns Its Secret-Sauce Database Spanner into Cloud Service Next Article LinkedIn Vacates Lots of Space at Equinix Data Centers Inside an Equinix data center in Silicon Valley (Photo: Equinix) Cloud Computing, Colocation, Connectivity, Equinix, Salesforce You Can Now Plug Directly Into Salesforce Servers at Equinix Data Centers by Yevgeniy Sverdlik  on February 15, 2017 Add Your Comments Tweet *Updated with examples of customers accessing cloud via Equinix facilities Equinix has added a new big name to the list of cloud providers accessible directly from its data centers. Its colocation customers can now buy private network links to Salesforce, getting direct public cloud connectivity while bypassing the public internet. After rounding out the list of cloud infrastructure giants accessible through such links – Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud Platform, IBM SoftLayer, and Oracle Cloud – Equinix started pursuing similar partnerships with enterprise cloud software heavyweights. Last year, it secured Microsoft Office 365 and Google G Suite. Salesforce is a key addition to the list. It is one of the largest software-as-a-service providers and the largest customer relationship management (CRM) company. Equinix has been pursuing the partnership since at least 2015, when its then VP of innovation, Chris Sharp, told us the company was going after all the top SaaS players. The Salesforce cloud connectivity deal is likely to further Equinix’s recent efforts to bring more enterprise customers into its data centers. Most of its users have traditionally been service providers of various kinds. The colocation giant says these private links to public clouds are a quickly growing business; for enterprises with stringent security and compliance requirements they provide the advantages of using public cloud without the risk of connecting critical networks to the internet. There’s also a reliability and performance benefit, according to Equinix. Philips, for example, is connecting to AWS, Azure, and SoftLayer from multiple Equinix data center locations, the colocation company revealed in its fourth-quarter earnings report today. Another customer, Walmart, is connecting to Azure. Most major Equinix rivals in the colocation market – the likes of Digital Realty Trust, CoreSite, and QTS Realty – have introduced similar cloud connectivity services. Major carriers, such as Verizon, also sell private connectivity to public clouds, either from colocation data centers or from on-premise enterprise facilities. There are also several startups, such as Megaport and Console, who have software-defined network platforms that automate provisioning of network links to cloud and other service providers from many data centers around the world. Read more: Digital Realty Challenges Equinix With Cloud Connectivity Platform Equinix sells the links either as traditional cross-connects or through its Cloud Exchange platform, a software-defined networking fabric that allows for greater flexibility for those connecting to multiple cloud providers at once. There are currently more than 500 customers using the platform, an Equinix spokesperson wrote in an email. In addition to cross-connect revenue (Equinix charges $100 per month for a 1G cloud exchange port and $200 for a 10G one), the deals with cloud providers generate regular colocation revenue, as cloud providers grow their capacity inside its data centers to serve more and more customers, Scott Mills, director of business development at Equinix, said in an interview. Another benefit is in the ecosystem effect: as more enterprises come on board to take advantage of the private connectivity to cloud, the ecosystem becomes more valuable for other service providers. In addition to cloud companies, a myriad of carriers and managed service providers use Equinix, for whom those enterprises represent potential new customers. “As we add more and more enterprises, which are key targets for all of that community, the total value of the ecosystem continues to go up,” Mills said. For now, private connectivity to Salesforce is available at Equinix data centers in Silicon Valley, Northern Virginia, and Frankfurt. See also: Creating Your Enterprise Cloud Connectivity Strategy Previous Article Google Turns Its Secret-Sauce Database Spanner into Cloud Service Next Article LinkedIn Vacates Lots of Space at Equinix Data Centers Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Yevgeniy Sverdlik (1316 Posts) San Francisco-based business and technology journalist. Editor in chief at Data Center Knowledge, covering the global data center industry. Related Stories Cloud Computing Time Warner Pitches Direct Cloud Connectivity via Equinix Data Centers by Nicole Henderson on January 13, 2016 Equinix Cloud Exchange provides private links to cloud services by AWS, Azure, Rackspace, and others Read More Cloud Computing Equinix Becomes Data Center Gateway to Oracle Cloud by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on October 28, 2015 Oracle’s IaaS and PaaS clouds now accessible through Equinix Cloud Exchange Read More Cloud Computing Private Links to Office 365 Now Live at Equinix Data Centers by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on September 29, 2015 Private links to SaaS next frontier as colo giant carves out its place in enterprise cloud market Read More Asia-Pacific Telstra, Equinix to Link to Azure Data Centers in Australia by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on October 27, 2014 Lights up geographically distributed Azure zones in New South Wales and Victoria Read More Equinix Salesforce.com: 1,000 Servers at Equinix by Rich Miller on March 27, 2009 Salesforce.com (CRM) says it runs its entire operation on just 1,000 servers. What about its data centers? Salesforce has its gear in Equinix (EQIX) data centers on both coasts, with a Singapore location to come. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Google Cloud leader lays out ambitious plans for the enterprise Google Cloud leader lays out ambitious plans for the enterprise The head of Google’s enterprise business says the consumer giant has unique attributes in data management, analytics and machine learning that differentiate its cloud offerings. Matt Kapko (CIO (US)) 16 February, 2017 05:45 - - - - print email Comments The IT world is going through an unprecedented transformation that impacts how enterprises operate and leverage opportunities within mobile, data and the cloud, according to Diane Greene, senior vice president of Google Cloud. Greene has been leading Google’s enterprise business since late 2015, focusing much of her attention on reorganizing Google’s approach to the enterprise market and the big customers it wants to win over. “I’ve never seen the kind of growth that’s going on here,” she said this week during an appearance at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference. Because of that, her biggest challenge is organizing and hiring for scale and she constantly has to declare just how serious Google is about becoming a force in the enterprise market. [ Related: Google cloud chief on tackling the enterprise ] Google says it was built for the enterprise While most of Google’s success comes from its consumer services and the advertising associated with those apps, Greene says Google was built to be a giant in the enterprise as well. “We have the cloud for the enterprise because the enterprise has to lean into data and that’s what Google was built for, so I feel very good about where we are and what we’re doing for people,” she said. “We’re highly reliable, we’re highly secure, we’re highly scalable and we have very good technical people to partner with companies, which is super valuable,” Greene said. “We’re kind of in the sweet spot of where customers are going and we’re seeing that confirmed over and over as we start working with more customers.” [ Related: Google upgrades G Suite with tools for IT pros ] Google has been inventing how to manage and quickly analyze massive amounts of data for 16 years, according to Greene. She also claims Google’s data centers operate more efficiently than its competitors and the company has built the most secure cloud on the planet. Google’s resources and expertise in machine learning are becoming a differentiating factor for Google’s efforts in the enterprise as well, Greene said. “Google’s been doing [machine learning] since before 2000… We arguably have the largest assemblage of machine learning experts,” she said. “A company that isn’t using machine learning is going to be, if not already, at a disadvantage.” Why enterprises are moving to the cloud Enterprises aren’t moving to the cloud just to save money, they’re also doing it to make their business more competitive, according to Greene. “A lot of people want to do machine learning, they want to do data analytics and they want to understand really how to stage their movement to the cloud,” she said. “The cloud is on everybody’s mind,” Greene said. “A lot of companies are dabbling in it but we are just at the very early stages of people moving [to the cloud].” [ Related: Google goes 'all-in' on enterprise cloud ] During 2017, Greene hopes to land more big customers who will showcase Google’s strengths in the enterprise cloud and encourage more businesses to make the move. “I hope that people will understand why we’re really the cloud for the next generation of enterprise and that won’t be a question in people's’ minds.” 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google More about GoldmanGoogleTechnology Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs Digital Communications Manager NSW Group Director Information Services WA Lead PMO NSW IT Business Analyst NSW Network Engineer NSW SOA Developer NSW Linux Desktop Support Specialist WA Information Security Manager NSW SOE Team Leader WA Business Analyst SA Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Big business faces new data breach notification laws Samsung Galaxy S8: What we know so far ​Microsoft: Windows users face 500m ransomware emails every quarter CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! CSO US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking What happens if your thermostat is hacked? Researchers name the top 7 security threats A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Yahoo warns users of account breaches related to recent attacks Computerworld South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal Regulated roaming ‘unambiguously bad’ for regional Australia, Telstra CEO says Digital and data drive earnings at Origin Energy Telstra registers profit drop in first half Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 ARN CSC wins landmark South Australian Government IT outsourcing deal New partners join Federal Govt's cloud services panel Digital growth drives $70M revenue for RXP Services “Intense” competition impacts Telstra’s financials Melbourne IT forks out for $67M Outware acquisition Techworld US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking 5G progress at Ericsson could help enterprises work worldwide A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 CMO CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 February 2017 Toyota gets a new CMO following Brad Cramb's departure Telstra sees dip in NPS, financial results How digital transformation opened a new customer segment for Kennards Hire Tourism Australia CMO: Data is about gaining efficiency in marketing Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine Vogue fashionbeautycultureliving runway video Most Shared Magazine Meet the Head International Troll Slayer at Google February 15, 2017 8:00 PM by Robert Sullivan On Offense Green’s team at google combats trolls, ISIS recruitment, and internet-service attacks. She wears a Salvatore Ferragamo dress and Mulberry ankle boots.Photographed by Thibault Montamat Should a tech giant give us more information—or better information? Robert Sullivan meets Yasmin Green, a researcher pushing Google to make the world a safer place. In a small conference room at Google’s New York City headquarters, Yasmin Green is about to get some bad news. Green, 35, is the head of research and development at Jigsaw—the tech giant’s in-house think tank—and the trouble at hand has to do with trolls, those who foment anger and disrupt discourse online. People tend to think of trolls in terms of random harassment, teenagers with too much time on their hands, but these in particular are globally scattered and state-sponsored, targeting journalists and activists, an independent press, or outspoken citizens. Trolls are big, for instance, in Iran, where Green was born (her family fled to London in 1984). “Iran is really kind of trailblazing in terms of developing digital repression,” she likes to tell people. Jigsaw is a little like the National Security Council of Google—if Google were a nation state, which it is not, despite a nation state–like influence in the world. Security is now everything, after all, as the Web becomes more and more like the Wild West, full of fake news, hacks, incursions on servers and local infrastructure, and increasingly more damaging attacks on security and speech (not to mention the stability of U.S. elections: See Russian interference in the 2016 presidential contest). Jigsaw’s role is to scout the digital landscape for trouble—to, according to Google, “make people in the world safer.” “We have that geopolitical lens,” Green tells me. “We have the mandate to think ahead, rather than respond to what’s happening at the moment. To think prophetically.” She is wearing a vintage eighties dress she bought on a work trip to London—the Jigsaw team knows her as someone who only ever wears a dress—and strikes you immediately as having the physical demeanor of an athlete: aware, graceful, paying relaxed, close attention to everyone in the conference room. (Sure enough, she likes to run five miles from work to home in Williamsburg, where she picks up her two-year-old daughter from school. “The quality of my decisions,” she says, “is best when borne out of a run.”) Green is quick with an analogy or an insight, and she gets as much as she takes. “I heard she made the president laugh,” says Jigsaw’s founder and president, Jared Cohen, referring to Green’s Obama White House briefing on digital terrorism last December. Green was Cohen’s first hire back in 2010, when Google asked him to create a think tank on geopolitical challenges. “She and I clicked right away,” he says. “She has a gift for strategy—and she’s the one who really mentored me through the process of creating Jigsaw.” Now, in the sealed-off conference room, a portion of her team is settling in: women and men in their 30s who talk less like technologists (though they know their way around the Dark Web and Tor servers) and more like political scientists. Laptops are opened on a table; old-school National Geographic maps hang on the walls. “What’s the right way for Jigsaw,” Green asks, “to affect the problems that we see, given that we’re not a government, given that we don’t have military aid, and we’re not negotiating peace deals? It’s through technology and through access to information.” Good information is Green’s mantra. “Our job is to get more and better information in the hands of vulnerable people,” she says. What’s covered—the names of victims of Internet trolls in particular—is off the record, for the sake of the trolled, and also because Green’s team intends to develop an appropriate defense. As the discussion dives deeper into the Internet’s dark zones, I’m struck by the contrast with the bright, charged thinking of the group. It feels like a grad-school seminar, but with lives in the balance. In places like Russia and China, state-sponsored trolls don’t just tweet at you. The harassment is orchestrated with everything from hashtags to doxxing (slang for exposing personal information) to physical-world threats—all of it working, in the end, to mute journalists and citizen activists, often driving them offline. Women are frequently the targets. “It’s the most insidious problem facing female journalists today,” says Elisa Lees Muñoz, the executive director of the International Women’s Media Foundation. “It’s absolutely to shut people up, and to shut up journalists in particular.” “How can we illustrate this?” asks Green. How, in other words, can the threat be explained so that you don’t have to be a Silicon Valley programmer to understand it? This is Green’s particular genius. In 2013 the Jigsaw team developed and published the Digital Attack Map, a nearly real-time depiction of Internet-service attacks not unlike the one that recently shut down Twitter: eerie beams of color emanating from bad guys in one country to targets in another. (The map has had more than ten million views.) Today’s meeting is not about solutions—not yet. And despite the fact that the subject is complex and disturbing, Green stays optimistic, in part reflecting the optimism of her troubleshooting team. “It’s really inspiring to work with people who are so smart and so missionary,” she tells me later. “Everyone is coming in, driven by a passion, to solve problems that seem intractable.” On a wintry Saturday in Williamsburg, Green is working on a non-Internet protocol. “Can you say hello?” she asks her daughter, Zeba, when a visitor arrives. In a few minutes, Green is sitting on Zeba’s bedroom floor, reading and playing with dolls, in the company of her husband, Adam Green, an indie musician and filmmaker—he drew the pictures that hang around their daughter’s bed. In the rest of the apartment are paintings by their friend the musician Devendra Banhart, among others. It’s a cozy, bohemian scene that Yasmin hadn’t planned when she signed on at Jigsaw. “I actually told my family and friends in London that I’m not going to settle in New York,” she recalls. “Obviously! It’s a very aggressive city. It’ll rub off on me. And then you know what? I met a New Yorker and married and had a New York baby.” Their wedding, a small, carefully orchestrated affair—their parents had never met—on the Greek island of Hydra, Leonard Cohen’s spiritual home in the sixties, sounds like a treatment for a Wes Anderson film. “My parents are Muslim Iranians turned British atheists, and my husband’s parents are nonpracticing New York Jews. If we were in the era of arranged marriages, no one would have thought to put us together.” Adam’s mom wore a tie-dyed dress; Yasmin’s father a tuxedo. “Everyone got along,” she says, showing off the wedding pictures. Early on in the relationship, after watching a Jean Cocteau film, Adam and Yasmin started collaborating, first on a kind of ruminative journal or notebook, selections from which hang on a wall in a frame (“Where you are vulnerable I will build . . .” “Your feelings are always right . . .”), then on Adam’s (highly) experimental films, The Wrong Ferarri and Adam Green’s Aladdin, which Yasmin coproduced, and which were shot in part in their friend the artist Dustin Yellin’s Red Hook studios. While on the road, Adam would call Yasmin with more location ideas. “I’d be on tour, and I’d tell her I just saw this room in Rome in the federal building that’s going to be great to shoot in,” he says. “He was out of his mind,” she remembers. “She is the smartest person I’ve ever known,” Adam says. “She would never say this, but she’s an artist in the sense that the whole concept of being an artist has changed.” We talk about maps of the Web, about Internet ecologies, about painters and ancient texts. “I mean, if you go to the Whitney Biennial, you’re going to find art projects that are similar to what Yasi is working on.” Growing up in England, Yasmin didn’t think as much about international relations as she did the NBA draft. “I secretly wanted to be a basketball player,” Green says. She played on the under-sixteen U.K. national team, and then, when her family moved to Sheffield (she has one older brother), for the Sheffield women’s team, the best in the country at the time. “I used to eat, live, drink basketball,” she says. “I would listen to hip-hop all day—and I would study, but my room was covered with posters of NBA athletes. I think my parents were just like, ‘Well, she’s lost to us.’ ” When she put up some big numbers in her university-placement exams, they were floored. “They cried because they had no idea.” She went to University College London, then the London School of Economics, then worked at a consulting firm, where she specialized in oil and gas and traveled throughout Africa and the Middle East, comparing cultures in a way that, when she looks back now, destined her to work at a place like Jigsaw. When a job at Google came up, Green saw a chance to be on the corporation’s intellectual front guard. “What happens,” she asked herself, “when the next billion people come online?” Green gives you the sense that she sees the fortunes of her company tied to the rights of those who tend to face the most repression—women, for the most part. “Women represent less than half of the people on the Internet,” Green says, “and it’s always the women that get it worse. There are actually bots, or automated trolls, that are programmed just to give rape threats.” It’s true—the Internet is not the place it once was. Lately social media doesn’t seem all that social, to put it mildly, and Google, not to mention companies like Facebook and Twitter, is coming to terms not just with the fact that bad things are happening in its search results, feeds, videos, and comment sections, but that users—and governments—aren’t happy about it. “I do think that Google institutionally believes that technology can be a force for good,” says Farhad Manjoo, the tech columnist for The New York Times. “I think that is something kind of foundational to Larry Page and Sergey Brin at Google—and to Mark Zuckerberg. They believe this in a very deep way, and they set up groups like Jigsaw to prove it. I believe that at heart they are Utopians about technology.” “I think Google possibly has an ethical duty,” says Hadiya Masieh, a British consultant for Jigsaw who was recruited by extremists as a college student. She now counsels mainly young women in similar situations. “If their product is being used for terrorism—well, Yasmin said it at a talk: ‘It’s bad for business. It’s not good for our reputation.’ ” Masieh worked with Green on what is perhaps Jigsaw’s best-known work, a project called the Redirect Method, an Internet-based response to ISIS recruitment. To develop the Redirect Method, Jigsaw team members interviewed young people in Europe and Iraq who had traveled to join ISIS and returned or were captured. This was 2015. “A perfectly normal girl would be radicalized within a week, two weeks,” Masieh says. ISIS uses nothing complex, just the standard byways of search terms and social media. “Someone goes in totally naive,” Masieh says. “ ‘Let’s look this up.’ We all do it. One link leads to another link, and then, next thing you know, you are best friends with someone out there in Syria.” Jigsaw’s solution was to offer alternatives to the results—using the algorithms that typically promote advertising—to suggest sites that offered the viewpoints of, for instance, ISIS recruits who had changed their minds. “It turns out there’s a network of deradicalization Web sites,” Green says, and she is adamant that Google does not craft information itself but presents more and thus better choices. Some free-speech advocates are wary of Jigsaw’s work, as are people who advocate for journalists. “Companies have a lot of potential to create solutions, but I hate to think what repressive governments might do with those same tools,” says Courtney Radsch, the advocacy director for Committee to Protect Journalists and an expert on cyberharassment of reporters. We might not want to grant online anonymity, say, to a building full of secret government trolls—but anonymity is also a tool for a journalist working in a repressive regime. Which is to say that new products make for new complicated questions: Who decides what results or videos should be restricted? And mostly, can the companies that got us into this mess be trusted to get us out? Green travels less than she used to, but she’s been all over—Kiev, Syria, around the Middle East. The value Jigsaw puts on gathering information face-to-face is itself a critique of the typical data-is-everything Silicon Valley way. “Imagine a group of tech employees in a windowless office deciding they’re going to solve a problem for, say, Syrians,” Green says. “You’ll be well meaning, but you’ll get it wrong. I want to get perspectives that we don’t already have.” Looking, listening: The optimism that infuses Green’s work is very personal. Geopolitics is something she thinks about at home all the time. “I have a daughter who is half Iranian, half Jewish. I want her to go to Iran, but she can’t—I get state-generated phishing attacks frequently. It’s a really big concern,” she says. “But I want to live in a world where she has access to people and culture, especially the ones that supply her heritage.” Green’s optimism is practical too, a way of steeling her team to take on what can seem like intractable issues. “We have to believe that we can do it,” she says. “If we’re deflated, then this thing’s not going to happen. When you feel momentum, when you can see that your own conviction mobilizes others—well, it’s really productive and rewarding to believe that you can change things.” Sittings Editor: Karen Kaiser. Hair: Adam Markarian; Makeup: Jen Myles. Produced by Disco Meisch for Liebling Productions. Recommended For You __title__ __category__ __title__ __category__ Vogue Fashion Beauty Culture Living Runway Magazine City Guides Videos Subscribe VOGUE VIP Vogue App Vogue Shop Promotions Vogue Archive Vogue Podcast Log In|Register Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Sign up for Newsletter Contact Press Subscriptions Digital Editions Vogue Worldwide UK India Italy Mexico Australia Germany Korea Spain Taiwan Russia France Brazil Japan Portugal Ukraine Turkey China Reprints/Permissions Media Kits Careers Condé Nast Digital Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Magazine Customer Service Sitemap © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (Effective 1/2/2014). Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached, or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 LG G6 Galaxy S8 Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Newest update to Google Clock lets you use any audio file as your alarm Apps & Games Newsby Brian Reigh13 hours ago 4 438 17 One thing I’ve always appreciated about Samsung’s Clock app was the ability to set any of your audio files as your alarm. After all, who wants to wake up to the same obnoxious tune every morning? Well, the latest update to Google’s own Clock app is finally bringing that feature as well as a few other minor improvements. See also: 10 best alarm clock apps for Android July 12, 2016 Google updated its Clock app to v5.0, and while it doesn’t bring anything huge, the refinements we see should make this clock app even better. The official changelog doesn’t reveal much: Set any audio file on your device as your alarm or timer sound Show seconds on your digital clock Several other new features & bug fixes But as you can see, one important change is the ability to set your own audio file as your alarm or timer sound. It may not sound like a big deal, but having the freedom to add more options on top of the default list of generic alarm sounds does make a huge difference in the morning, in my opinion. You can simply click on “Add new” in order to access what’s stored on your device. You can also have the app display time in seconds, which might come in handy for some. You can also have the app display time in seconds, which might come in handy for some. Other than that, it’s subtle refinements: the UI is now cleaner, more consistent, and has texts accompanying symbols. Time zones will now let you know how many hours they’re ahead or behind you. And once you go into screen saver mode, it will hide the virtual navigation buttons. If you have the app installed already, you should be able to see the update. If you don’t have the app and want to try it out, you can click the button below to download it: Download from Play Store Which clock app are you using at the moment? Let us know by leaving a comment below! Apps & Games News Google Clock, Clock app, Alarm app Alarm app, Clock app, Google Clock  Google Play Store  Android Police Brian Reigh Brian Reigh is a contributor at Android Authority, covering all Android-related news. He has always been passionate about technology, especially mobile technology. He is currently a student at Dartmouth College in Hanover, NH. Show 4 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 4 days ago57 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News HTC One A9 gets Android Nougat update on Sprint 48 minutes ago Here’s a look at the Huawei P10 in blue, gold and green 2 hours ago Google Phone 8.0 adds voicemail sharing and minor visual tweaks 2 hours ago Huawei may add to the already crowded field of voice-based digital assistants 6 hours ago LG G6 will have new UX for its 18:9 display, camera to have Square and Food m... 7 hours ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google Fiber has a new boss and is losing hundreds of employees Steve Kovach Feb. 15, 2017, 2:51 PM 10,512 facebook linkedin twitter email print George Frey/Reuters Google is significanly scaling back its high-speed internet business, eliminating hundreds of jobs, even as it brings on a new leader for the group. Access, the division of Google's parent company Alphabet that includes Google Fiber, hired Gregory McCray to be the new boss, Business Insider has confirmed. McCray was the CEO of Aero Communications before the new role at Alphabet, and is joining Access several months after the previous boss stepped down.  Access is also losing "hundreds" of employees and moving them to positions within Google itself. There will not be any layoffs related to the move. Employees will be placed in Google positions related to the company's key growth areas such as cloud, YouTube, and hardware. The hundreds of employees leaving Access are on top of the layoffs at Access last year after the company announced it was halting plans to expand Google Fiber to more cities, meaning the Access has a much smaller staff now. Craig Barratt, the former head of Access, also stepped down last year. Recently, there has been speculation that Alphabet will ultimately sell Google Fiber to another company. McCray is also on the board of CenturyLink, a company The Information recently speculated could be a buyer for Google Fiber. However, a source familiar with the matter says McCray will be stepping down from the CenturyLink board. The Access division doesn't just focus on Google Fiber. It's also exploring other ways to deliver high-speed broadband wirelessly. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Some Google self-driving car experts were paid so much they quit NOW WATCH: Science says parents of unsuccessful kids could have these 6 things in common Loading video... More: Google Alphabet Google Fiber facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google Fiber has a new boss and is losing hundreds of employees Google Fiber has a new boss and is losing hundreds of employees Google is significanly scaling back its... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryReport: Samsung to Announce Galaxy S8 Unveiling Date at MWC Next StoryTim’s Favorite Tech Stuff Right Now by Kellex on Feb 15, 2017 @droid_life News Home Share this Story Google Home and Amazon Echo Could Become Your New Home Phone The push for home speaker assistants in your house could lead to the extinction of your home phone, assuming Google and Amazon have their way in the near future. According to a report out of the Wall Street Journal, both companies are looking at ways to integrate a home phone service into products like Google Home and Amazon Echo.  On a basic level, Google and Amazon would hope that after you look-up an item (ex: a restaurant) or want to have a more direct hands-free conversation with someone, you could then tell your home assistant speaker to place a call. The call would then allow you have a speakerphone-like call through your speaker. The idea makes a lot of sense if you don’t mind placing calls over speakerphone regularly. As today’s report notes, there are some issues there, though, that need to be worked out. For one, how would you end a call? Would you use a hotword? Maybe, but that could be spoken during the call and cut someone off. What about privacy and the fact that these speaker assistants tend to record bits of audio throughout a day? I can’t imagine any of us would be OK with our phone conversations being recorded by either Google or Amazon. Would Google have to launch a new voice service, or somehow integrate Google Voice? What would Amazon do since they don’t even currently have a voice service solution? At this point, it sounds like both companies are still working all of that out, but could still launch voice-related products through Home and Echo before the end of the year. The best guess is that each will place calls using VoIP, with Amazon even considering handing out phone numbers to your Echo. Another idea suggests that we could see a Google Voice-like scenario where calls ring on your phone and speaker, so you can decide where you want to take them. Or maybe Amazon and Google will simply allow you to connect Skype or another service, rather than launch their own. Thoughts? Via:  Wall Street Journal Post navigation Previous StoryReport: Samsung to Announce Galaxy S8 Unveiling Date at MWC Next StoryTim’s Favorite Tech Stuff Right Now Patel Nisha It makes sense and should be an easy update…use the speaker on the device in the same manner as Bluetooth headphones work with a smartphone. We don’t need an Echo or a Google Home device requiring a SIM card in order to make and receive phone calls. Hell, my Sync3 system in my F150 can make/receive phone calls and text messages via it’s Bluetooth connection to my phone. NexusMan Is anyone else experiencing deteriorating Google Home performance? The exact opposite of what I expected, my devices are seeming to get worse and worse. They no longer hear me as well as they did right out of the box, over the past 2 days they stopped being able to play my music playlists…instead they don’t understand me and play random radio stations, and commands to control my lights don’t always work, like before. WTF? Sporttster I don’t understand the desire for something that listens to everything you do. No privacy concerns here? mcdonsco Would be awesome, but would want it ties to my actual cell number. Not sure how or if that can be done, but… reyalP Why not implement some type of continuity with your cellphone like Apple does with its line of products. ctk4949 Google Voice/Fi + Google Home = YES!! MKader17 “What about privacy and the fact that these speaker assistants tend to record bits of audio throughout a day?” If you own a Google Home you should be so passed worrying about this. Sean Lally When is Home getting Reminders is my only thought… Cael “OK Google, hang up!” Walter Partlo My first thought was: people still have home phones? NexusMan yes. some do. Erinjdelarosa Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj259d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj259d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash259HomeBusinessGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj259d:….,…… sc0rch3d The timing/redesign of Google Voice would make sense. Maybe start with something small like….your phone must be connected to Google Home and it will handle the voice capability while the Home is just for audio purposes. Starting a call is easy, ending a call….well hot word detection might be nice and/or awkward, but tapping the home or hang up via phone works as a stop gap. Good_Ole_Pinocchio “What would Amazon do since they don’t even currently have a voice service solution?” They have the ground work and more. Chime https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2017/02/announcing-amazon-chime-frustration-free-online-meetings-with-exceptional-audio-and-video-quality/ gabe1989 i don’t own a google home. does it not currently operate as a speakerphone for your phone calls? seems pretty basic functionality wise. everything is already there to do it: internet connection, speaker, and the mic. might as well have the option to answer a call from your phone. KoTiell Nah right now you can’t even send a text message. gabe1989 damn that is so weird to me that these phone functions aren’t already integrated. maybe its due to the fact there may be multiple phones on the same wifi network and google home would need to know which phone to send it from. but that could easily be integrated as part of the “ok google send a text from such and such phone to such and such contact” command. Under the bridge downtown I can see my kid sending texts and making calls on my phone when I am in another room. Clusterfcuk. KoTiell Yeah I assume that’s why it isn’t incorporated yet. Not until they can tell who each person talking is. Jackal Frost Now I see why Google started updating Voice again. trixnkix637 The dependency on mobile phones killed the home phone long ago. Smart Home products like Google Home and Amazon Echo are just extensions of that dependency I feel. About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai The Google Assistant can now call up personal info via Allo Kyle Wiggers Digital TrendsFebruary 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share google assistant allo info io headerMore Allo, a member of a cadre of Google messaging apps that includes Duo, Spaces, Messenger, and Voice, is more than just another way to keep in touch with friends. It’s one of the few ways most Android users can interact with the Google Assistant, Google’s artificially intelligent service that’s otherwise reserved for the Pixel and Google Home. It’s already pretty smart — it can toggle a flashlight, set reminders, ask for directions, and even take screenshots — but now, it’s becoming even more cognizant with the addition of personal reminders. Personal reminders, which became available for some users Wednesday morning, provide a convenient way to store contacts, calendar appointments, airline reservations, phone numbers, and more with the Google Assistant. Typing “@google” (without quotes) in an Allo conversation pulls up the Assistant, and tapping on the Assistant icon shows you all the information it has on hand. (Try asking “What are my upcoming flights,” for example, or “Show me my upcoming appointments.”) A subsequent Share option lets you share the information with another chat participant. More: Everything you need to know about Google Assistant Unfortunately, there aren’t many tweakable parameters. You can’t share information with another contact in a one-on-one Allo conversation, and you can’t keep requests for information from Allo hidden from folks who might be keen on perusing your history. But the ability to share information could be useful in certain situations. You can have the Assistant provide a friend’s contact info in a group conversation, for example, or have the Google Assistant call up flight details in a conversation with fellow travelers. As Engadget points out, the feature isn’t exactly groundbreaking. Google Hangouts, one of Allo’s predecessors, gained the ability to offer “smart suggestions” based on contextual clues a few months back — if a friend asks “where are you?” for instance, it will prompt you to share your location. And Facebook recently launched a feature for its “M” Messenger AI assistant that offers you the opportunity to share your location, respond to messages with appropriate stickers, or even point friends in the direction of shopping and travel info. The personal reminders function appears to be a server-side change, meaning not everyone’s likely to see it right away. But as long as you’ve updated to the latest version of Allo, you’ve got the best shot at getting it first. More: Nvidia Shield and other Android TV devices get Google Assistant integration Google’s under pressure to prop up Allo’s declining popularity. It took the app four days to score 5 million downloads after its September 2016 launch day, but an additional three months to accumulate another 5 million downloads. And last week, Android Police reported that the messaging app has dropped out of the top 500 most-downloaded apps on the Play Store. A lack of desktop client and SMS support are likely to blame for the recent dips, but if Google keeps adding new features at a steady clip, there might yet be a chance to reverse the downward trend. Everything you need to know about Google Assistant Google Allo is now available in Hindi for users in one of its fastest-growing markets OK, Google, what can you do? Tips and tricks for the Google Home Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Trump now owns Obamacare 7554 messages3%65%32% The No. 1 Stock to Own for 2017 Banyan HillSponsored Justin Bieber might have thrown shade at The Weeknd Mom Says This Photo Shows the Ghost of Her Son Watching Over His Twin 1178 messages3%78%19% Police brutality protests in Paris suburbs 44 messages2%69%29% Unlimited Data Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored Inside one of world's largest mermaid convention's fin-tastic weekend ‘Deadliest Catch’ Family Joins in Mourning the Loss of Bering Sea Brothers Aboard the F/V Destination 508 messages8%63%29% Melania Trump Is ‘Miserable’ as First Lady, ‘Unhappy With How Her Life Ended Up’ 3585 messages4%57%39% The Last Diet You'll Ever Need The Mayo Clinic DietSponsored Scarlett Johansson Talks About the Challenges of Monogamy After Splitting With Romain Dauriac 3977 messages6%71%23% Photos of the day - February 15, 2017 24 messages4%92%4% Questions surround Trump associates' reported communications with Russia 1 messages Apple's Nightmare Begins, and Investors Are Happy Wealth DailySponsored A crush of crises all but buries the young Trump White House 6503 messages4%57%39% 'I don't believe in fake news': 'Morning Joe' host explains why she barred Kellyanne Conway from the show 14399 messages5%57%38% North Dakota governor issues emergency evacuation order for Dakota Access Pipeline protest camp Steve: Liberals are pollution, period. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 266 Yahoo-ABC News Network Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Huawei Is Developing Its Own Voice Assistant for Smartphones One of China's largest smartphone makers wants to take on Siri. by Mark Gurman @markgurman More stories by Mark Gurman February 15, 2017, 1:57 PM EST Inside a testing center at Huawei's campus in Shenzhen, China. Brent Lewin/Bloomberg Huawei Technologies Co., the third-largest smartphone maker, is preparing to enter the competitive world of digital assistants with its own voice-powered service, people familiar with the matter said.  A team of more than a hundred engineers is in the early stages of developing the technology at its Shenzhen, China offices, one of the people said. The efforts are extensive and are aimed at Apple Inc.'s Siri, Amazon.com Inc.'s Alexa, and Alphabet Inc.'s Google Assistant, not smaller players, the person said. Huawei's assistant would communicate in Chinese languages and target domestic users while the company will continue to work with Google and Amazon outside China, one of the other people said. They asked not to be identified as the details are private.  Building its own answer to Siri may help Huawei devices stand out in a crowded Chinese market, where many Google services that come with the dominant Android smartphone operating system are blocked.  Huawei is targeting $33 billion in sales from its consumer business this year. The company trails only Apple and Samsung Electronics Co. in global smartphone shipments as it pushes upmarket with premium features.  Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Having a major Android device manufacturer choose to build a voice assistant in-house may throw another wrench in Google's plans. Huawei last month announced it would use Alexa on its Mate 9 smartphones in the U.S. Currently, the Google Assistant only runs on Google's Pixel smartphone, Home speaker and smartwatches running the latest version of the Android Wear software. The largest online search company is trying to get third-party device makers to pre-install its assistant, according to people familiar with the talks. Spokespeople for Huawei and Google declined to comment.  Huawei is not the first Android device manufacturer to develop its own service over using Google's. Samsung acquired Viv Labs last year, a startup formed by some Siri founders, to serve as the basis for its own voice assistant. Samsung plans to release the first devices with this new technology later this year. Chinese search giant Baidu Inc. announced its own voice service in 2015. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Americans Just Broke the Psychologists’ Stress Record Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' Calls for Russia Probe Mount for White House Reeling From Flynn Fallout The Political Assassination of Michael Flynn Trump's F-35 Calls Came With a Surprise: Rival CEO Was Listening Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Android Wear 2.0 isn't coming to SmartWatch 3, confirms Sony 29 minutes ago Huawei P10 leaked in blue, gold and green ahead of Mobile World Congress reveal 1 hour ago Hip to be square: LG's G6 teaser shows how its unique 'Full Vision' display could work 3 hours ago Apple may ditch the home button for new "function area" 3 hours ago View all recent news Sticky Notes for Windows 10 now let's you make a new note from the taskbar 4 hours ago Microsoft Authenticator beta updated on iOS; now allows users to edit accounts 4 hours ago You can enter the Halo Wars 2 launch drawing for prizes and catch a live stream on the 16th 5 hours ago Halo Wars 2 limited edition prints will be available for sale starting February 16 5 hours ago View all Microsoft news Moto G5 and G5 Plus specs and pictures leak ahead of Mobile World Congress 13 hours ago Google I/O dates officially revealed; application process will start February 22 13 hours ago Google ordered to pay $20 million for Chrome's infringement of anti-malware patents 14 hours ago Samsung's Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order Feb 15, 2017 View all Google news Apple may ditch the home button for new "function area" 3 hours ago Microsoft Authenticator beta updated on iOS; now allows users to edit accounts 4 hours ago Apple to oppose 'right to repair' law in Nebraska, saying users might hurt themselves 23 hours ago Apple releases the first trailer of its reality show 'Planet of the Apps' Feb 14, 2017 View all Apple news PicPick 4.2.3 11 minutes ago MusicBrainz Picard 1.4 13 hours ago WinSCP 5.9.4 14 hours ago Internet Download Manager 6.27 Build 5 15 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: Amazfit Pace is an activity tracker that needs to hit the gym for some massive gains Feb 14, 2017 Review of Synology's Surveillance Station, a free IP camera tool for Synology NAS devices Feb 13, 2017 Oukitel U20 Plus review: Dual-lens camera for under $100 Feb 6, 2017 A review of the Oukitel U13 - jump in the low end Feb 6, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Unboxing Logitech's new BRIO webcam, which supports Windows Hello, 4K streaming, and more Feb 12, 2017 First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 View all unboxings OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad Feb 15, 2017 Samsung releases 128GB "Black Pearl" S7 edge in New Zealand with bonus 256GB microSD card Feb 15, 2017 Microsoft: Windows 10 Mobile builds will keep coming "beyond release of the Creators Update" 16 hours ago Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.221 Feb 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get this Microsoft Programming Certification Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals 19 hours ago Get a lifetime subscription to the Virtual Training Company for just $89 via Neowin Deals Feb 14, 2017 Get this Complete IT Cloud Architect Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Feb 13, 2017 Become a Professional Python Programmer for just $11.70 via Neowin Deals Feb 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Google I/O dates officially revealed; application process will start February 22 By Timi Cantisano News Reporter Neowin LLC @timicantisano · 13 hours ago with 3 comments Towards the end of last month, Google announced the time and location of its I/O developer conference in a cryptic message on Twitter. Today, the I/O website has been properly updated and is also giving out details about the application process for those that want to attend. While the developer conference used to be on a first come, first serve basis, the past few years have seen an incredible surge of folks trying to attend, leaving many out in the cold. Google changed the application format by making it a random drawing. As noted on the I/O website, the application process will start on February 22 at 10am PT and will end February 27 at 5pm PT. Google did offer a couple things to keep in mind while applying which have been detailed below. Keep in mind: -- The order in which applications are received has no bearing on the outcome. Applicants will be chosen at random after the drawing application window has ended. -- Only one application per person is allowed. -- The selected applicants will be automatically charged and will receive their ticket via email on February 28th. Google's I/O 2017 will be located at the Shoreline Amphitheatre in Mountain View, California, for the second year in a row and will take place over three days starting on May 17. Source: Google Tags Google io Io Io 2017 Google Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Nokia Mobile holds a bizarre Facebook Live stream touting the Nokia 3310 Next Story Starting August 15, 2017, PlayStation Now to be discontinued for PS3, PS Vita, and more Advertisement Community Activity Refresh OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad in Front Page News Android Wear 2.0 isn't coming to SmartWatch 3, confirms Sony in Front Page News Oklahoma Man Arrested in Police "Chase" @ 208mph in a Mustang in The Neobahn Hip to be square: LG's G6 teaser shows how its unique 'Full Vision' display could work in Front Page News PicPick 4.2.3 in Front Page News Not just Surface Book: Microsoft raises Surface Pro 4 UK prices by up to 12% due to Brexit in Front Page News Microsoft commits to complying with the EU's GDPR across its cloud services by May 25, 2018 in Front Page News Half-Life 3 confirmed! Oh, wait... no, Valve staff is just messing with you in Front Page News Trending Stories OnePlus does it again by releasing a truly cringeworthy ad Feb 15, 2017 with 38 comments Samsung releases 128GB "Black Pearl" S7 edge in New Zealand with bonus 256GB microSD card Feb 15, 2017 with 5 comments Microsoft: Windows 10 Mobile builds will keep coming "beyond release of the Creators Update" 16 hours ago with 21 comments Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.221 Feb 14, 2017 with 10 comments Related Stories Google announces time and place for its 2017 I/O conference Jan 25, 2017 Nexus 6 owners claim Android 7.1.1 Nougat update has caused speakerphone issues Jan 11, 2017 Android malware attacks your router through your smartphone Jan 4, 2017 · Hot! Microsoft Edge now supports Google's open-sourced Brotli compression algorithm Dec 20, 2016 · Hot! deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Xamarin Cross Platform Development Bundle $1,046.00 $35.00 97% off Big Data and Hadoop Analytics Certification Bundle $799.00 $59.00 93% off The Complete Android N Developer Course - Build 17 Apps $200.00 $17.00 92% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Show Comments 3 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Michael Flynn Donald Trump ObamaCare SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Perez interrupted by progressive protesters Blog Briefing Room — 5h 11m ago Report: Trump ally to review intelligence agencies Administration — 5h 34m ago Chaffetz asks DOJ inspector general to investigate Flynn leaks House — 6h 13m ago Report: ICE detains domestic violence victim in court Administration — 6h 54m ago Report: Intelligence officials withhold information from Trump Administration — 7h 31m ago Jake Tapper fires back: Media didn't fire Flynn, Trump did Blog Briefing Room — 7h 36m ago Venezuela cuts CNN in Spanish Blog Briefing Room — 7h 39m ago Corker: Senate GOP discussing best path for Russia probe Floor Action — 7h 40m ago view all   FCC should whack privacy rules that favor Google and Facebook By Roger Entner, opinion contributor - 02/15/17 02:20 PM EST 0   © Greg Nash Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai remarked in a December 2016 speech that his agency should “fire up the weed whacker” and get rid of numerous regulations that the previous administration put in place on a partisan basis. As the first target, I would suggest the broadband consumer privacy regulations that were hastily adopted just a few days before November's election. In a significant departure from a more than 20-year-old bipartisan, technology-neutral online privacy framework, Obama’s FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler chose to impose a new set of restrictions  on broadband providers as it applied to personal information considered sensitive. Perversely, consumer privacy today is no more protected than it was before the new rules were adopted. That’s because the very companies whose entire business model is centered around monetizing consumers’ private information were not affected by the FCC’s actions. As a result, consumers who care about their privacy are arguably even worse off than before. ADVERTISEMENT It appears that the Wheeler FCC was unaware of the reality of today’s digital advertising market. After all, an FCC chairman who repeatedly reminded the market that his mantra was “competition, competition, competition” wouldn’t put regulations in place that insulated dominant competitors from new competition.   Fixed and mobile internet advertising has merged into one market: digital advertising. All Internet advertising is digital and dominated by Google and Facebook, which control more than 60 percent of combined market share. Along come the ISPs, led by Verizon and more recently AT&T, seeking to take some of this market share away by getting into the digital advertising business. Before either of these intrepid new market entrants took hold, the FCC pounced and imposed a set of restrictions exclusively on them, making it much harder for ISPs to directly compete against Google and Facebook. The Googles and Facebooks of this world can freely collect data on their users and use that information to create profiles that allow the companies to target advertising at their users with significantly more accuracy than the ISPs. Better targetable advertising means it takes fewer impressions to hit the right target audience and that eliminates inefficiencies, increases revenues for the advertising platform and reduces spam. With $17.6 billion in Q3 2016 revenue alone, and an annual run rate of over $70 billion, this is no small market. And all of the growth in digital advertising revenues from Q2 to Q3 2016 -- $2.9 billion -- was divided between Google and Facebook. Google dominates search with 76 percent of market share, online advertising with more than 50 percent of market share, mobile analytics with 95 percent of market share, and online video with more than 75 percent market share.  This explains why Google and Facebook are fighting ferociously to defend their turf. But is this something the FCC should be helping them with? The Wheeler privacy rules essentially cement the dominance of Google and Facebook, the very thing that a regulator should avoid, especially when it is reinforcing the two dominant providers in a market they do not regulate. We need more competition in the digital advertising space, not less. Consumers deserve consistent privacy protection regardless of what device, what service, what app or what network they are using. Consumers also deserve a digital marketplace replete with competitors going at it head to head for every consumer eyeball. A regulatory regime that distorts either of these should be avoided at all costs. Let us hope that Chairman Pai follows through on his promise to bring a weed whacker to ill-informed, anti-consumer, anti-competitive regulations like the FCC’s privacy rules.   Roger Entner is the founder and lead analyst at Recon Analytics, a company focused on providing syndicated research, custom consulting, and policy-related data analysis. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags FCC, Technology, Ajit Pai   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 GOP senators unnerved by Trump-... Senate Republicans are expressing growing concerns about the relationship... 253 Shares 2 FBI releases documents related to... The FBI on Wednesday released hundreds of pages of its notes surrounding... 249 Shares 3 Report: Intelligence officials... The information was withheld from the president in fear that that it would... 217 Shares 4 Schwarzenegger rips gerrymandering... Arnold Schwarzenegger says Congress is so unpopular that lawmakers “couldn... 144 Shares 5 'Morning Joe' host says show will... Co-host Mika Brzezinski says she will no longer allow senior White House... 135 Shares 6 Overnight Finance: Trump's Labor... Puzder withdraws nomination for Labor secretary: Andy Puzder on Wednesday... 108 Shares 7 Cyber executive order a reasonable... OPINION | The cybersecurity EO is a well thought out and reasonable step... 87 Shares 8 Schumer warns of possible cover-up... Following an emergency Democratic caucus meeting Wednesday, Senate... 80 Shares 9 House panel votes against... The House Ways and Means Committee on Tuesday rejected a Democratic push... 79 Shares 10 Under Armour CEO walks back... Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank on Wednesday published a full-page ad in his... 70 Shares 11 Report: Trump aiming to sign... The Senate is expected to vote on Scott Pruitt's nomination this week. 66 Shares 12 Priebus, Bannon trash reports of... In a joint phone call with The Hill on Wednesday, White House chief of... 65 Shares 13 Humana to drop out of ObamaCare at... The insurer said the market has not stabilized enough to participate next... 64 Shares 14 'Day Without a Woman' strike set... The group behind the Women’s March on Washington in protest of Donald... 57 Shares 15 Report: Trump ally to review... Feinberg is a member of Trump's economic advisory council and is a co-... 55 Shares 16 GOP senator calls for exhaustive... Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) on Tuesday said there should be an exhaustive... 51 Shares 17 Michael Moore to Trump: 'Vacate... "What part of 'vacate you Russian traitor' don't you understand?" liberal... 49 Shares 18 Trump signs repeal of transparency... The regulation would have required energy companies to disclose their... 49 Shares 19 GOP's 'centrist' concerns about... OPINION | Moderate Republicans in Congress should stop playing politics... 43 Shares 20 GOP rep: Intelligence community... Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) questioned the veracity of assessments by the... 43 Shares 21 Flynn puts FBI director back in... The spotlight is back on FBI Director James Comey thanks to Michael Flynn’... 43 Shares 22 Reporter was recorded during... “I didn’t know she was taping it,” Ryan said. “This is about her trying to... 42 Shares 23 Schumer tries to keep the peace as... Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) is trying to keep the peace in the Senate... 41 Shares 24 Trump failed his own test on good... Throughout the presidential campaign, Donald Trump repeated a particular... 41 Shares 25 Trump staffers using app that... Trump administration staffers are reportedly communicating by using an... 41 Shares 26 Report: ICE detains domestic... An undocumented woman who was allegedly a victim of domestic violence was... 41 Shares 27 Flynn's security clearance... The suspension is a normal administrative move for clearances under "... 41 Shares 28 The worst job in Washington?... OPINION | Donald McGahn, who serves as President Trump's Oval Office... 41 Shares 29 Trump to hold rally in Florida on... President Trump is getting back on the campaign trail. Trump will appear... 40 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google says despite Stagefright concerns, no infections found +2,617 Ashley King Feb 15th, 2017 Last year computer security experts shed some light on a vulnerability in Android dubbed Stagefright that could allow an attacker to perform actions on a user’s device through remote code execution. The vulnerability affected all Android devices on Froyo 2.2 and above, which led to several major carriers and SMS apps like Textra patching and releasing fixes to attempt to null the impact of such a widespread vulnerability. At an RSA security conference held in San Francisco, director of Android security Adrian Ludwig said that despite 95% of Android devices being at risk for attack, there were no confirmed cases of infection via the exploit. If you’re questioning how Ludwig and Google can know that, Ludwig explained that due to Google’s Verify Apps malware detection, they’re able to spot malicious apps installed on the more than 1.4 billion devices with Google Play Services enabled. It’s worth noting that doesn’t account for millions of devices from Chinese manufacturers and Amazon’s bevy of Android devices, as those don’t have GSP on the device. Ludwig says that most of the malware on Android isn’t as complex as would require an actual Stagefright exploit to be. Most malware originates as an app that installs other apps in the background. “Most of the abuse we get isn’t interesting from a security perspective. We see spamming ads for fake antivirus stuff but it’s really basic social engineering. Even if malware is installed it seldom involved privilege escalation, it primarily just downloads other apps.” Despite Ludwig’s claims of no confirmed infections, Stagefright is the reason we get those monthly security updates from Google that seem to turn into quarterly security updates in the hands of other manufacturers. local_offer    Android   Stagefright   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Google under investigation for anti-competitive practices with Android Google Play Store gets new Updates tab for tracking app updates How to set up a live wallpaper that mirrors your time of day 7 creative ways to reuse your old smartphones President Trump is still using his unsecured Android phone stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGet a free pizza from T-Mobile and Papa John's closeGet some free pizza courtesy of Papa John’s and T-Mobile Tuesdays Starting on February 14th, and lasting for 4 weeks, T-Mobile has partnered with Papa John’s to give T-Mobile Tuesday users a free large pizza and 25% off regular menu orders. 2 more_vertThe Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirety closeThe Moto G5 Plus has been confirmed after showing up via an online retailer The upcoming Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirely after the device was published through an online retailer. The listing confirms many of the rumors regarding the device. 3 more_vertYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T closeYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T, but you’ll have to wait The 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T is now available for purchase, despite the device not shipping for 8 days. The 128GB variant is priced at $479, compared to $439 for the 64GB version. 4 more_vertDEAL: Get a tablet for free from T-Mobile closeT-Mobile is offering 2 free tablets for joining T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile is offering either a free Samsung Tab E or LG G Pad X 8.0 when purchasing the tablet through installment plans and signing up for T-Mobile ONE with at least 6GB of data. 5 more_vertVerizon brings back unlimited data plans closeVerizon surprisingly reintroduces Unlimited Data plans starting at $80 per month Verizon has announced it will be introducing an unlimited data plan for $80 per month, starting tomorrow, February 13th. 6 more_vertHow to remove apps closeHow to remove unwanted apps from your Android phone If you’re using an Android phone that isn’t a Pixel, there’s a pretty good chance it came with a bunch of pre-loaded apps that you have no intention of ever using. Thankfully, you can now remove almost any app. 7 more_vertHow to turn off screen overlay closeWhat to do when you get the annoying “screen overlay detected” message Android has gotten a lot more user-friendly over the years, but there are still some things that can leave users scratching their heads. One of the most annoying recent Android problems is the “screen overlay detected” message. 8 more_vertGoogle and Amazon prepare to battle it out in 2017 closeGoogle may have to play catchup with Amazon’s Alexa Amazon’s Alexa stole the show at CES 2017 and this may be cause for concern for Google’s planned expansion of Google Assistant. 9 more_vertPre-order the Samsung Chromebook Plus closeThe new Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order The Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order for $499 from Amazon, Best Buy, Newegg, and the Google Store. The Chromebook Plus launches on Feb. 13th. 10 more_vertEverything we know about the LG G6 closeHere’s everything we know so far about the LG G6 With Mobile World Congress 2017 looming, we take a look at all of the rumors surrounding the LG G6 and what could be coming from LG’s 2017 flagship. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team GIVEAWAYPost Your Job on CrunchBoard and You'll be Entered to Win 2 Tickets to SXSW. Post Your Job to Enter Media Your in-car attention is media’s next battleground Comcast rolls out a new Stream TV app for its cable and internet TV customers PewDiePie’s YouTube Red series gets cancelled after vlogger posts anti-Semitic content Browse more... Google Google teams up with Kaggle to host $100,000 video classification challenge U.S. motor vehicle deaths see biggest two year jump in over 50 years, per NSC Google launches Cloud Spanner, its new globally distributed relational database service Browse more... News Crunch Report | Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute Crunch Report | Youtuber Pewdiepie Gets in Trouble Crunch Report | Flying Car for $400,000 Browse more... Google expands fact-checked news to Brazil, Mexico & Argentina Posted 14 hours ago by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Microsoft open sources a simulator for training drones, self-driving cars and more In October, Google announced it would begin highlighting fact-checked resources in its Google News vertical, allowing readers to more easily find links to reputable sources of factual information related to major stories. Today, Google says it’s expanding this feature to new markets, including Brazil, Mexico and Argentina. The company had previously launched fact checks outside the U.S., with the addition of France and Germany in November of last year. The fact checks will be available on Google News, in the expanded story box, as well as in the Google News & Weather iOS and Android applications, says Google. In addition, the fact check tag will be visible in the new countries in “news mode” in Google Search. That means you’ll see the fact checked articles appear in the main groupings when you search for a given news topic, then click over to the News tab. The articles will be identified with the label “fact check,” which appears beneath the URL. This is one of several ways Google labels its links in Google News – the company has historically tagged articles as “In-Depth” or “Opinion,” when warranted, as well. Fact checking sources of information on the web has been a topic of heightened debate in the wake of U.S. elections where partisan websites and those misreporting (or outright lying in order to turn a profit) were believed to have influenced the vote. The rallying cry of “fake news” has since been used by those on both sides of the table, but most egregiously by President Trump as a means to discredit news reports and media organizations he doesn’t like. Fact check resources, however, are not fake news. Instead, they contain the verifiable, ethically sourced facts that the news stories reference, without the accompanying spin. The industry has grown substantially in recent years. Google notes that there are now over 120 organizations worldwide that are focused on this issue. Google has gotten directly involved itself, as has Facebook, which finally admitted that – well, maybe it was a media company after all.  Earlier this month, Google announced Crosscheck, a project involving roughly 20 French newsrooms and the First Draft Coalition, which aimed to help fact check news stories during the French elections. Google is also supporting 10 other projects across Europe focused on fact checking through the Digital Initiative Fund. Publishers who want their work labeled with the Fact Check tag can use the open ClaimReview schema from schema.org in their stories. To use this markup, publishers have to meet a certain set of criteria common to all fact checking resources. Google says it will remove sites from Google News or ignore the markup when the publisher doesn’t follow the prescribed guidelines. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes News Google Media Popular Posts Featured Stories Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute | Crunch Report VIDEO | 4:00 | Crunch Report CRISPR-Cas9 inventor Jennifer Doudna’s plans on moving forward, genetically modifying humans 7 hours ago | Sarah Buhr Facebook’s new job opening posts poach business from LinkedIn 12 hours ago | Josh Constine Judge rules CRISPR-Cas9 patents belong to Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT 13 hours ago | Megan Rose Dickey Verizon reportedly closes in on a Yahoo acquisition with a $250M discount 16 hours ago | Anthony Ha Latest From TechCrunch Baidu furthers AI push with acquisition of digital assistant startup Raven Tech 1 hour ago | Jon Russell Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet 3 hours ago | Connie Loizos Crunch Report | Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute 5 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Dorsey: Twitter still has “a long way to go” 6 hours ago | Katie Roof Comment moderation powered by Up Next Microsoft open sources a simulator for training drones, self-driving cars and more Posted 14 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Firmware Engineer @ Athos at Athos (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Account Executive @ Sauce Labs at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Senior Product Manager @ Thanx at Thanx (San Francisco, CA, United States) Report Developer at cleverbridge (Chicago, IL, United States) Software Engineer at Magoosh (Berkeley, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Baidu furthers AI push with acquisition of digital assistant startup Raven Tech 1 hour ago by Jon Russell Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet 3 hours ago by Connie Loizos Crunch Report | Judge Rules CRISPR-Cas9 Belongs to Broad Institute 5 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Dorsey: Twitter still has “a long way to go” 6 hours ago by Katie Roof CRISPR-Cas9 inventor Jennifer Doudna’s plans on moving forward, genetically modifying humans 7 hours ago by Sarah Buhr Google teams up with Kaggle to host $100,000 video classification challenge 10 hours ago by Frederic Lardinois Reddit tweaks and renames public front page 10 hours ago by Devin Coldewey UK startup PawSquad brings the vet to your door, on demand 10 hours ago by Natasha Lomas Huawei said to be building its own voice assistant 11 hours ago by Brian Heater Elon Musk posts, then deletes, tweets calling Trump’s immigration ban “not right” 12 hours ago by Darrell Etherington
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A 7-year-old girl asked Google for a job and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai Matt Weinberger Feb. 15, 2017, 2:03 PM 555,416 facebook linkedin twitter email print Chloe Bridgewater, who lives in Hereford, England, has a little more drive than most 7-year-olds. Fascinated by her Kindle Fire tablet and robots — and totally taken by the idea of working somewhere with bean-bag chairs, go-karts, and slides — Chloe decided to apply for a job at Google. Here's Chloe's letter, shared with Business Insider by her father, Andy Bridgewater: Andy Bridgewater Super cute, right? Imagine her surprise and delight when she got a letter back from the CEO of Google, Sundar Pichai, who encouraged her to follow her dreams. "I look forward to receiving your job application when you are finished with school! :)" he wrote. Take a look at the letter, shared in a viral LinkedIn post by Andy earlier this week: Andy Bridgewater (Business Insider has confirmed the veracity of the letter.) In that LinkedIn post, Andy said the letter was a much-needed confidence booster for Chloe, who was "knocked down" by a car years ago. Chloe Bridgewater with her dad, Andy. Andy Bridgewater Chloe's fascination with Google began recently, Andy told Business Insider, when she asked her father where his ideal place to work would be. Andy currently works in sales for a refrigeration-system parts manufacturer. "And I said, 'Oh, Google would be a nice place to work,'" he said, because of its world-famous perks and the cutting-edge work it does. When Chloe decided she wanted to work there, too, her father encouraged her to apply and "get the ball rolling," he said. All the attention garnered from Pichai's response has redoubled Chloe's drive to work for Google. Andy says his daughter now wants to find a way into the Silicon Valley-based company through going on TV and talking to the media. He's largely resisted, though, saying he wants her to focus on her studies and develop her skills. But Andy wants to brush up on his own technological skills to catch up with Chloe. "Sadly, I think I've got to up my game," he said. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Bill Gates once stayed up until 4 a.m. to write a game that Apple thought was 'embarrassing' NOW WATCH: The meteoric rise of Google CEO Sundar Pichai Loading video... More: Google Sundar Pichai Chloe Bridgewater Andy Bridgewater LinkedIn Perks Employee Perks Google perks facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A 7-year-old girl asked Google for a job and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai A 7-year-old girl asked Google for a job and got a personal response from CEO Sundar Pichai Chloe Bridgewater, who lives in Hereford... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Trudeau in Washington Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Watch our videos Education hub Our Archives Download our app Trudeau in Washington News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Scott Gilmore Aaron Hutchins Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Jennifer Robson Evan Solomon Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   0 Google argues against ‘punitive’ tax proposal for digital media Last month, a report called on Ottawa to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market Terry Pedwell, The Canadian Press February 15, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Justin Tang/CP OTTAWA – Proposals for tax changes aimed at helping Canadian publishers fight for revenues with online news aggregators would result in a punitive “tax on advertisers,” executives from Google Canada and Facebook Canada told a Commons committee studying the country’s media industry. That’s because tax laws currently on the books designed to prop up the industry are archaic and simply don’t apply to the Internet age, Jason Kee, Google Canada’s head of policy and government relations, told the heritage committee Tuesday. Kee said he had concerns over how such changes would be implemented. “Long story short, it’s essentially a tax on Canadian advertisers,” he said. A report commissioned by the Department of Heritage and unveiled late last month called on Ottawa to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market and use the new revenue stream to establish an independent, publicly subsidized journalism fund. The independent think-tank Public Policy Forum recommended that advertising with foreign-owned websites no longer be deductible under the federal Income Tax Act. The report, authored by former journalist Edward Greenspon, said that, by extending a 10 per cent withholding tax to commercials and advertising carried by foreign digital media, the government could create a new revenue stream of up to $400 million annually. MORE: Canadians support journalism. But who will pay for it? But Kee said that assumes a direct relationship between an advertiser and a publisher that doesn’t actually exist in the digital world, but which does for traditional media under a policy dating from the 1960s. “So as a result, a change in tax treatment could actually be punitive and there may not actually be an alternative (way to advertise),” he said. Facebook Canada’s Kevin Chan added that the committee should be asking Canadian advertisers what they think of the tax change proposal, suggesting they might shed more light on how the potential changes would affect them. The appearance by representatives of the social media aggregators was the first since both firms pledged to roll out tools in Canada designed to crack down on so-called “fake news.” Both Facebook and Google said they planned to unveil those tools in Canada soon — as they have already in the United States and elsewhere — to help users discern between credible news and what they term “misrepresentative content.” Chan told the committee the tools will be introduced slowly and will at first be “narrow in scope” over concerns that legitimate news might be deemed “fake news” after being flagged by users who simply might not agree with a story, even if it’s accurate. Heritage Minister Melanie Joly held consultations last fall where media industry representatives argued in favour of an Internet tax or at least a sales tax on streamed digital content to help pay for Canadian content. While Joly has insisted there would be “no Netflix” tax under the Liberal government, she has deferred questions about a potential sales tax to the Finance Department. MORE: Canadian news industry at a ‘crunch point’ report argues But a spokesperson for Finance Minister Bill Morneau said last month that expanding the Goods and Services Tax to Netflix was not in the works. Foreign-based streaming services are technically subject to sales tax on their Canadian sales, but no system has ever been established to collect the tax. Revenue for Canadian news content providers, including traditional media, has dwindled as advertising dollars shift to online news aggregator services. Pollster Allan Gregg at Earnscliffe Strategy Group, has said Canadians have enjoyed faster access to more content than ever before, thanks to the Internet, and don’t see a crisis in the news business. A majority of those he has polled are dead-set against taxpayers propping up the industry, Gregg added. Joly told the Canadian Media Producers Association earlier this month that Canadians she has heard from want all media providers to be treated equally, but they don’t want to see their Internet bills go up. “We have to bear in mind that Canadians are anxious about their cost of living,” Joly said. Joly has promised to unveil a cultural strategy this year aimed in part at bolstering job growth in Canada’s cultural sector, with an emphasis on cultural exports. The minister is also expected to announce soon the results of her wide-ranging review of Canada’s media and cultural industries. Joly’s office has called the shifts in news revenue streams “significant,” and said the government hopes its Canadian content consultations can help it assess how to best support the production of local, credible and reliable news and information. The heritage committee is expected to report to Parliament by spring. Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Canadian media facebook Google Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous The most innocent explanation for Kremlingate. (It’s still bad.) Next Trump sons to attend hotel opening in Vancouver Leave a comment Hide comments Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories Will Microsoft be LinkedIn's saviour? Don't bet on it. Google and Facebook pledge to crack down on fake Canadian news Chatbots, software butlers and digital assistants, oh my A $45B birth announcement Quebec adoptees use Facebook to question their origins Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   The most chilling image from the Trudeau-Trump visit 13 comments When Trudeau sold out to the Trumps 12 comments The most innocent explanation for Kremlingate. (It’s still bad.) 4 comments WestJet pilot orders pizza for stranded Air Canada passengers Stuart McLean, host of ‘Vinyl Cafe,’ passes away Kevin O’Leary is still confusing debt with deficits 10 comments Daily Trump Tracker: Joe Trudeau? Not quite. 1 comment Debunking the myths you think you know about baby boomers 1 comment Why buy a city home when you can get a whole town instead? Trudeau’s (early) valentine to the Aga Khan 7 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google Home and Amazon Echo could gain ability to make phone calls Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | February 15, 2017 22 shares 20 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               The Amazon Echo and Google Home already have quite a few tricks up their sleeves, but soon they may be gaining a big new one: the ability to act like a phone. Amazon and Google are considering adding the ability to make and receive calls to the Echo and Home, respectively, say sources speaking to The Wall Street Journal. The features could launch as soon as this year. While Amazon and Google are looking at adding phone calling functionality to their smart speaker devices, there are some concerns that they’ve got with such a feature. Those include privacy, telecom regulations, emergency services, and just the plain ol’ awkwardness that some people might feel about conducting a phone call on a speaker. Amazon is also reportedly working on its own set of issues, like getting the Echo to sync with your phone number or possibly just getting the Echo its own phone number. The ability to make phone calls on the Echo or Home would have its pros and cons. It could be handy to be able to just shout at your device to make a call like you do with other actions, especially if your smartphone isn’t nearby. However, conducting a phone call on your Echo or Home wouldn’t be private at all, so you’d have to be ok with everyone around you hearing every bit of your conversation. What do you think of this rumor? Would you like the ability to make phone calls with an Amazon Echo or Google Home? Source:  WSJ Android Rumors and Leaks Google Amazon Previous ArticleMoto G5 and Moto G5 Plus images and specs leak out Next ArticleHuawei P10 will make its debut at MWC 2017 Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Moto G5 and Moto G5 Plus images and specs leak out Huawei said to be creating its own mobile voice assistant Sony confirms SmartWatch 3 won't get Android Wear 2.0 update LG touts G6's 18:9 FullVision display and its special software features View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Verizon (finally) launching unlimited data plan Logan Abbott 3 days 9 hours ago 718 shares 653 51 0 9 0 0 0 2 3 Samsung Galaxy S7: One Year Later Marco Hanna 1 week 4 days ago 5 shares 1 1 0 2 0 0 0 1 0 LG G6: 5 Things to Expect! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 days ago 10 shares 5 1 0 0 0 0 1 3 0 Honor 6X Review: Best Budget Smartphone? Marco Hanna 2 weeks 5 days ago 8 shares 3 3 0 1 0 0 0 0 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 16 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × HTC 10 15 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel 6 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG V20 5 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 15 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 4 2 3 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG V20 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Are you switching to Verizon OpenSignal report on US networks AT&T now offers VoLTE roaming AT&T to begin deploying 5G How much data do you use per month? T-Mobile now giving free year of AT&T launching International Sprint News Verizon vs. T-Mobile ' Are you switching to Verizon OpenSignal report on US networks RingPlus suing Sprint days before Sprint rolls out three-carrier Sprint reveals Super Bowl LI ad, Cell Phone Deals February 2017 T-Mobile News T-Mobile ditching HD day passes Verizon vs. T-Mobile ' T-Mobile adds HD video and 10GB of Are you switching to Verizon OpenSignal report on US networks Buy a Galaxy S7 or S7 edge from T- T-Mobile to give back what you pay Verizon Wireless Verizon vs. T-Mobile ' Verizon Wireless Offers Free T-Mobile adds HD video and 10GB of Verizon's return to unlimited Are you switching to Verizon Verizon (finally) launching Verizon's Total Mobile PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Google Cloud leader lays out ambitious plans for the enterprise Google Cloud leader lays out ambitious plans for the enterprise The head of Google’s enterprise business says the consumer giant has unique attributes in data management, analytics and machine learning that differentiate its cloud offerings. Matt Kapko (CIO (US)) 16 February, 2017 05:45 - - - - print email Comments The IT world is going through an unprecedented transformation that impacts how enterprises operate and leverage opportunities within mobile, data and the cloud, according to Diane Greene, senior vice president of Google Cloud. Greene has been leading Google’s enterprise business since late 2015, focusing much of her attention on reorganizing Google’s approach to the enterprise market and the big customers it wants to win over. “I’ve never seen the kind of growth that’s going on here,” she said this week during an appearance at the Goldman Sachs Technology and Internet Conference. Because of that, her biggest challenge is organizing and hiring for scale and she constantly has to declare just how serious Google is about becoming a force in the enterprise market. [ Related: Google cloud chief on tackling the enterprise ] Google says it was built for the enterprise While most of Google’s success comes from its consumer services and the advertising associated with those apps, Greene says Google was built to be a giant in the enterprise as well. “We have the cloud for the enterprise because the enterprise has to lean into data and that’s what Google was built for, so I feel very good about where we are and what we’re doing for people,” she said. “We’re highly reliable, we’re highly secure, we’re highly scalable and we have very good technical people to partner with companies, which is super valuable,” Greene said. “We’re kind of in the sweet spot of where customers are going and we’re seeing that confirmed over and over as we start working with more customers.” [ Related: Google upgrades G Suite with tools for IT pros ] Google has been inventing how to manage and quickly analyze massive amounts of data for 16 years, according to Greene. She also claims Google’s data centers operate more efficiently than its competitors and the company has built the most secure cloud on the planet. Google’s resources and expertise in machine learning are becoming a differentiating factor for Google’s efforts in the enterprise as well, Greene said. “Google’s been doing [machine learning] since before 2000… We arguably have the largest assemblage of machine learning experts,” she said. “A company that isn’t using machine learning is going to be, if not already, at a disadvantage.” Why enterprises are moving to the cloud Enterprises aren’t moving to the cloud just to save money, they’re also doing it to make their business more competitive, according to Greene. “A lot of people want to do machine learning, they want to do data analytics and they want to understand really how to stage their movement to the cloud,” she said. “The cloud is on everybody’s mind,” Greene said. “A lot of companies are dabbling in it but we are just at the very early stages of people moving [to the cloud].” [ Related: Google goes 'all-in' on enterprise cloud ] During 2017, Greene hopes to land more big customers who will showcase Google’s strengths in the enterprise cloud and encourage more businesses to make the move. “I hope that people will understand why we’re really the cloud for the next generation of enterprise and that won’t be a question in people's’ minds.” 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags Google More about GoldmanGoogleTechnology Editor's Recommendations Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Opinion: Are the ATO and Census failures just the tip of the iceberg? ​Australia is not a screw-up nation ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege Web Events Digitally remastering your business Impact of Project Prioritisation Let the Data Centre Transformation Begin - with Flash Storage Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Latest Jobs Digital Communications Manager NSW Group Director Information Services WA Lead PMO NSW IT Business Analyst NSW Network Engineer NSW SOA Developer NSW Linux Desktop Support Specialist WA Information Security Manager NSW SOE Team Leader WA Business Analyst SA Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Big business faces new data breach notification laws Samsung Galaxy S8: What we know so far ​Microsoft: Windows users face 500m ransomware emails every quarter CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Booted up in 1993, this server still runs -- but not for much longer Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow CSO US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking What happens if your thermostat is hacked? Researchers name the top 7 security threats A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Yahoo warns users of account breaches related to recent attacks Computerworld South Australia aims to cut costs with CSC deal Regulated roaming ‘unambiguously bad’ for regional Australia, Telstra CEO says Digital and data drive earnings at Origin Energy Telstra registers profit drop in first half Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 ARN CSC wins landmark South Australian Government IT outsourcing deal New partners join Federal Govt's cloud services panel Digital growth drives $70M revenue for RXP Services “Intense” competition impacts Telstra’s financials Melbourne IT forks out for $67M Outware acquisition Techworld US legislation revived to curb warrantless geolocation tracking 5G progress at Ericsson could help enterprises work worldwide A.I. faces hype, skepticism at RSA cybersecurity show Bruce Schneier: Public-service technologists are needed to tame the IoT Microsoft quietly prolongs life of original Windows 10 CMO CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 16 February 2017 Toyota gets a new CMO following Brad Cramb's departure Telstra sees dip in NPS, financial results How digital transformation opened a new customer segment for Kennards Hire Tourism Australia CMO: Data is about gaining efficiency in marketing Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Data Centers Scrambling to Fill IT Skills Gap Data Center Market Kicks Off 2017 With Flood of Acquisitions Google Ramped Up Data Center Spend in 2016 A Cloud for the Artificial Mind: This Data Center is Designed for Deep Learning QTS Buys Large Dallas Data Center from Insurer HCSC Previous Article Switch Launches Its First Enormous Reno Data Center Next Article You Can Now Plug Directly Into Salesforce Servers at Equinix Data Centers Attendees at Google Cloud Platform Next 2016 conference in San Francisco in March viewing the 360-degree virtual tour of a Google data center (Photo: Yevgeniy Sverdlik) Cloud Computing, Google Google Turns Its Secret-Sauce Database Spanner into Cloud Service by Yevgeniy Sverdlik  on February 15, 2017 Add Your Comments Tweet As it hinted in January it was going to do, Google has productized Spanner, the database that has allowed it to run services consistently across millions of servers in data centers distributed around the world. While there is an open source version of a similar database in the works – being built by ex-Googlers at a startup called CockroachDB – the database on its own is not enough to make Spanner’s magic happen. Its key capability of keeping server clocks across the globe in sync is due to TrueTime, a system of atomic clocks and GPS receivers in Google data centers that is hard to achieve without the scale of Google’s infrastructure. The technology underpins some of the most critical Google services, such as AdWords, its biggest moneymaker, Gmail, and Play, its Android app store. Now, as the company is fighting to catch up to Amazon and Microsoft in the enterprise cloud business, it is making one of its key technologies available to cloud customers. Some of the early users are Quizlet, an online learning tool, and JDA, a retail and supply chain software company. According to Google, Cloud Spanner will be especially useful for retailers, manufacturers, and distributors who have to manage global supply chains and inventory. Financial services companies are another prime target market. Spanner addresses a tradeoff developers and database admins have been forced to deal with when building cloud applications: a choice between the transactional consistency of traditional databases and horizontal scalability of newer NoSQL databases. “Cloud Spanner breaks that dichotomy, offering both of these critical capabilities in a single, fully managed service,” Deepti Srivastava, product manager for the new cloud service, wrote in a blog post. In addition to scalability and consistency, Spanner ensures application availability, made possible through its ability to replicate data across many data centers around the world and keep all the copies up to date when changes are made at any end. The service is currently in Beta, but Google is charging customers $0.90 per compute node per hour and $0.30 per GB of storage per month, in addition to network bandwidth charges for data traveling outside of the database, between different US cloud regions, and between continents. Previous Article Switch Launches Its First Enormous Reno Data Center Next Article You Can Now Plug Directly Into Salesforce Servers at Equinix Data Centers Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Yevgeniy Sverdlik (1316 Posts) San Francisco-based business and technology journalist. Editor in chief at Data Center Knowledge, covering the global data center industry. Related Stories Big Data Google to Provide Its Internal NoSQL Database as a Cloud Service by Jason Verge on May 7, 2015 BigTable is a database behind Google's mission critical applications like Search, Gmail and Analytics Read More Featured etcd: the Not-so-Secret Sauce in Google’s Kubernetes and Pivotal’s Cloud Foundry by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on July 16, 2014 Inspired by Google’s data center tech, CoreOS’ key-value store forms part of Google’s open source container management tool Read More Google Google: No ‘Secret Sauce’ in Recipe for Efficiency by Rich Miller on May 11, 2011 Google's PUE ratings keep getting better, with one of its data centers hitting 1.09 in the 1st quarter. Google's Chris Malone says PUEs of 1.5 to 1.6 can now be achieved by data center operators using off-the-shelf equipment. "There'sno magic or secret sauce to get to these levels," said Malone. Read More Google Software: Google’s Secret Sauce? by Rich Miller on June 26, 2007 Software, not commodity hardware, is the magic to Google's scalability, according to one industry exec. Read More Google Software: Google's Secret Sauce? by Rich Miller on Software, not commodity hardware, is the magic to Google's scalability, according to one industry exec. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO Assembly Elections 2017 News » Technology ﻿ Google pushes HTTPS-based web security measures Last Updated: Thursday, February 16, 2017 - 00:28 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews Seoul: Emphasizing that major South Korean search engines are not much secure, the security director at Google said that a HTTPS-based website is a safer way to protect users from possible security attacks. "Top websites in (South) Korea that don`t support HTTPS are Naver and Daum. It`s not just a problem for (South) Korea but a challenge for the world and the developers," said Parisa Tabriz. Tabriz heads the team who protects Google Chrome and its billions of users from criminal hackers, Yonhap news agency reported. Google began adding security warnings for websites that do not use strong encryptions beginning in 2017, putting a clear "Not secure" warning next to online websites that use unencrypted HTTP connections rather than encrypted HTTPS connections. Tabriz said HTTP websites, which account for nearly half of the world`s websites, are vulnerable to attacks that Google calls in security terms, "man in the middle." "Encryption will give the security we need. HTTPS does not solve all security problems, but it provides a foundation for this," she said. As to some complaints that Google`s HTTPS policy may be expensive and time-consuming, the security expert said switching to HTTPS is not easy but necessary. "It is just a misconception that there is cost. It was true 10 years ago, but cost is no longer true for today," the Iranian-American hacker who protects Google said. "Without the HTTPS, there is no privacy. We also published a transparency report," she said, adding that HTTPS websites have steadily increased during the past one year with Google`s effort.  As for general security, she advised Internet uses not to reuse or use the same password for different websites since hackers know this, and they will attack the weakest website to obtain personal data. "Don`t login on shared computers and verify your account security setting," she added. With IANS Inputs First Published: Wednesday, February 15, 2017 - 13:40 More from zeenews   India Sushma Swaraj talks to US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson; India, US resolve to fight against terrorism Casteist remark against Cong leader: Hooda, son booked No political meaning in Taiwanese delegation's visit: India More from India World Australia's Church paid $213mn to abuse victims 8 women, 1 child killed in air raid near Yemen capital: Medics Britain's Labour Party faces backlash in working-class heartlands More from World Sports Virat Kohli, Steve Smith inspire England's newly appointed Test skipper Joe Root Eugenie Bouchard finally goes on blind date with John Goehrke after losing Super Bowl bet Virat Kohli posts romantic message for 'Valentine' Anushka Sharma on social media, deletes it from Twitter More from Sports Entertainment Shah Rukh Khan to host TED Talks in Hindi! Jacqueline Fernandez keen on turning an 'action icon' in Bollywood! Jolly LLB 2 Box Office collections: Akshay Kumar's courtroom drama close to scoring a century! More from Entertaiment Health Delhi doctors lose license for six months after operating on patients wrong foot Hot flashes and weight gain during menopause: Here's why regular exercise is important Researchers develop magnetic implant to provide new drug delivery method More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed UP Assembly elections: Voting for 2nd phase in 67 constituencies today DNA: Sasikala surrenders before special court in Bengaluru Watch: PM Narendra Modi addresses public rally in Kannauj This is how Eman Ahmed, world's heaviest Egyptian woman, was brought to Mumbai Panel discussion on Kiren Rijiju's remark on Hindu population WATCH: When Virat Kohli took on third umpire and reversed his not-out decision to out LIVE: Tamil Nadu Governor appoints Edappadi K Palaniswami as CM; Panneerselvam says fight will continue WATCH: Yuvraj Singh sets Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy on fire with three consecutive sixes SC convicts Sasikala in DA case: As it happened In case you missed it - Indian PSLV rocket lifts off with record 104 satellites (Watch it here) Related News 7-year-old girl writes to Google CEO Sundar Pichai for job: Here's what he replied Google pips Apple to become worlds most valuable brand Google criticises Trump's immigration order, recalls travelling staff Powering India to Moon – TeamIndus among 5 finalists to compete for Google Lunar XPRIZE worth $30 mn Google Doodle marks India's 68th Republic Day TAGS Google HTTPS Naver Daum HTTPS-based website Online websites Photos Virat Kohli's Valentine Post For Anushka Sharma; Adah Sharma -Instagram DAY IN PICS - 16 February 2017 6 most expensive schools in India Top Videos Those helping terrorists will be dealt harshly: Army Chief Martyred Major Satish Dahiya spoke to his father just before encounter Tamil Nadu Governor invites Palanisamy to form govt Shocking! Bajrang Dal activists thrashed couples on Valentine's Day in MP's Jabalpur More from other Sections Red Beauty! Karun Nair's Valentine's photo will blow your mind away – SEE Pic PCB cancels 'Round Table Conference' with former greats following PSL spot-fixing scandal Pakistani actress Saba Qamar rips apart Bollywood actors in THIS throwback video! - Watch Rohan Mehra's latest Twitter video raises serious doubts over 'Bigg Boss' voting Bird flu: China's poultry markets shut as death toll rises Battle flu and cold with this supplement – Read contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info Careers WHERE TO WATCH Partner Site: DAILY NEWS AND ANALYSIS news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Yesterday GOOG: 818.98 -1.47 CNET details the Google Pixel’s design: colors, button textures, and more Stephen Hall - Feb. 15th 2017 10:12 am PT @hallstephenj Android Google Pixel View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit CNET has today published a deep(ish) dive into the design of the Google Pixel, and it’s definitely worth a quick read if you’re as much of a fan of the phone as I am. The piece touches on a few things you might not know about the Pixel, like how the company decided on minor details like the texture of the power button: The team was careful not to choose anything too rough, but they also knew that anything too smooth would be pointless. After going through several iterations that included diagonal lines and triangles laid out in different patterns, Google landed on a diamond, crosshatch pattern. There’s also apparently a thin sheet of film beneath the glass of the blue and white models that creates a yellowish dichroic effect. I wasn’t aware of this touch until now: But beneath the glass on the Pixel’s blue and silver versions is a thin film that makes the glass reflect a soft yellow tint. Called a dichroic effect, it’s similar to the natural multicolored sheen of soap bubbles. And the black model apparently has a slightly different texture on the back as compared to the white and blue models: Unlike the satiny feel on the blue and silver, the black Pixel is grainier, rougher. The reason, again, was purely aesthetic. There’s also mention of Google’s thinking when it comes to colors. Apparently, the company ended up with the “Really Blue” we all have come to love partly because of its “polarity”. Google also explored many other colors for the third, more “fun” color before landing on blue: In its quest to find the perfect showcase color, the team brought in focus groups to evaluate different color samples and mock-ups. Dozens of colors were proposed, including an emerald green, a dusty purple, a deep yellow and a delicate baby blue. Head over to CNET to see some images of pre-production Google Pixel devices and read the full piece. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google Pixel View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Champions League Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal: Champions League last 16, first leg – as it happened A gutless second half performance all but guaranteed Arsenal’s now traditional elimination at the first knockout stage Updated Play Video Arsène Wenger on Arsenal's 'nightmare' Champions League defeat to Bayern Munich – video Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Barry Glendenning @bglendenning Wednesday 15 February 2017 17.10 EST First published on Wednesday 15 February 2017 13.42 EST Key events Show 5.07pm EST 17:07 Match report: Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal 5.05pm EST 17:05 Arsene Wenger speaks ... 4.32pm EST 16:32 GOAL! Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal (Muller) 4.52pm EST 16:52 Meanwhile in Madrid ... 4.46pm EST 16:46 Same old Arsenal, always buckling ... 3.56pm EST 15:56 GOAL! Bayern Munich 2-1 Arsenal 4.39pm EST 16:39 Full-time: Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal Live feed Show 5.07pm EST 17:07 Match report: Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal Our chief football correspondent Daniel Taylor was at the Allianz Arena and typed his fingers to the bone to bring you this on-the-whistle match report. Enjoy ... Thiago Alcântara and Bayern Munich leave Arsenal staring into the abyss Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.05pm EST 17:05 Arsene Wenger speaks ... “It’s difficult to explain,” he says to BT Sport’s Des Kelly, when asked to explain where it all went wrong. “I think we were unlucky on the second goal - the referee gives a corner for us, the ball is on the pitch and we concede the second goal. I think the most important thing in the second half is we lost Koscielny very early and it looked like we collapsed. We mentally collapsed.” Asked if the loss of Koscielny is a good enough excuse, he adds: “Bayern is a better team than us. I have to say well done to Bayern ... they were better than us tonight. I felt the third goal was a killer for our players because after that we had no response. How I feel isn’t important, but of course it is disappointing. We need to recover and focus on our next game.” He looked seriously rattled and defeat in their next match: away at Sutton United in the FA Cup could finish him off altogether. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.52pm EST 16:52 Meanwhile in Madrid ... Real Madrid 3-1 Napoli: It’s far from the end of the world for Napoli, who’ll be happy enough going back to Italy with a 3-1 deficit. Perhaps not too happy, considering they took the lead through Lorenzo Insigne. Real Madrid put them back in their box with goals from Karim Benzema, Toni Kroos and Casemiro. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.46pm EST 16:46 Same old Arsenal, always buckling ... Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal: Arjen Robben Robben opened the scoring for Bayern Munich with an exquisite first-half strike, which was cancelled out by Alexis Sanchez in a first half that Arsenal were dominating towards the end. This dominance made their second half collapse all the more spectacular, as Bayern ran amok after the departure through injury of Laurent Koscielny. Robert Lewandowski, who bullied Mustafi all night, headed Bayern back into the lead and then the outstanding Thiago Alcantara added two more. Thomas Muller came off the bench to add a fifth for good measure and leave Gooners seething. Updated at 4.49pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.39pm EST 16:39 Full-time: Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal Peep! Peep! Peeeeeeeep! Arsenal are thrashed 5-1 at the Allianz Arena for the second time in two visits and can consider themselves lucky to have conceded just five. Having had Bayern in all sorts of bother at the end of a first half, they were torn apart in the second half. It was a gutless display, but that won’t come as any great shock to seasoned Arsenal-watchers. They’ll make all the right noises about trying to put things right in the second leg (they always do), but this team has no heart or backbone. They downed tools and gave up tonight. The Bayern Munich players celebrate their win in front of their fans. Photograph: Michael Dalder/Reuters Updated at 4.44pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.35pm EST 16:35 90+3 min: The camera cuts to Arsene Wenger on the Arsenal bench and he doesn’t look best pleased. My tentative guess is that he’ll blame this slaughter on what he saw to be a poor decision from the referee in the build-up to Bayern’s second goal. If he does, he’ll be mistaken on a number of levels, one of them being that the decision in question was correct. Updated at 4.58pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.32pm EST 16:32 GOAL! Bayern Munich 5-1 Arsenal (Muller) 88 min: Oh dear. Chamberlain gets caught in possession by Kimmich, who plays the ball across the edge of the Arsenal penalty area. It finds its way to Muller, who dummies, shuffles to his left and rifles the ball into the bottom left-hand corner. This is what Arsenal are reduced to now – a rehab facility for seriously out-of-form strikers who need to rebuild their confidence. Muller celebrates scoring number five. Photograph: Michaela Rehle/Reuters Updated at 5.00pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.30pm EST 16:30 86 min: Rafinha on for Arjen Robben. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.29pm EST 16:29 84 min: Bayern Munich substitutions: Joshua Kimmich on for Douglas Costa. Thomas Muller on for Robert Lewandowski. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.26pm EST 16:26 83 min: Finally, some good news for Arsenal: Philipp Lahm is booked for a foul on Oxlade-Chamberlain and will now miss the second leg. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.25pm EST 16:25 82 min: Costa tries to curl one in at the back post after great work by Thiago. Ospina saves brilliantly. Arsenal players look a collective beaten docket. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.24pm EST 16:24 80 min: Robben and Philipp Lahm wreak a little more havoc. Robben has a shot tipped behind for a corner, before the pair combine again down the right to win another one. Nothing comes of either. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.20pm EST 16:20 76 min: Arsenal last throw of the dice: Olivier Giroud on for Francois Coquelin. His first duty is to help defend a corner., from which David Ospina ends up getting a bang on the jaw as he dives at the feet of Lewandowski. Ospina makes the save from Lewandowski. Photograph: Matthias Schrader/AP Updated at 4.28pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.17pm EST 16:17 74 min: Bayern continue to put the hurt on Arsenal and their fans appeal for a penalty after a Mustafi challenge on Lewandowski in the penalty area. They don’t get one. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.16pm EST 16:16 72 min: Olivier Giroud is readying himself to come on for Arsenal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.12pm EST 16:12 68 min: Ospina saves well again, throwing himself to his left to put a bouncing Vidal shot from distance around the upright. Arsenal substitute I haven’t had a chance to mention before this: Theo Walcott on for Alex Iwobi. Ian Wright (@IanWright0) We are a ******g shambles 😫 February 15, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.09pm EST 16:09 65 min: Prior to that goal, Bayern missed another couple of decent chances and had a penalty appeal turned down. Ospina got caught in no-man’s land and was lucky not to get caught out when Lewandowski lofted a chip on to the crossbar. Arjen Robben subsequently fired wide from a tight angle and screamed for a penalty as the ball went out for a corner off the hand of Gibbs. Ospina also had to make a brilliant save from point-blank range when Thiago sent a header his way from about five yards. What a difference the absence of Koscielny has made. Updated at 4.10pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.06pm EST 16:06 GOAL! Bayern Munich 4-1 Arsenal (Thiago) 63 min: Arsenal are in all sorts of disarray here and Thiago takes advantage. A corner drops to him on the edge of the penalty area and he drives the ball goalwards. His low effort takes a deflection and fizzes past the wrong-footed Ospina. Thiago celebrate scoring the fourth. Photograph: Odd Andersen/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 4.11pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.04pm EST 16:04 61 min: Granit Xhaka gets booked for a crude challenge on Xabi Alonso. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.04pm EST 16:04 60 min: It’s worth noting that in the immediate aftermath of Bayern’s second goal, Arsen Wenger gave the fourth official a load of abuse. Before the move that led to the goal, the referee had awarded Arsenal a corner before (correctly) changing his mind on the advice of a goal-line official. Wenger wasn’t happy. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.02pm EST 16:02 58 min: Thiago Alcantara has been outstanding tonight and deserves that goal. It was a wonderful team effort: from deep in midfield, Alonso played a low pass towards Lewandowski on the edge of the penalty area with his back to goal. He touched the ball around the corner with his heel, picking out a little run into space in the penalty area by Thiago. He finished with ease into the corner, giving Ospina little or no chance. Updated at 5.10pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.59pm EST 15:59 GOAL! Bayern Munich 3-1 Arsenal THIAGO! A brilliant goal from Bayern Munich, who lead by two goals. Thiago finishes just inside the left upright after getting on the end of a deft touch from Lewandowski. Thiago Alcantara scores number three. Photograph: Matthias Schrader/AP And Celebrates. Photograph: Odd Andersen/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 4.08pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.58pm EST 15:58 54 min: A goal from a wonderful counter-attack, where Lahm and Robben ripped Arsenal apart down the right flank once again. Lahm it was who lofted in the cross and drifting away from the penalty spot, Lewandowski rose higher than Mustafi and headed across the face of goal and inside the right post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.56pm EST 15:56 GOAL! Bayern Munich 2-1 Arsenal LEWANDOWSKI! The big man heads Bayern into the lead after getting on the end of a Philipp Lahm cross from the right. Lewandowski scores the second for Bayern. Photograph: Alex Grimm/Bongarts/Getty Images Updated at 4.45pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.55pm EST 15:55 51 min: Bayern advance with Philipp Lahm on the ball and heading towards the penalty area. He’s surrounded by a swarm of uncharacteristically industrious Arsenal players, who block his effort to play the ball through to Robert Lewandowski. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.53pm EST 15:53 49 min: Arsenal substitution: Laurent Koscielny off with a hamstring injury. He’s replaced by Gabriel Paulista. Kieran Gibbs takes the armband. In better news for Arsenal, David Ospina is fit to carry on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.51pm EST 15:51 48 min: Laurent Kocielny also looks to be in trouble and is holding his hamstring. He twanged that while chasing a through ball. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.50pm EST 15:50 48 min: David Ospina goes down near the touchline after haring out of his box to deal with a ball. He’s holding his shoulder and looks in considerable distress. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.49pm EST 15:49 46 min: Arsenal begin the second half as they ended the first: on the front foot. They huff and puff, but Alexis Sanchez runs the ball out of play under pressure when Hector Bellerin was in a good position to receive a cross if the Chilean had seen him. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.48pm EST 15:48 Second half: Bayern Munich 1-1 Arsenal 46 min: Both sets of players come out and take up position and eventually the match officials deign to join them. Bayern Munich kick off and there are no changes of personnel on either team. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.37pm EST 15:37 Some analysis: After a poor start, when it looked like they might be over-run, Arsenal have grown into this game. They’ve had five shots on target compared to Bayern’s three and they’re looking reasonably confident. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.34pm EST 15:34 Half-time: Bayern Munich 1-1 Arsenal It’s all square at the Allianz Arena: Arjen Robben fired Bayern ahead with a fine curled effort after being given the freedom of Munich to set himself up for a shot, but it’s advantage Arsenal after Alexi Sanchez who missed from the spot but eventually scored with his second follow-up effort. Wenger, after Robben’s goal. Photograph: Marc Mueller/Bongarts/Getty Images Updated at 3.36pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.31pm EST 15:31 45 min: Mesut Ozil shoots straight at Manuel Neuer from close range after being presented with a glorious scoring opportunity. He should have scored. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.30pm EST 15:30 44 min: Mats Hummels skims a header wide after a free-kick from deep is lofted towards the far post. Arturo Vidal, who had made a run from deep and was looking good to blast a header goalwards from three or four yards, almost certainly would have scored if Hummels hadn’t got in his way. Hummels heads wide. Photograph: Michael Dalder/Reuters Updated at 3.34pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.29pm EST 15:29 43 min: Lewandowski gets between Mustafi and Koscielney to meet a lovely cross from the left. Over the bar and a real let-off for Arsenal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.27pm EST 15:27 41 min: Alexis Sanchez is looking very dangerous against Bayern’s ponderous and slow central defenders whenever his team are in possession. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is left puffing his cheeks out in frustration after spotting another dangerous run, but failing to play his team-mate in. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.26pm EST 15:26 39 min: Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain picks out a run from Granit Xhaka towards the edge of the penalty area with a cross from the right and tees up the Swiss international. His volley is sweet, but straight at Neuer, who finally manages to hold on to the ball. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.24pm EST 15:24 38 min: It may have taken him three bites of the kartoffelkloesse but Alexis Sanchez’s finish for that equaliser was outstanding. He had five defenders around him when he hooked his side into the most slender of leads in this tie. That away goal could be priceless. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.22pm EST 15:22 36 min: Chance! The ball’s half cleared and subsequently curled towards the byline, where Arturo Vidal has got in behind the Arsenal defence. He does splendidly to hook the ball back into the mixer, where Robert Lewandowski misses a fairly straightforward chance with his head. Updated at 3.22pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.20pm EST 15:20 35 min: Arjen Robben leads the protests as Bayern appeal for a penalty for handball as the ball hits Hector Bellerin’s hand. No penalty is forthcoming and Bayern have to settle for a corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.19pm EST 15:19 33 min: Alexis Sanchez gets booked for a foul on Javi Martinez after catching him late as the Bayern defender hacked a ball clear. Or at least appears to catch him late - replays suggest Martinez defender made a meal of the challenge. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.16pm EST 15:16 GOAL! Bayern Munich 1-1 Arsenal 30 min: Alexis Sanchez scores ... eventually. He takes the penalty and Neuer saves. The ball breaks to Sanchez, who takes an almighty swipe at it and misses it completely. At the third time of asking, under pressure from a defender with the ball bouncing away from the goal, he swivels on one foot and smashes diagonal volley into the bottom left-hand corner. Updated at 3.17pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.14pm EST 15:14 PENALTY FOR ARSENAL! 29 min: A Robert Lewandowski shove on Laurent Koscielny in the Bayern penalty area results in a spot-kick for Arsenal. Neuer saves the penalty from Sanchez. Photograph: Michael Dalder/Reuters Connects with the rebound. Photograph: Michael Dalder/Reuters And celebrates the equaliser. Photograph: Odd Andersen/AFP/Getty Images Updated at 3.25pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.13pm EST 15:13 28 min: Ozil takes the free-kick, curls it around the wall and into the arms of Neuer, who spills the ball. The ball doesn’t break kindly for an Arsenal forward and Bayern get away with what could have been a costly error. Updated at 3.28pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.12pm EST 15:12 26 min: Mats Hummels is penalised and booked for fouling Alexis Sanchez on the edge of the Bayern penalty area. Free-kick for Arsenal, inches outside the area, almost in line with the right side of the box. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.10pm EST 15:10 25 min: In tonight’s other match, it’s currently Real Madrid 1-1 Napoli. The Italians opened the scoring, but their hosts have equalised. You can follow that one by clicking on this link. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Champions League Bayern Munich Arsenal Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Champions League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Google Android Reviews Mossberg: Android apps on Chrome OS arrive, disappoint The idea is great, but the execution needs work. by Walt Mossberg@waltmossberg Feb 15, 2017, 9:00am EST tweet share Linkedin Samsung VP Alanna Cotton introduced the Plus and Pro at a press conference in January. Samsung Welcome to Mossberg, a weekly commentary and reviews column on The Verge and Recode by veteran tech journalist Walt Mossberg, executive editor at The Verge and editor at large of Recode. About a year ago, I wrote a column suggesting what the major tech companies should try and accomplish in 2016. For Google, I said: “It would be pretty great if Chromebooks could, out of the box, run all Android apps — provided that, unlike on the recent Pixel C tablet, the Android apps were able to adapt better to a bigger screen.” I’m happy to report that the first Chromebook designed from the ground up to run Android apps out of the box has arrived, albeit a little past the end of 2016. It goes on sale this week for $450. It’s called the Samsung Chromebook Plus, and it runs on an ARM processor, the same type of processor that powers the vast majority of smartphones and tablets. It was designed in close cooperation with Google. Alas, in my tests of the Plus over the last few days, I found the Android execution frustrating. Google Play The Android app feature is still in beta, not all apps work, and too many of those that do run seem like awkwardly blown-up phone apps, not software that’s tailored for the Chromebook's 12-inch screen. And there are other issues. Of course, the Plus, which has a touchscreen and comes with a stylus, is still a Chromebook. That means it runs the Chrome OS along with Android apps. And, purely as a Chromebook, it’s very nice. Chrome OS, which is basically a browser that runs everything, including web apps, does fine on this model and its ARM processor. But if you’re looking for a laptop-style, bigger-screen version of your favorite Android phone, I can’t recommend the Plus now. Optimizing a large number of Android apps for the Chromebook is “going to be a long process, to be honest,” one Google official conceded, noting the beta label on the Google Play Store for the Chromebook. Samsung A second, very similar, new Samsung Chromebook, the Pro, is due out in April. The only significant difference between the two is that the Pro runs on a low-end Intel processor and costs $100 more. I tested it briefly, and found it to be even buggier in its current, very pre-release state. I won’t say much about the otherwise identical hardware on these two Samsung machines, since I think it’s the Google-driven Android / Chrome OS combo software that’s their key claim to fame. Their screens are vivid, sharp and responsive. As on many laptops, you can rotate the screen around so that the relatively thin, light, 2.4-pound laptop becomes a relatively heavy, thick tablet. The stylus fits nicely in a slot and works well for things like screen capture, taking handwritten notes and annotating images. The overall design isn’t especially sexy or sleek. The keyboard lacks a backlight, and the touchpad is a tad small. In my tests, battery life was just shy of eight hours, even with heavy web and app use and streaming a full-length movie. For a better understanding of the hardware (as well as his own take on the software), I recommend my colleague Dieter Bohn’s reviews of the Plus and the Pro. Android writ large. Um, no. Compared to running apps on a smartphone, or, more aptly, an iPad, the app experience on the Samsung Chromebook Plus is distinctly subpar. There are likely several reasons for this. Even though this laptop uses the same processor family most Android devices use, the apps are running atop Chrome OS. Google deserves credit for making this work at all, but it’s still a bit laggy and buggy. For instance, in one case I ran into, two Android apps on the Plus were open but unusable, because they kept blinking and jumping in front and in back of each other rapidly. This happened while I was on the phone with a Google exec who worked on the project. He said it was a known bug that will be patched this week. And there are other bugs. In my tests, Android apps just crashed or froze multiple times a day on the Plus. Even a hugely popular app like Facebook only loaded into part of the screen with an endless spinning circle in a blank right rail. And Google’s own Gmail crashed when I was attaching a photo to a message. Samsung But there’s a larger, more fundamental problem: Android apps, including Google’s own, are almost never designed to look right and run right on a large screen — even a standard-sized tablet, let alone a laptop. There are two elements to this. One is visual: Many Android apps look like blown-up phone apps. Some, like Google News & Weather and Google Docs, don’t seem to resize for the bigger screen, so they present a relatively narrow column of text swimming in unnaturally large borders. Others, like Facebook Messenger, stretch the text horizontally to fill the space, in a weird way that makes the type tiny. The other is functional: Most Android apps I downloaded to the Plus didn’t use the larger screens to add helpful extra panels or other UI elements, but still had the narrow, cramped UI of a phone screen. This is in stark contrast to the way iOS apps behave on larger iPad screens versus iPhone screens. For instance, on the iPad, Facebook Messenger has two panels — one for contacts and one for conversations. It doesn’t look like the single-column version on iPhones and Android phones — and on the Plus. That’s because Apple has long given developers the tools and the encouragement to do dual (or “universal”) versions of their apps, and its app store installs the bigger-screen versions on iPads. Samsung Google says it is working hard to do this, but it has been saying that for years. The company says it’s optimizing its own apps for the Chromebook and urging third parties to do the same. But, judging from the 20 or so well-known Android apps I tested, this process is just starting. The company conceded it had done special work to make several of its most popular Android apps, such as Gmail and Google Calendar, look and work well. But it also said that it believes most Chromebook users will still use many productivity apps like these in the browser. Another issue: In tablet mode, apps are always full screen. You can’t create the multi-app views or even narrow sidebar views of apps that you can on an iPad or a Windows tablet. Google says this will be possible in a future release. Bottom line If you buy the Chromebook Plus and intend to use it mainly as a Chromebook, I expect you’ll have a good experience. But if you plan to rely heavily on Android apps, you’re basically buying into the start of a journey, replete with odd-looking presentations of familiar apps, bugs and crashes. You can certainly go along with Google and Samsung on this journey, but I can’t recommend that for a mainstream Android lover who just wants things to work right. Subscribe to the Recode Newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Go recode_divider In this Storystream Mossberg: All the Walt that’s fit to print Mossberg: Android apps on Chrome OS arrive, disappoint Mossberg: Flipboard is redesigning itself around ‘smart’ digital magazines View all 52 stories Next Up In Google Watch a supercut of Google’s event announcing its Pixel phones, Home and Daydream VR headset Google's hardware event was really all about its AI software Liveblog of Google’s hardware event Google's hardware chief says the Pixel will hold its own against the iPhone Google tailored its fabric Daydream headset for VR first-timers Trending Facebook is rolling out job postings and applications Why won’t Uber just add a tipping option? Verizon could shave up to $350 million off its Yahoo deal and shift liability for future breaches Washington Post’s Marty Baron: ‘We’re not at war with the administration, we’re at work’ Dubai is planning to launch autonomous, one-passenger drone taxis this summer More Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. Enter your email address By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 41. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Alphabet Google Comings and Goings Alphabet is sending hundreds of staff from its internet access unit to Google by Tess Townsend The subsidiary, called Access, also has a new CEO. Podcasts Recode Media with Peter Kafka Full transcript: ‘Hit Makers’ author Derek Thompson on Recode Media by Recode Staff The science of popularity. Transportation Drones Dubai is planning to launch autonomous, one-passenger drone taxis this summer by April Glaser@aprilaser There’s no one flying the aircraft. Facebook Social LinkedIn Facebook is rolling out job postings and applications by Kurt Wagner Hey, LinkedIn! Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed News in brief: Nokia to reboot iconic phone; AI assistants set to do voice calls; Yahoo, Verizon ‘agree price’ 15 Feb 2017 0 Amazon, Android, Google, Mobile, news in brief, Privacy, Windows phone Post navigation Previous: Government focuses on young people to tackle cyberskills shortage Next: RSA 2017 – Day 2 – Roving report [PODCAST] by Kate Bevan 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Your daily round-up of some of the other stories in the news Welcome back, Nokia 3310 Nokia, the Finnish mobile phone-maker that used to dominate the market, is set to stage a comeback at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona at the end of the month – with, it’s rumoured, a revamp of its most iconic and beloved device, the Nokia 3310 (pictured above). Nokia sold its handset division to Microsoft in 2013 for €5.4bn, and Microsoft swiftly dropped the Nokia name when it launched its decent but unloved Windows Phone devices, retaining only the Lumia brand. However, Microsoft sold the Nokia brand name to HMD, formed by former Nokia workers, in May last year, paving the way for new devices with the venerable name. HMD is due to launch several Nokia-branded devices, including the Android-based Nokia 6, which is already available in China, and, according to rumours, a reboot of the classic 3310. There’s no word yet on whether the 3310 will sport the iconic Nokia ringtone or Snake, one of the earliest mobile-phone games. Amazon and Google mull voice calls for AI devices The march of the AI assistants into our homes continues, with both Google and Amazon reported to be considering adding a voice-call functionality to their respective devices, the Google Home and the Amazon Echo and Dot. Both tech giants are bidding to own this particular product space, as the devices tap in to the rich seams of data to help both companies sell their respective products. There are technical issues to overcome, not least of which is the infrastructure required for voice calls, and here Google is probably out in front as it already offers VOIP technology with Hangouts and Google Voice in the US. Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More Amazon, however, coincidentally or otherwise, has this week debuted its Chime service, intended as a competitor to Skype and other conferencing apps. However, Amazon has grabbed the early-mover advantage, getting its Echo and Dot devices into millions of homes over the past few months, while Google has yet to get its Google Home devices launched outside the US. Of course, there are privacy concerns with this plan: do you really want everyone you share a home with to hear your calls, and do you really want Amazon and Google scraping data from your phone calls? Still, it might put an end to missing calls because you can’t find your phone if all you have to do is shout to answer a call. Verizon and Yahoo ‘agree reduced price’ Verizon and Yahoo are reported to be close to agreeing a reduced price for the former’s purchase of the latter. The deal, originally priced at $4.8bn, seemed to be stalled after Yahoo reported its second giant data breach at the end of last year. Bloomberg reported that the agreed price could be reduced by about $250m, with Verizon and what’s left of Yahoo after the deal, to be named Altaba, sharing any continuing legal liabilities arising from the breaches. Yahoo had already said that the sale would be delayed until the second quarter of this year as it continued to assess the fallout from the breaches. Catch up with all of today’s stories on Naked Security Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @katebevan AI Amazon Google Nokia verizon yahoo Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: Government focuses on young people to tackle cyberskills shortage Next: RSA 2017 – Day 2 – Roving report [PODCAST] About the author Kate Bevan Kate is the editor of Naked Security. She's been writing and talking about technology and security for more years than she cares to count. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Jun20 by John Zorabedian 11 Google and Microsoft want to kill your phone if it’s stolen. Do you feel safer? Apr28 by Naked Security writer 0 Monday review – the hot 26 stories of the week Apr24 by John Zorabedian 5 Microsoft devours Nokia and charges ahead with Windows Phone 8.1 Sep16 by Paul Ducklin 3 PWN2OWN for mobile devices – $300,000 in prizes for stealing data, eavesdropping or making covert calls Sep04 by Paul Ducklin 8 Nokia is dead. Long live Nokia! Aug01 by Chester Wisniewski 8 Black Hat – Don’t stand so close to me: An analysis of the NFC attack surface SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google Image Search Traffic Drops Outside The US Google Image Search Traffic Drops Outside The US Feb 15, 2017 • 7:56 am | (4) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story A WebmasterWorld thread has SEOs and webmasters upset about a recent drop in traffic from Google Image search. It is the same type of complaints when Google redesigned image search in 2013. Not all countries saw that redesign and traffic for the countries that didn't get the redesign did not change much. It seems that Google France, Google Germany and many many other local versions of Google has recently adopted the new design. When Google launched that new design for image search they had to tell webmasters it is better for them even though many were not happy. In any event, it seems it has been pushed out to other countries now and they are noticing huge declines in Google traffic. Of course, Google argued the traffic they initially saw was not real traffic but how Google sourced the image from their site while still on Google search. Here are some of the comments from the thread: Has anyone noticed that image search traffic has vanished I think it happened sometime between Tuesday and Wednesday when traffic from images.google.fr, images.google.de, and other international image searches just all of a sudden disappeared. Someone mentioned that they rolled out the new image search design to those countries? (As in, they used to show the actual page vs. making users click a button now) Is this true? My images aren't being removed, they are still there, its just the referrer traffic that is gone. I mean its not a huge deal even though it is like 8% of my traffic because that traffic had like a 90% bounce rate. I am surprised they didn't do this earlier, why wait 3+ years? Maybe there were legal issues? Update: The data anomalies page now has a note about this, but not sure if this is the direct issues? February 7 – Ongoing (Germany and France only) A logging issue is causing loss of image search data for image searches originating from Germany and France. This issue effects only the Search Analytics data, not image presence in Google Image Search. Forum discussion at WebmasterWorld. Previous story: Google: Read Your Content Out Loud, If It Sounds Strange, It Might Not Rank Well   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 02/10/2017 08:53 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Report: Verizon Wants $250 Million Off the Yahoo Deal Understanding the Google Image Search Traffic Drops Digital Point Forums How do I promote website How to bring Keyword SERP 2nd Page to 1st Page Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars APPS Google Search adds new plant and animal facts for trivia geeks Ken Yeung@thekenyeung February 15, 2017 10:23 AM Tags: Google, Google News, Google Search Above: At a Google office in San Francisco. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat Have you ever wondered where hamsters got their name? Did you know that pink roses are used to express gentle emotions? These are some fun facts that Google wants to surface and hopefully provide you some knowledge for that “I didn’t know that!” moment. Starting today, the search company will provide these interesting tidbits around living creatures, such as plants, animals, fruits, and vegetables. All you have to do is type your query and “fun facts” and it’ll show up at the top of the results page. Above: Corgi fun facts as displayed in Google Search. Image Credit: Screenshot The fun facts are shown within the featured snippets section. Depending on the inquiry, you might also see additional questions that others have asked, such as the above search about corgis. In the screenshot, you’ll see that others have asked whether these dogs have a tail, bark a lot, the different types, and whether they shed. Google didn’t provide much information about why it implemented fun facts, but it seems reasonable to assume that it serves to further the company’s mission of providing knowledge to the billions of people around the world. But it also add fuel to people’s inquisitive nature in that it could cause a drive to learn even more, resulting in additional searches, and likely more ad dollars for Google in the process. It’s one thing to get right to the information you want, but it’s another to add some flair to the results. And while these fun facts are being added, they aren’t taking anything away from the normal search results you’d get. It seems that you have to add the phrase “fun facts” to your search query in order to get these trivia facts, because when I looked up just “corgi,” it displayed the default search page. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Your next home phone may be an Amazon Echo or Google Home – CNET Posted on February 15, 2017 by CNET Smart, cloud-connected speakers like the Amazon Echo and the Google Home are finding their way into more and more living spaces. Now, the Wall Street Journal has reported that Amazon and Google are exploring ways to let you use the voice-activated … Google Home & Amazon Echo May Support Voice Calls SoonAndroid Headlines How Google Home, Amazon Echo Will Become Your Home PhoneMediaPost Communications Paid Search, Phone Calls Coming To Amazon Echo, Google Home?Investor’s Business Daily TIME -9to5Google -Investopedia -International Business Times all 21 news articles …read more wrote 26746 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News 7-year-old asks for Google job, Sundar Pichai tells her to finish school – India Today LG teases the G6’s UX 6.0: Multi-window support, squares, and rounded corners – Android Police Amazon Wants To Help Make Your Home Smart – Forbes India’s Tata Motors, Microsoft ink technology collaboration deal – Reuters Atomico closes on $765 million for its biggest fund yet – TechCrunch Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  BREAKING NEWS: Roughriders sign free agent Chad Owens // READ MORE Google argues against 'punitive' tax proposal for digital media Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press February 15, 2017 - 11:48am OTTAWA — Proposals for tax changes aimed at helping Canadian publishers fight for revenues with online news aggregators would result in a punitive "tax on advertisers," executives from Google Canada and Facebook Canada told a Commons committee studying the country's media industry. That's because tax laws currently on the books designed to prop up the industry are archaic and simply don't apply to the Internet age, Jason Kee, Google Canada's head of policy and government relations, told the heritage committee Tuesday. Kee said he had concerns over how such changes would be implemented. "Long story short, it's essentially a tax on Canadian advertisers," he said. A report commissioned by the Department of Heritage and unveiled late last month called on Ottawa to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market and use the new revenue stream to establish an independent, publicly subsidized journalism fund. The independent think-tank Public Policy Forum recommended that advertising with foreign-owned websites no longer be deductible under the federal Income Tax Act. The report, authored by former journalist Edward Greenspon, said that, by extending a 10 per cent withholding tax to commercials and advertising carried by foreign digital media, the government could create a new revenue stream of up to $400 million annually. But Kee said that assumes a direct relationship between an advertiser and a publisher that doesn't actually exist in the digital world, but which does for traditional media under a policy dating from the 1960s. "So as a result, a change in tax treatment could actually be punitive and there may not actually be an alternative (way to advertise)," he said. Facebook Canada’s Kevin Chan added that the committee should be asking Canadian advertisers what they think of the tax change proposal, suggesting they might shed more light on how the potential changes would affect them. The appearance by representatives of the social media aggregators was the first since both firms pledged to roll out tools in Canada designed to crack down on so-called "fake news." Both Facebook and Google said they planned to unveil those tools in Canada soon — as they have already in the United States and elsewhere — to help users discern between credible news and what they term "misrepresentative content." Chan told the committee the tools will be introduced slowly and will at first be "narrow in scope" over concerns that legitimate news might be deemed "fake news" after being flagged by users who simply might not agree with a story, even if it's accurate. Heritage Minister Melanie Joly held consultations last fall where media industry representatives argued in favour of an Internet tax or at least a sales tax on streamed digital content to help pay for Canadian content. While Joly has insisted there would be "no Netflix" tax under the Liberal government, she has deferred questions about a potential sales tax to the Finance Department. But a spokesperson for Finance Minister Bill Morneau said last month that expanding the Goods and Services Tax to Netflix was not in the works. Foreign-based streaming services are technically subject to sales tax on their Canadian sales, but no system has ever been established to collect the tax. Revenue for Canadian news content providers, including traditional media, has dwindled as advertising dollars shift to online news aggregator services. Pollster Allan Gregg at Earnscliffe Strategy Group, has said Canadians have enjoyed faster access to more content than ever before, thanks to the Internet, and don't see a crisis in the news business. A majority of those he has polled are dead-set against taxpayers propping up the industry, Gregg added. Joly told the Canadian Media Producers Association earlier this month that Canadians she has heard from want all media providers to be treated equally, but they don’t want to see their Internet bills go up. "We have to bear in mind that Canadians are anxious about their cost of living," Joly said. Joly has promised to unveil a cultural strategy this year aimed in part at bolstering job growth in Canada's cultural sector, with an emphasis on cultural exports. The minister is also expected to announce soon the results of her wide-ranging review of Canada's media and cultural industries. Joly's office has called the shifts in news revenue streams "significant," and said the government hopes its Canadian content consultations can help it assess how to best support the production of local, credible and reliable news and information. The heritage committee is expected to report to Parliament by spring. — Follow @tpedwell on Twitter Terry Pedwell, The Canadian Press Note to readers: This is a corrected story. A previous version incorrectly attributed paragraphs 2, 3 and 8 to Facebook Canada's Kevin Chan, and paragraph 10 to Google Canada's Jason Kee, and also misattributed the word 'punitive' in the headlines to Facebook. ©2017 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  National Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Feb 15 Road Work For Wednesday Feb 14 Road Work For Tuesday Feb 13 Road Work For Monday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register February 16th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Google argues against ‘punitive’ tax proposal for digital media Poll Have you ever attended a show put on by Lethbridge’s New West Theatre group? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Terry Pedwell, The Canadian Press on February 15, 2017. OTTAWA – Proposals for tax changes aimed at helping Canadian publishers fight for revenues with online news aggregators would result in a punitive “tax on advertisers,” executives from Google Canada and Facebook Canada told a Commons committee studying the country’s media industry. That’s because tax laws currently on the books designed to prop up the industry are archaic and simply don’t apply to the Internet age, Jason Kee, Google Canada’s head of policy and government relations, told the heritage committee Tuesday. Kee said he had concerns over how such changes would be implemented. “Long story short, it’s essentially a tax on Canadian advertisers,” he said. A report commissioned by the Department of Heritage and unveiled late last month called on Ottawa to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market and use the new revenue stream to establish an independent, publicly subsidized journalism fund. The independent think-tank Public Policy Forum recommended that advertising with foreign-owned websites no longer be deductible under the federal Income Tax Act. The report, authored by former journalist Edward Greenspon, said that, by extending a 10 per cent withholding tax to commercials and advertising carried by foreign digital media, the government could create a new revenue stream of up to $400 million annually. But Kee said that assumes a direct relationship between an advertiser and a publisher that doesn’t actually exist in the digital world, but which does for traditional media under a policy dating from the 1960s. “So as a result, a change in tax treatment could actually be punitive and there may not actually be an alternative (way to advertise),” he said. Facebook Canada’s Kevin Chan added that the committee should be asking Canadian advertisers what they think of the tax change proposal, suggesting they might shed more light on how the potential changes would affect them. The appearance by representatives of the social media aggregators was the first since both firms pledged to roll out tools in Canada designed to crack down on so-called “fake news.” Both Facebook and Google said they planned to unveil those tools in Canada soon – as they have already in the United States and elsewhere – to help users discern between credible news and what they term “misrepresentative content.” Chan told the committee the tools will be introduced slowly and will at first be “narrow in scope” over concerns that legitimate news might be deemed “fake news” after being flagged by users who simply might not agree with a story, even if it’s accurate. Heritage Minister Melanie Joly held consultations last fall where media industry representatives argued in favour of an Internet tax or at least a sales tax on streamed digital content to help pay for Canadian content. While Joly has insisted there would be “no Netflix” tax under the Liberal government, she has deferred questions about a potential sales tax to the Finance Department. But a spokesperson for Finance Minister Bill Morneau said last month that expanding the Goods and Services Tax to Netflix was not in the works. Foreign-based streaming services are technically subject to sales tax on their Canadian sales, but no system has ever been established to collect the tax. Revenue for Canadian news content providers, including traditional media, has dwindled as advertising dollars shift to online news aggregator services. Pollster Allan Gregg at Earnscliffe Strategy Group, has said Canadians have enjoyed faster access to more content than ever before, thanks to the Internet, and don’t see a crisis in the news business. A majority of those he has polled are dead-set against taxpayers propping up the industry, Gregg added. Joly told the Canadian Media Producers Association earlier this month that Canadians she has heard from want all media providers to be treated equally, but they don’t want to see their Internet bills go up. “We have to bear in mind that Canadians are anxious about their cost of living,” Joly said. Joly has promised to unveil a cultural strategy this year aimed in part at bolstering job growth in Canada’s cultural sector, with an emphasis on cultural exports. The minister is also expected to announce soon the results of her wide-ranging review of Canada’s media and cultural industries. Joly’s office has called the shifts in news revenue streams “significant,” and said the government hopes its Canadian content consultations can help it assess how to best support the production of local, credible and reliable news and information. The heritage committee is expected to report to Parliament by spring. – Follow @tpedwell on Twitter Note to readers: This is a corrected story. A previous version incorrectly attributed paragraphs 2, 3 and 8 to Facebook Canada’s Kevin Chan, and paragraph 10 to Google Canada’s Jason Kee, and also misattributed the word ‘punitive’ in the headlines to Facebook. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google and Amazon both considering adding calling to assistant devices +3,733 Ashley King Feb 15th, 2017 According to a new report from The Wall Street Journal, both Google and Amazon want to bring more functionality to their digital assistant speaker devices, with both companies’ exploring ways in which the devices can make phone calls. It’s a feature that customers have been asking to see in the devices for a while, but regulatory issues, access to emergency services, and user experience for the device are all reported to have given some pause to the development of the feature. Despite all that, the report says calling could arrive for both Google Home and Amazon Echo this year. CNET reached out to both Google and Amazon about this report to see if they could get a comment. Google stated they’re always continuing to work on new updates for Google Home, but had nothing to share on this time. The Amazon spokesperson said the company doesn’t comment on rumors and speculation. How do you feel about the ability to make phone calls with a personal assistant? It’s not so different than what’s available already with Google Now, Siri, Cortana, and a ton of other digital assistants on your phone, so asking a speaker to make the call for you seems like the next logical step in that evolution of devices. local_offer    Amazon   Amazon Echo   Google   Google Home   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (2) stars Further Reading New Google Phone app teardown reveals RCS calling features The 128GB Black Pixel XL is back in stock YouTube update brings new content suggestion to fullscreen videos Google under investigation for anti-competitive practices with Android Google Assistant is coming to Sony Bravia TVs stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGet a free pizza from T-Mobile and Papa John's closeGet some free pizza courtesy of Papa John’s and T-Mobile Tuesdays Starting on February 14th, and lasting for 4 weeks, T-Mobile has partnered with Papa John’s to give T-Mobile Tuesday users a free large pizza and 25% off regular menu orders. 2 more_vertThe Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirety closeThe Moto G5 Plus has been confirmed after showing up via an online retailer The upcoming Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirely after the device was published through an online retailer. The listing confirms many of the rumors regarding the device. 3 more_vertYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T closeYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T, but you’ll have to wait The 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T is now available for purchase, despite the device not shipping for 8 days. The 128GB variant is priced at $479, compared to $439 for the 64GB version. 4 more_vertDEAL: Get a tablet for free from T-Mobile closeT-Mobile is offering 2 free tablets for joining T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile is offering either a free Samsung Tab E or LG G Pad X 8.0 when purchasing the tablet through installment plans and signing up for T-Mobile ONE with at least 6GB of data. 5 more_vertVerizon brings back unlimited data plans closeVerizon surprisingly reintroduces Unlimited Data plans starting at $80 per month Verizon has announced it will be introducing an unlimited data plan for $80 per month, starting tomorrow, February 13th. 6 more_vertHow to remove apps closeHow to remove unwanted apps from your Android phone If you’re using an Android phone that isn’t a Pixel, there’s a pretty good chance it came with a bunch of pre-loaded apps that you have no intention of ever using. Thankfully, you can now remove almost any app. 7 more_vertHow to turn off screen overlay closeWhat to do when you get the annoying “screen overlay detected” message Android has gotten a lot more user-friendly over the years, but there are still some things that can leave users scratching their heads. One of the most annoying recent Android problems is the “screen overlay detected” message. 8 more_vertGoogle and Amazon prepare to battle it out in 2017 closeGoogle may have to play catchup with Amazon’s Alexa Amazon’s Alexa stole the show at CES 2017 and this may be cause for concern for Google’s planned expansion of Google Assistant. 9 more_vertPre-order the Samsung Chromebook Plus closeThe new Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order The Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order for $499 from Amazon, Best Buy, Newegg, and the Google Store. The Chromebook Plus launches on Feb. 13th. 10 more_vertEverything we know about the LG G6 closeHere’s everything we know so far about the LG G6 With Mobile World Congress 2017 looming, we take a look at all of the rumors surrounding the LG G6 and what could be coming from LG’s 2017 flagship. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI Google releases TensorFlow 1.0 with new machine learning tools Jordan Novet@jordannovet February 15, 2017 10:09 AM Tags: Alphabet, artificial intelligence, deep learning, Google, TensorFlow Above: TensorFlow Dev Summit 2017 at Google headquarters in Mountain View, California. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat At Google’s inaugural TensorFlow Dev Summit in Mountain View, California, today, Google announced the release of version 1.0 of its TensorFlow open source framework for deep learning, a trendy type of artificial intelligence. Google says the release is now production-ready by way of its application programing interface (API). But there are also new tools that will be part of the framework, which includes artificial neural networks that can be trained on data and can then make inferences about new data. Now there are more traditional machine learning tools, including K-means and support vector machines (SVMs), TensorFlow’s engineering director, Rajat Monga, said at the conference. And there’s an integration with the Python-based Keras library, which was originally meant to ease the use of the Theano deep learning framework. And there are now “canned estimators,” or models, Monga said, including simple neural networks to start using quickly. Time for an update: what does the deep learning library landscape look like, seen from GitHub? pic.twitter.com/QDZyvLrYBd — François Chollet (@fchollet) February 11, 2017 Plus, soon Google will open-source code that will multiply the speed of TensorFlow — specifically version three of Google’s Inception neural network model — by 58. And TensorFlow is getting support for the Hexagon digital signal processor (DS) that comes on Qualcomm’s Snapdradon 820 mobile chip and its Dragonboard 820c board. And there’s now a experimental TensorFlow compiler (XLA) to just-in-time (JIT) compile a graph down to assembly language that fits the underlying computing infrastructure. And there’s an experimental Java API as well, according to the version 1.0 release notes. And a debugger, too. Google first introduced TensorFlow in 2015, and the broader community has gradually added features including distributed training, support for the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), and the good-humored Parsey McParseFace language parser. Google offers the Cloud Machine Learning service that makes it possible to run TensorFlow on Google’s cloud infrastructure. By the end of March, Google will not only release new benchmarks to show how TensorFlow stacks up compared with other deep learning frameworks, but will also release the models it’s using to perform the benchmarks, engineering director Megan Kacholia said. A blog post has more on the news. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Hands-on with Toast’s real-wood cover for the Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Trending in Google Corporate Best Android phones you can buy [February 2017] Trending in Google Corporate Comment: Lenovo’s new Yoga A12 Android tablet is just begging to be a Chromebook Trending in Google Corporate Opinion: Five features that I want with the second-generation Google Pixel Trending in Google Corporate Google Home now supports over 70 apps and services, here are some of the most useful Trending in Google Corporate Hands on with Colorware’s new skins for Google Pixel/Pixel XL [Gallery] Yesterday GOOG: 818.98 -1.47 VoIP phone capabilities might be coming to Google Home later this year Abner Li - Feb. 15th 2017 8:23 am PT @technacity Google Home View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Since launch, Google Home has added a slew of new capabilities, mostly in the form of integrations with smart home appliances and other online services. The latest feature coming to Google’s smart speaker assistant might be the ability to make and receive phone calls. According to the Wall Street Journal, Google is working on such phone functionality that could launch later this year. The feature would reportedly use voice over IP (VOIP). Notably, Amazon with its Echo competitor has also been working on similar functionality since last year, though has faced some delays. While the Echo already allows users to send SMS messages with AT&T, Google has the clear advantage due to its decade-long work on such services like Hangouts and a relaunched Google Voice. Both companies are facing similar issues in adding a legacy feature to Home, notably concerns over telecom regulations and dealing with emergency services. Specifically, VoIP does not allow for calling 911 and emergency services in general require that a monthly $1 fee be paid by either the user or Google. Additionally, privacy issues are inherently tied with the awkwardness of having a conversation over a speaker phone. The WSJ notes one source of hesitation being “consumer anxiety over speaking on a device that has the ability to record conversations.” Guides Google Home View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Change Country United States United Kingdom Germany Featured Sections Video Fashion Beauty Living Health Entertainment Tech News Follow Us Video The Skinny Style Out There Shatterbox Anthology Trying Living With Lucie Womanhood 60 Seconds To Fit All R29 Series Fashion Styling Tips Designers Street Style Trends Celebs & Influencers College Shopping Boutiques Beauty How To Videos Hair Nails Makeup Skin Care Fragrance Celebs & Influencers Beauty Prep School Living Travel Home Food & Drinks Work & Money Weddings Health Trends Diet & Nutrition Fitness Sex Spirit Entertainment News TV Movies Books & Art Music Pop Culture Red Carpet Tech News Vote Your Values Election 2016 Culture People U.S. News World News Follow refinery29 Refinery29 uk de Now Reading 10 Little-Known Google Search Hacks The Coolest Google Search Hacks You've Been Missing Out On Madeline Buxton February 15, 2017, 5:40 PM See All Slides Begin Slideshow Once upon a time, there was no way to instantly search for an image, location, and fact at the touch of a button. Google, of course, changed all that when it officially launched in 1998, spawning a world where you could go online to find something out, instead of reaching for the encyclopedia. Mind. Blown. In the years since, the little search engine that could has expanded far beyond its basic look-up function, becoming the predominant map and email tool most of us couldn't imagine living without. But there are still plenty of useful updates being made to core Google search tools, including a new "fun fact" feature launching today. And, as with Snapchat and Facebook Messenger, many of Google's most fun hacks are the ones that are less obvious. Did you know that you can flip coins, get front row fashion show seats, and play games, all from the Google search bar? Or that you can go incognito when looking up something you'd prefer be seen by your eyes only? Ahead, we've rounded up 10 little-known features you can take advantage of now. Ok Google, show me what I've been missing. Begin Slideshow Go Back Living More from Tech 7-Year-Old Asked The "Google Boss" For A Job & Got This Response Tech Amelia Edelman 6 hours ago How To Travel Like A Pro Best Apps Madeline Buxton 12 hours ago If You Want To Hear Back About A Job, Add This To Your Email Tech Madeline Buxton 14 hours ago These Women Are Dispelling "Women In Tech" Stereotypes Tech Christina Bonnington Sep 16, 2016 Internet Explodes After Most Recent Trump-Russia Allegations Tech Michael Hafford Feb 15, 2017 Should You Be Concerned About "Dark Posts" On Your Facebook Feed? Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 14, 2017 People Were Not Pleased With This Twitter Change Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 14, 2017 The First Trailer For Apple's New Reality Show Is Here & We Are Obsessed Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 14, 2017 This Is What Your Dating App Photos Really Convey Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 14, 2017 Donald Trump's Mar-A-Lago Phone Security Is A Terrifying Joke Tech Michael Hafford Feb 14, 2017 Everything You Need To Know About The New iPhone 8 Rumors iPhone Madeline Buxton Feb 13, 2017 11 Tips That Will Make You A Google Maps Expert Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 13, 2017 The Dating App Bios It's Time To Bid Farewell To Tech Madeline Buxton Feb 13, 2017 Activia's New Campaign Is A MAJOR Win For Girls Who Code Tech Caroline Stanley Feb 13, 2017 © 2016 Refinery29 Terms Privacy About Press Advertising Jobs Feedback R29 News Site Map RSS By using our service, you agree to our Terms (effective 2/07/2017) and Privacy (effective 2/07/2017). REFINERY29 name & logo and R29 logo are trademarks of Refinery 29 Inc.
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Security How Duo Beyond wants to remove the network perimeter and get rid of the VPN Ruoting Sun, of Duo Security, reveals how Duo Beyond makes Google-style BeyondCorp trusted web access available to any enterprise, challenging the traditional approach to security. By Andy Wolber | February 15, 2017, 8:27 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus BeyondCorp concept: authenticate all access to apps by user and device, without a VPN. Image: Andy Wolber / TechRepublic The traditional enterprise approach to security relies on a network perimeter. Employees outside the company access the network via a VPN. Once authenticated and inside the network, the trust level tends to increase. More about IT Security Video: Top 5 cybercrime vectors IoT security: What you should know, what you can do (free PDF) Cybersecurity in 2017: A roundup of predictions But the BeyondCorp approach, pioneered by Google, offers a bold new approach to enterprise web app security. All apps require authentication, with different levels of verification required for each user, app, device, and/or account. (For background details, see: BeyondCorp: Borderless security for today's mobile workforce) In February 2017, Duo Security announced the first commercial availability of Duo Beyond, a BeyondCorp-style security-as-a-service offering. Prior to the launch, around 100 customers from the technology, retail, e-commerce, and other sectors had participated in a private beta test of the service. Ruoting Sun, the product marketing manager who is leading the Duo Beyond launch, spoke with TechRepublic contributor Andy Wolber about the service and approach. TechRepublic: How would you describe Duo Beyond and the BeyondCorp approach? Ruoting Sun: Google was obviously a pioneer in saying that it is not effective to build access security policies with this inherent level of trust that our corporate network—or anything within our firewalls—is any safer than the public internet. The challenge, obviously, is that Google is a multi-billion dollar corporation with hundreds of people in security. So, how do you take what they've done and make it a reality for organizations as small as 50-100 users, as well as to other organizations with thousands or hundreds of thousands of users? We developed Duo Beyond to make it commercially feasible for organizations of any size to be able to get to a Beyond-Corp style security model. TechRepublic: How does the login experience work for an employee? Ruoting Sun: Part of the BeyondCorp model is around making sure that there is good multi-factor authentication, and that there is a consistent user experience with a single sign-on portal. We will check all the usual things: Multi-factor authentication to verify the user identity, as well as all sorts of device hygiene checks—whether the device is up-to-date, whether it has malicious applications installed on it, or whether it is lacking security configurations, as well as the ability to detect whether or not that device has a certificate on it. And we'll enforce those policies, which can be created by an administrator at the application level, specific to a role or particular group. All of the things that we're talking about here are pretty much transparent to the end user. If all of these checks work out, they log into their application like any normal single sign-on process. Only in the event that one of these checks does not work out, or their device triggers a certain policy violation, do we then show warnings to the end user or take an action to block them. TechRepublic: How does this differ from the traditional VPN access model? Ruoting Sun: We see this as a better model for access security. It removes the friction of having to do traditional network segmentation, which gets really ugly with different policies for different VLANs, firewall routing, etc. All of that is taken care of with this approach. We're getting rid of this concept of the network perimeter. You access the application through Duo and you're able to create these policies at an application level, rather than at the network level. What is new in the Duo Beyond edition is really two capabilities: The ability to detect if a device is managed or not through the availability of a Duo certificate on that device, and the ability to treat internal applications the same way that you would treat a cloud application. TechRepublic: And what changes with Duo Beyond for an administrator? Ruoting Sun: We saw a lot of organizations putting together a hodge-podge of four or five different combinations of technologies in place to address this use case. People were deploying complicated NAC solutions to protect their corporate network, CASB products to cover their cloud apps, and client certificates to mark the endpoints; and so it was really an ugly deployment. You're talking about having to manage four or five different interfaces, deploy four or five different things, pay for four or five different products, and it just wasn't scalable. First, we wanted to solve the problem of putting certificates on devices. Most customers had to deploy their own key infrastructure in order to roll-out certs to endpoints. We make this easier by hosting a public key infrastructure for our customers, so they can just use the Duo certificate infrastructure. Then, they can deploy the Duo certificates via whatever enterprise asset management tool they have. Then, on the enforcement side, all of those policies are configurable within the admin panel for Duo. So you don't need to buy a network access control solution, or a separate solution for your cloud applications. All of those policies are configured right from your Duo interface, regardless of whether that application lives on premises, or on someone else's cloud. TechRepublic: From a technical perspective, exactly what does an administrator need to do to make Duo Beyond work for an internal web app? Ruoting Sun: Basically, a customer would publish an internal web application to be accessible externally. There are some DNS changes, obviously, that need to be made in order for that application to be available from the internet. For example, you would go to your internal wiki, like Confluence, and make it to be accessible outside of your corporate network and VPN. And then you would put the Duo Network Gateway in front of that, so that any access requests hitting those applications are automatically redirected and forced to authenticate via the Duo Network Gateway. TechRepublic: Does Duo Beyond also authenticate access to traditionally installed apps, such as a database app installed on an on-premise server? Ruoting Sun: At this time, we're able to support any web based application. Right now, the certificates are browser-based certificates and are tied in at the user level. As long as our authentication prompt can load, we can detect the presence of the cert, no matter if it is a cloud app or an internally hosted application. We are looking into supporting non-web based applications as well. TechRepublic: Are there any other risks or benefits customers see? Ruoting Sun: Our customers are able to significantly reduce their attack surface. In the past, if you had an organization of 5,000 people and you were paying VPN licenses for everybody, you had basically a remote access attack surface of 5,000 endpoints that are out there. All the attacker would have to do would be to steal the credentials of any one of them and be able to remotely access your VPN and network. Your attack surface is effectively every single VPN client running out there. In this model, it's completely different, because you're getting rid of this concept of having a bunch of free floating VPN clients in the wild, and you're limiting the access to each individual application, and enforcing policies for each individual application. You're removing 75-80% of your attack surface and VPN license count. A lot of customers have told us that the logging and reporting that we provide is beneficial both from an internal audit perspective and also from a compliance perspective. We have customers that are using our authentication logs and endpoint data to fulfill ISO 27002 requirements around organizational asset management or to fulfill PCI DSS requirements. How do you handle trusted access to internal and external web apps at your organization? Let us know in the comments or on Twitter. No need to search for the latest Google news. Subscribe now to our Google Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see BeyondCorp: Borderless security for today's mobile workforce (TechRepublic) Duo Security announces U2F authentication support (ZDNet) 10 common network security design flaws (TechRepublic) Free tool helps your IT team assess phishing risks (TechRepublic) The end of the corporate network is coming (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Andy Wolber Andy Wolber helps people understand and leverage technology for social impact. He resides in Ann Arbor, MI with his wife, Liz, and daughter, Katie. Full Bio Contact See all of Andy's content Google+ @awolber × Full Bio Andy Wolber helps people understand and leverage technology for social impact. He resides in Ann Arbor, MI with his wife, Liz, and daughter, Katie. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust #WeAreNotWaiting: Diabetics are hacking their health Latest From Tech Pro Research Electronic communication policy Quick glossary: Robotics Hiring kit: Data architect Drug and alcohol abuse policy Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
A Glimpse Into How Much Google Knows About Russian Government Hackers A 2014 leaked private report from Google shows how much the internet giant knows about government hacking groups. In October of 2014 an American security company revealed that a group of hackers affiliated with the Russian government, dubbed APT28, had targeted Georgia and other Eastern European countries in a wide-ranging espionage campaign. Two and a half years later, APT28—also known as "Fancy Bear" or "Sofacy"—is a household name not just in the cybersecurity industry, but in the mainstream too, thanks to its attack on the US Democratic party and the ensuing leaks of documents and emails.   Before that report by FireEye, APT28 was a well-kept secret within the cybersecurity industry. At the time, several companies were willing to share information about the hacking group. Even Google investigated the group, and penned a 40-page technical report on the hacking group that has never been published before. Read more:  How Hackers Broke Into John Podesta and Colin Powell's Gmail Accounts This sort of document, which Motherboard obtained from two independent sources, may be a common sight in the threat intelligence industry, but the public rarely gets to see what such a report from Google looks like. The report draws from one of Google's most interesting sources of data when it comes to malware and cybersecurity threats: VirusTotal, a public malware repository that the internet giant acquired in 2012.   Sofacy and X-Agent, the report read, referring to the malware used by APT28, "are used by a sophisticated state-sponsored group targeting primarily former Soviet republics, NATO members, and other Western European countries." "It looks like Google researchers were well aware of Sofacy before it was publicly disclosed."  While Google security researchers don't dwell into who's really behind these operations, they do hint that they agree with the now widespread belief that APT28 works for the Russian government in a clever, indirect, way—in the very title of the report: "Peering into the Aquarium." While that might seem like an obscure title, for those who follow Russian espionage activities, it's a clear reference to the headquarters of the military intelligence agency known as GRU or Glavnoye Razvedyvatel'noye Upravleniye, which are popularly known as "The Aquarium." "It looks like Google researchers were well aware of Sofacy before it was publicly disclosed," Matt Suiche, a security researcher and the founder of Comae Technologies and the OPCDE  conference, told Motherboard in an online chat after reviewing the report. "And also attributed Sofacy and X-Agent to Russia before it was publicly done by FireEye, ESET or CrowdStrike." In its report Google security researcher note that APT28 attacks a large number of targets with its first-stage malware Sofacy, but only uses the more tailored and sophisticated X-Agent, which was recently used against Ukraine's military units, for "high-priority targets." "Sofacy was three times more common than X-Agent in the wild, with over 600 distinct samples," Google's report stated. Asked for comment, a Google spokesperson said via email that the company's "security teams are constantly monitoring potential threats to internet users, and regularly publish information to better protect them." The report noted that Georgia had the highest ratio of submissions of Sofacy malware, followed by Romania, Russia and Denmark. While this report is now a bit dated, it shows that for all its sophistication, APT28 has been often caught in the act of hacking politically interesting targets, betraying the origin of the hackers behind the dry nickname. It also reveals how much a company like Google, which doesn't have software installed on thousands of customers computers like other antivirus and security vendors that is designed to specifically detect malware, can still learn a lot about government hacking groups thanks to the other data it has access to. Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter .
Twitter Facebook Follow us: Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media Tools Advertise 75% of Multilingual Websites Have Hreflang Implementation Mistakes SEO February 15, 2017 SEO Anna LebedevaFebruary 15, 2017 160SHARES 333READS 160SHARES 333READS Anna Lebedeva 160SHARES 333READS As your business grows, you need to adapt your strategy to new circumstances and widen your company’s reach. If you want to expand your online presence to new markets, you need a thorough, well-planned international SEO strategy. In 2011, Google introduced the hreflang attribute to help website owners and developers increase their site’s visibility to users in multiple countries. When you create similar content in several languages that is specific to different local audiences, it’s worth using the hreflang attribute to show Google which language you are using on a specific web page. This element helps the search engine understand the lingual and geographical targeting of your website. As a result, the right language or country version of your cross-annotated web pages will appear in the correct local version of Google. In other words, the hreflang attribute enables you to speak to your target clients in different countries in their language. As a result, if your visitors see the right language version of your content, it will help reduce your bounce rate and improve your conversions. However, it is surprising how often we come across mistakes and misconceptions about how to implement hreflang. Without proper hreflang implementation, you can’t tell Google which of your web pages to index and display for a particular country. For its latest study, SEMrush analyzed 20,000 websites that have multiple language versions and found that 75% of websites have at least one hreflang implementation mistake. The aim of the research was to draw SEO specialists’ attention to hreflang implementation issues and help them understand their potential threat. The study was run with the SEMrush Site Audit tool. It checked the websites according to approximately 50 parameters and offered 13 checks for hreflang implementation. During our research we found that the average multilingual website has around seven language versions, and it means that we analyzed sites with a vast amount of pages. We expected that the frequency of mistakes would be high, but were genuinely surprised that the actual number of hreflang mistakes were that high! Below you can find the results. Hreflang conflicts within a page source code – 58% Here we listed hreflang implementation issues related to page source code conflicts. Fifty-eight percent of all analyzed multilingual websites have the following issues: No self-referencing hreflang tag If a webpage doesn’t contain a self-referencing hreflang in its set of hreflang attributes, those attributes may be ignored or interpreted incorrectly by Google. Conflicting hreflang and rel=canonical tags If you use canonical tags and hreflang tags together improperly, you should make sure to specify a self-referential canonical tag. More than one URL is specified for the same hreflang value If more than one URL is specified for the same language and country, Google will not understand which page should be indexed for this language version and will ignore all of them. Issues with incorrect hreflang links – 37% If the hreflang points to the page that doesn’t exist (4xx HTTP status code) or redirected, or you are using a relative URL instead of an absolute URL, Google will index these pages incorrectly, or won’t index them at all. Thirty-seven percent of multilingual websites have issues with incorrect hreflang links: Hreflang link points to redirected page If your hreflang link points to a webpage that is redirected, the new page may not get indexed or even appear in search results. If your hreflang link points to a webpage that is redirected, the new page may not get indexed or even appear in search results. Broken hreflang link If your hreflang link points to a URL that returns a 4xx or 5xx HTTP status code, it will be ignored by the search engine. Relative links Google can misinterpret relative URLs and, as a result, they might not be indexed. Potentially missing hreflangs – 32% We noticed that about 32 percent of the analyzed websites have different sets of languages on different webpages. We assume that some hreflangs may not be specified on web pages deliberately. Nevertheless, it’s worth double checking that all your pages have the required hreflangs. Hreflang language mismatch  – 21% If you make a typo or use the wrong language code when you specify the page’s language, Google will get a wrong signal and interpret your hreflang attribute incorrectly. Our research showed that on 21 percent of the websites, the language value is different from the languages that we detected. Issues with hreflang values – 15% The final category includes a list of issues with hreflang values. When you’re adding hreflang codes to your web pages, you can use the incorrect country and language codes by accident. You need to use ISO 639-1 format for the language code and ISO 3166-1 Alpha 2 format for the country code. Fifteen percent of multilingual websites have these hreflang values issues: Unknown language code If the language code in your hreflang attribute is not in ISO 639-1 format, Google will ignore your hreflang attribute. Unknown country code There is another format for the country code in a hreflang attribute–ISO 3166-1 Alpha 2. So, if you are not sure which code to use, it’s best to double check. Underscores used Using underscores to separate language and country values in a hreflang attribute is a mistake. Instead, hyphens should be used.  Only country code is used When using a country code, you must always provide a correct language code as well. Country code alone is a mistake. Invalid order of hreflang values We noticed that in some cases values in hreflang attribute are specified in reverse order. A language code must always precede a country code. An important part of any international SEO strategy is ensuring that the right content is being displayed to the right audience, based on their language and country. To effectively target international online audiences, you need to figure out how to use hreflang attributes correctly and avoid the hreflang implementation mistakes that we described.   Image Credits Images by SEMrush Related Posts How to Use “hreflang” for Multilingual Websites How to Use HREFLang Correctly: An Interview with Bill Hunt 18 Plugins to Speed up Your Google Analytics Implementation Quit Designing Websites That Look Good & Start Creating Websites That Work ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Latest Posts Anna Lebedeva Head of Media Relations at SEMrush Anna Lebedeva is the Head of Media Relations at SEMrush. She has a passion for SEO, digital marketing, new technologies and media. @@DigitalAnya Anna Lebedeva Latest posts by Anna Lebedeva (see all) 75% of Multilingual Websites Have Hreflang Implementation Mistakes - February 15, 2017 3 Powerful Ways to Expand Your Keyword List - December 9, 2016 Download: The Beginner's Guide to SEO A Complete Guide to Getting Started in SEO. Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar Link Building Metrics: Managing Projects and SEOs Wed. February 22nd, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast How to Avoid Digital Burnout See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts Popular Posts 1 DuckDuckGo Hits Milestone 14 Million Searches in a Single Day 80.3K reads 1/19/2017 2 2017’s Four Most Important Ranking Factors, According to SEO Industry Studies 18.1K reads 2/3/2017 3 Content Is King: The Greatest Lie Ever Told in SEO 8.3K reads 2/2/2017 4 4 Cool Ways Raspberry Pi Is Transforming Technology 7.8K reads 2/4/2017 5 9 Digital Marketing Tools You Can’t Live Without 7.5K reads 1/31/2017See All Popular Posts [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Don't Miss: CW@50: A look back at Y2K in cartoons 5 new threats to your personal data Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 3 enterprise-strength file sync services to check out Smartphone CPUs put desktops to shame Quarter of firms can't fill open infosec positions 10 super-user tricks to boost Windows 10 productivity More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Enterprise Applications Review Smackdown: Office 365 vs. G Suite productivity Can you really use Google’s G Suite instead of Microsoft Office? Here's how they compare on Windows, MacOS, iOS, Android, and Chrome OS By Galen Gruman | Follow Executive Editor, InfoWorld | Feb 15, 2017 9:19 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Become An Insider Sign up now and get FREE access to hundreds of Insider articles, guides, reviews, interviews, blogs, and other premium content. Learn more. Latest Insider 3 enterprise-strength file sync services to check out Smartphone CPUs put desktops to shame Quarter of firms can't fill open infosec positions See all Insider Google has been trying for years to get businesses to abandon Microsoft Office in favor of what it now calls G Suite, the collaboration-oriented trio of Google Docs, Sheets, and Slides, plus companion apps Gmail and Drive. Microsoft has long been the productivity standard-bearer, with Word, Excel, and PowerPoint, supplemented by Outlook and most recently OneDrive. G Suite promises a very low price for businesses, availability anywhere via web browsers, and of course its standard-setting collaboration tools. But can you really base your business on G Suite? We decided to find out through a series of comparisons. This one focuses on the productivity tools that form the core of the Office and G Suite, um, suites. [ Office 365 is now ready to deploy across all your clients. InfoWorld shows you: How to make document sharing really work in Office 365. • What works and what doesn’t in Office 365 collaboration • What works in Outlook on Windows, MacOS, iOS, and Android. • How to migrate to Office 365. ] One big shift that G Suite presaged was a multiplatform work world. Google relies largely on web browsers to deliver that experience, though it uses native apps in iOS and Android mobile devices. By contrast, Microsoft has focused on its native apps, recently extending them to iOS and Android; however, it also offers browser versions with limited capabilities. Due to those different mixes, G Suite is much simpler than Office 365 to deploy and navigate. But as a result of its web orientation, G Suite is also a much less capable set of tools than Office 365 is. For many organizations willing to leave Office behind, the question is whether they can rely on the productivity subset that G Suite offers. To help you make your decision, we’ve put together tables on the following pages that show which suites support which key features on which platforms. (We’ve excluded table-stakes features they all support, like cut and paste and text formatting.)  To continue reading this article register now Get Free Access Learn More   Existing Users Sign In You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Use integration, automation, & intelligence to outsmart cybercriminals. Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Why fake news is a huge threat to democracy and both Apple and the rest of us need to respond Trending in Apple W1 Bluetooth wireless headphones compared: Apple AirPods, Beats Solo3, Powerbeats3 & BeatsX Trending in Apple Top BeatsX features: A hands-on look at the highly anticipated W1-powered earphones [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: Unless Apple pulls a rabbit from the hat, inductive wireless charging is too little too late Trending in Apple MacBook Pro Diary: Higher power output turned my Mac into a charging hub for my holiday Trending in Apple Feature Request: Tidy up the iOS status bar, declutter icons and hide carrier name Yesterday AAPL: 135.51 0.49 9to5Toys Last Call: WD 4TB External Hard Drive $95, NETGEAR 802.11ac Router $67, Bose iOS Headphones $90, more Trevor Daugherty - Feb. 15th 2017 9:30 am PT @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Canon takes the wraps off the new Rebel T7i DSLR, a 24MP camera that still lacks 4K video ‘Neuron’ is a super kid friendly system for building smart gadgets using modular blocks PUMA’s annual Private Sale takes off up to 75% off pants, shoes, accessories and more from $13 Twelve South’s ParcSlope MacBook/iPad stand gets a matte black makeover, available today Caavo is a gorgeous 4K set-top box designed to bring all of your content into one tidy package Go touchscreen with the Dell 13.3-inch XPS Notebook (refurb) for $1,000 shipped (Orig. $2,099) Why walk if you can take a hoverboard? The Self-Balancing EPIKGO Sport is down to $479 Organize your kitchen with the Zelancio magnetic knife holder for $25 Prime shipped (Reg. $35) This 13-inch Running Mega Man Statue is $90 off today: $130 shipped (Reg. $220) Get yourself a semi-bespoke Google Pixel skin in leather/wood/metallic finishes from just $26 Green Deals: cert. refurb Black + Decker 13A 20-inch Electric Lawn Mower $120, more Pick up a brand new Magic Chef Mini Fridge today for just $110 shipped (Reg. up to $160) Best Buy extra $25 off $100+ w/ Visa Checkout: WD 4TB Ext. Hard Drive $95, Powerbeats3 $125, Google Home $104, more Amazon 1-Day Networking/Storage Sale from $20: NETGEAR Dual Band Router $67, 2-Pack Kingston 32GB Thumb Drives $23, much more Bose SoundTrue II Around-Ear Headphones for Apple devices: now on sale for $90 shipped (Reg. $120+) Apple’s robust 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar + Kensington USB-C Dock: $2,179 shipped ($2,579 value, Tax NY only) Apple iPhone 7 Smart Battery Case in Black or White: on sale for $85 shipped (Reg. $99) Verizon announces trade-in program that nets a free iPhone 7/Plus or Google Pixel (and others) for new Unlimited users 9to5Rewards: Grado’s Brooklyn-made SR325e Over-Ear Headphones [Giveaway] The entire GO Trilogy on iOS for just $2 today: Hitman, Lara Croft and Deus Ex (Reg. $5+) Infinity Blade 2 on iOS is available for free today for the first time in over 6 months (Reg. $7) LEGO Batman Beyond Gotham for iOS gets its very first price drop: $1 (Reg. $5) App Store Free App of the Week: Chameleon Run and its high-paced platforming go free MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Daily Deals: Dell UltraSharp 24-inch 1080p Monitor w/ USB 3.0 Hub $200, Westinghouse 40-inch 1080p HDTV $155, more Smartphone Accessories: Mpow Universal Bike iPhone/Android mount $10, more Timbuk2’s Leader Backpack has room for a 15-inch MacBook and more: $40 (Reg. $79) Games/Apps: Xbox One S Minecraft Bundle from $210, iOS freebies, more VUDU ‘Psycho Savings’ sale gets you 3 HD horror titles to own for just $15: Bates Motel, more Light up the lawn with Mpow Solar Lights: Owl Spotlight $24 (Reg. $30), more Luma’s Wi-Fi System will take your network to the next level: 2-pack $249 (Reg. $299) Deals for the at-home chef: Blue Apron Three Meal Bundle $27 (Reg. $60), and more Stock up on style this week – 50% off everything at J.Crew Factory You can grab a 1-year sub to Architectural Digest w/ digital iPad access for just $6 + more Keep your brews cold on the go: Stanley 64-ounce Steel Growler and Vacuum Pint for $19 MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: LG’s 55-inch OLED UHDTV lets you enjoy your favorite movies and shows in stunning 4K for $1,399 shipped (Reg. $2,000) Harman Kardon’s 7.2-Ch. A/V Receiver does it all: 4K, AirPlay, Bluetooth and more for $250 shipped (Orig. $550) Document the action: certified refurb GoPro HERO4 Silver Edition Camera for $200 shipped (Orig. $400) Canon Pixma All-In-One Color Printer is only $19 Gift Card Deals: up to $10 in free Best Buy money TP-Link 802.11ac Wi-Fi Range Extender $23 11-inch Electric Farberware Skillet is under $10 Fujitsu Rechargeable Battery Kit $25.50, more Keyton Portable Ice Maker for $70 (Orig. $250) Vera Bradley’s Campus Backpacks for $30 (Reg. $50) Mpow Thor Bluetooth Headphones $19, more Brenthaven Collins Shoulder Bag: $20 (Reg. $55) Eddie Bauer Sale: save up to 40% off sitewide Cuisinart 12-Piece Advantage Knife Set w/ blade covers $15 Stainless steal Apple Watch band $12 Prime shipped Logitech’s Advanced Harmony Touchscreen Remote $200 Vantrue 1080p Dash Cam $53 or  X1 for $80 Numark Mixtrack DJ Controller $99 (Reg. $150) 27″ 1080p Monitors w/ HDMI $140 (Reg. $200), more 2-pack Outdoor Motion Sensing Lights $30, more Travel-sized Single Serve Brewing System for just $24 Large 2-Topping Pizza from Domino’s $6 (Reg. $15) Samsung 55-inch 4K Smart Ultra HDTV, get it for $500 Aukey Quick Charge 3.0 5-Port USB Charging Station $22 ‘An Introduction to APIs’ Kindle eBook free (Reg. $1) NETGEAR’s 802.11ac Extender for $30 (Reg. $40+) LG’s Stylo Android Smartphone: $50 (Reg. $100) Google Chromecast 4K Streaming $59 shipped Cuisinart 2-lb Bread Maker for $64 Sharp 65-inch Curved 4K Smart Ultra HDTV $1,149 Fossil is discounting its Q Smartwatches by 25% NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Pad & Quill’s new line of full-grain leather men’s wallets are built to last you a decade Philips’ latest Moda monitor has a stunning design with ultra-thin bezels PixlPlay turns your old iPhone or Android device into a kid-friendly camera The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild is getting two expansion packs later this year Hayo brings augmented reality control to Hue lighting, Sonos, and your smart home Stark is a minimal iOS/Android Smartwatch with incredible battery life Herbert’s unique wall-mount garden will have you growing fresh herbs all winter long Shoot iPhone video like a pro with Fancy the “world’s smallest” stabilizer for smartphones The Brilliant Smart Home Control System turns any light switch into a touchscreen hub PlayStation 4 has never looked so elegant: the new TOAST real wood covers Bang & Olufsen introduces a new pair of “affordable” wireless headphones, but it’ll still cost you The RetroBlox gaming console can play all your old Nintendo, Sega, PlayStation, Atari cartridges The Orb outfits your home with Danish-designed, intelligent lighting Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot February 16, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   SEO  >   The psychology of search intent: Converting moments that matter The psychology of search intent: Converting moments that matter SEO 15 Feb 17 | Jim Yu Facebook0 Linkedin66 Google+11 Twitter 77 Nineteen years ago, the company that is now called Alphabet Inc. launched Google Web Search, which would quickly become the most widely used internet search engine in the world. That search engine, which at first relied primarily on text data and backlinks to determine search priority ranking, has become increasingly sophisticated where its myriad features are concerned. Users can now search images, social, video content, equations, geographic locations and much more, and each of these things impact a brand’s search ranking over all, for better or worse. But perhaps even more impressive, and particularly relevant to marketers, is the continuous improvement of Google’s understanding of user intent. Beyond matching keywords alone, Google has parsed its massive stores of data to better understand the phrases, search history and other elements of query to better understand user priorities and states of mind when using the web search platform. As a result, they have optimized their search ranking algorithm and user experience to better align with what data says users really want. By recognizing how Google and other search engines understand user intent, marketers can poise themselves to put themselves along the route of customer trains of thought. Below, find a breakdown of Google’s intent-recognition methodology–and strategic recommendations for those who want to take advantage of them. Micro-Moments: How Google understands user priorities On mobile—which has increasingly become the focus of search marketers after disrupting the way we access information and shop on the go—as well as on desktop, users use a range of terms, exhibit a range of behaviors, and seek out a range of answer-types that, according to Google, develop a profile of the user’s intent. These intent profiles, conveniently articulated by Google as “micro-moments”, are said to be the critical micro-moments at which users are most likely to be swayed by search results. “I want to know.” These are the types of searches people launch when they are seeking “information or inspiration”. Users who signify this search intent typically ask questions like “what did the president talk about today”, “what’s the phone number to the chamber of commerce”, and “how much money does a data analyst make?” “I want to go.” These are location-based searches that signal an intent to travel to a location whether that be international, regional, local or hyperlocal. Users who signify this search intent increasingly input queries like “restaurants near me”, “directions to the University” and “lodging in North Lake Tahoe.” Searches like these make localization an important question for marketers to be thinking about; how are you reaching people in specific—rather than general—markets? “I want to do.” When people want to know how to do something, they turn to action-oriented “I want to do searches”. This search intent is signaled by queries that inquire after methodology like, “How do I get my passport?”, “How do I train my dog?”, and “How to lose weight.” Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin66 Google+11 Twitter 77 Related articles How can you successfully set up an efficient business blog on a very tight budget? How do the recent updates to Google Data Studio benefit marketers? Five most interesting search news stories of the week What's been going on with Google's mobile indexing? “I want to buy.” The consumers have done their research, have looked up coupons, have (one way or another) learned what they want to know about a product or service. Now, they are intent on making a purchase. Prepared to “put their dollars behind their decision”, these users are likely to input more specific search queries like “mixer”, “Las Vegas hotel deal”, and “Amazon Echo”. Each of these search types articulate—in part through contextualized linguistic triggers like “how”, “why”, “when” and “where”—a different chief priority on the part of the user. Google responds to these priorities by crafting algorithmic outcomes which work to bring hosted content, both organic and paid, before the users based both on terminological relevance and likely user behaviors like—like purchase, or access. Understanding user experience segmentation Google’s understanding of user intent also emerges in its segmentation of user experience. Because Google is attempting to serve its users with what it is they want as immediately and seamlessly as possible, the Search Engine Ranking Page (SERP) displays differently from one micro-moment to the next. Consider the difference in user experience between a search which signals that a person wants to attempt a do-it-yourself project versus a search which signals that a person would like to find a hotel in Central London. A search for “how to bake a chocolate cake” will likely feature action-oriented instructional content like recipes and will prominently feature organic search results toward the top of the SERP, revealing that Google has detected a primary intent to take an action—”I want to do”—that is not prominently transactional. On the other hand, a search for a “hotel in Central London” will display a different set of information, prominently featuring a Google map populated with pins that indicate hotels in the requested region. Along with those pins, hotel prices will be displayed—and above the map users will likely notice a number of sponsored search results linking to information about lodging deals they can purchase. This reveals that Google has detected an intent to go someplace—hence the map—with a secondary intent to make a purchase. Google’s Search Quality Evaluator Guidelines break down and categorise different types of user intent Small keyword changes still make a big difference It should also be mentioned that, even as Google becomes increasingly responsive to user intent signals and perceived states of mind, it remains sensitive to the more specific keywords that users input when looking for more specific information. Consider, once more, that Google bases part of its understanding of intent on how questions are phrased—and that the increasing prominence of voice search is helping Google to understand how people formulate questions in their everyday lives. For example: while a search for “hotels in Central London” will lead primarily to geographic and transactional data (Google is “thinking” that users want to go and buy in this case), a search for “best hotels in Central London” will more likely point to the geographic information mentioned in the first example, but also more qualitative information in the form of articles (such as top ten lists) that will help users to better understand which Central London hotels are the “best”. Marketers will likely gather here that the key difference between the two searches is the use of the word “best”–and they’d be correct in that perception. By adding the word “best” to their search for Central London hotels, users have indicated that their chief priorities are to know more about a destination—and then to go there. Attempting an array of searches across the full spectrum of micro-moments—and exploring small differentiations in keyword usage—will reveal similar differences in user experience on Google and other search platforms. This suggests that there is significant opportunity for marketers to reach users along very specific trains of thought by understanding the relationship between micro-moments, intent and keywords, and then respond accordingly. Customer journeys are not always linear, or cut-and-dry For many marketers, the “customer journey” is the relied-upon model to acquire, convert and retain customers no matter what product or service category they offer; but while the customer journey is of critical importance, it is also important for marketers to carefully consider what they understand the customer journey to be. Often, when we hear the word “journey”, we tend to think of a linear narrative. We assume that people know where they want to go, and chart a course from one point to the next in a straight line—in large part because mobile has introduced a massive array of data and decision points into our lives, shaping our decisions on a near-constant basis. The micro-moments model rightly throws this understanding of the journey into question, revealing that people interface with search and content at many different stages and in many different states of mind. Once again, this information can be gathered in part from observations about how search results are displayed. Consider Google’s sensitivity to primary and secondary orders of intent—like the “hotels in Central London” search example mentioned earlier. That example does not simply reveal that Google is responsive to intent in general; it also specifically suggests that Google understands that users may have more than one intent at any given time, or that their intent could change very quickly—someone who wants to know something could find the information they were looking for and decide that, now that they have come across the key findings they were in search of, they want to buy. Marketers would be wise to operate from a similar viewpoint, thinking carefully about how their users might articulate searches and develop search-friendly content in response. Destination marketers might consider pairing pricing, deals and other transactional data with qualitative information about the experiences their region offers; marketing technology vendors might pair service descriptions with instructional material about effective web design, and so on. Moving ahead Essentially: it is key that brands recognize the many forms customer intent will take, and adopt a practice of flexibility where responding to that intent is concerned. Customers’ journeys, segmentation and search are not rigid step-by step processes. Google’s vast data as interpreted through its micro-moments model reveals that in plain terms. While this complicates the work of marketers and search engine specialists—continuously, since search engines are always collecting and responding to data—it also reveals a number of high-impact opportunities for brands to think and act in conversation with their users, in the end building richer and more vibrant experiences at every point of the brand-to-customer relationship. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading What were Google’s biggest search algorithm updates of 2016? While we’re still piecing together lessons from last year's wins and losses, here is a visual and entertaining summary of Google’s moves in 2016 that might well help us in predicting where SEO will take us in 2017. Industry SEO 08 Feb 17 | Rohan Ayyar Six steps to a stronger online brand When it comes to maintaining a brand, any good marketer will tell you that reputation management is key. But it's not just about monitoring what others say about your business; it's also making sure you know how to prevent reputation crisis by building a stronger brand. Development SEO 06 Feb 17 | Ann Smarty How digital marketers can take advantage of Valentine’s Day More than 50% of adults celebrate Valentine's Day, which means that this is a great opportunity for marketers to promote their products in the most appealing way. PPC SEO 06 Feb 17 | Tereza Litsa What can we learn from the winners and losers of organic search in 2016? Who were the winners and losers of organic search in 2016? Industry SEO 02 Feb 17 | Rebecca Sentance Tags Google | local search | search intent | user intent | voice search Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/02/15/the-psychology-of-search-intent-converting-moments-that-matter/ Send × Want to stay on top of SEO trends? Get top insights and news from our SEO experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 16, 4:41 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Amazon Echo, Google Home Update: Amazon And Google Consider Letting Users Make Calls On Devices By Denisse Moreno On 02/15/17 AT 12:17 PM Close Amazon and Google are looking into bringing voice calls to their home devices, the Amazon Echo and Google Home, people familiar with the matter told The Wall Street Journal. The devices would be used to make or receive calls and could potentially replace the home phone. Google and Amazon might launch the feature this year, but could be delayed due to concerns about privacy, emergency services and telecom regulations. Making and receiving calls on the speakerphone instead of privately like on a smartphone, could also limit the use of the feature. Related Stories Apple Officially Joins Amazon, Facebook, IBM as Member of Partnership on AI Google Home vs. Amazon Echo — Which Is Better? Amazon is considering various options, syncing to the owner’s current phone number, call forwarding, or a sole phone number for the Echo. The company is also working on how to switch from speakerphone when the user leaves the room or house, according to the Journal . The rumored feature comes as both the Amazon Echo and Google Home spiked in popularity this year. Sales of the Echo, powered by Alexa, rose after Thanksgiving last year, with Cyber Monday sales of the Amazon Echo family devices up seven times more than 2015. Amazon Echo in black is priced at $139.99. Google rolled out its own digital assistant device, Google Home last year, priced at $129. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business FBI Releases Documents In Trump Housing Discrimination Probe The document dump under the Freedom of Information Act came the same day the president railed against leaks to the media. Technology 5 Smartphone Trends For 2017 The technology is expected to go through major hardware innovations this year. World US, South Korea To Discuss North Korea Nuclear Weapons Program The meeting in Germany comes just days after North Korea's testing of an intermediate-range ballistic missile, which Pyongyang claims is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead. National Restaurants Show Solidarity With ‘Day Without Immigrants’ The grassroots campaign against President Donald Trump's policies has called on foreign-born people in the country to not work or spend money to demonstrate their importance. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 7 Things to Know About the February Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 Update Adam Mills02/07/2017 Today we want to take a look at the most important things you need to know about the Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 Nougat update including a look at the new February Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 build. Advertisement Last year, Google released an Android 7.1 Developer Preview, a beta for Nexus devices. The beta showcased some of the update’s features and it let select Nexus users test the update’s performance ahead of the final release. The company promised an Android 7.1 release for Nexus devices in December and the company made good on that promise. More recently, the company’s released a new February Android 7.1.1 build that brings security patches and, according to some Nexus 5x users, frustrating problems. The February Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 build is a security update that delivers some important patches to the former flagship. It’s small but it’s an important release for the Nexus 5X and Google’s stable of Nexus phones and tablets. Advertisement This roundup takes a look at the current Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 Nougat build, Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 problems plaguing users on the old and new Android 7.1.1 build, a look at what’s officially coming after the Android 7.1.1 Nougat update, and some tips that might help you. We’ll continue to update this with new information so check back for regular updates as we cruise through the month. February Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 Update: Impressions   1 / 7 Google recently rolled out a February Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 update. It's much smaller than the original Android 7.1.1 build and it doesn't bring any new features to the device.  The security build is small but it could also have a positive or negative impact on your device's performance and that's why we're taking a close look at it today.  We've spent just about a day with the new Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 update and battery life appears to be holding up. We haven't noticed any weird battery drain on our model. Advertisement If you start experiencing issues with battery life, and you might, know that it sometimes takes battery life a couple of days to settle in. If problems persist, you'll need to take action.  Up to this point we haven't run into any problems with connectivity. We've tested the Nexus 5X and its new Android 7.1.1 Nougat build with several ISPs, routers and Bluetooth devices. Our connections remain strong and fast. We haven't experienced any random reboots or lockups/freezes/crashes and we haven't seen any UI lag when navigating around the home screen, apps and folders. Animations and transitions are snappy and fluid. It's about the same as the January Android 7.1.1 build.  The February Nexus 5X Android 7.1.1 Nougat update is performing well on our device. We recommend it for most users, particularly those who value their security. If you're feeling leery, track down a second or third opinion before installing it on your device.    1 / 7 24 Responses 10/07/2016 dennphill Reply Had no issues with upgrading to Nougat on my Nexus 5X (Verizon) yesterday – 6 Oct. Anguish in first several pages not necessary in my experience. Phone and service and WiFi (etc.) all seem OK. 10/08/2016 DennisUSA Reply My fingerprint reader has suddenly stopped working. Don’t know if it is related, but this seems suspicious. Anyone have any ideas for me? 10/12/2016 Pratyaksha Reply My Nexus also got the same problem of fingerprint then I just factory data reset now it’s working fine 10/13/2016 HellOJones Reply Finger printer sometimes collide with other apps, try deleting recently installed apps and rebooting device. For me, mine started working as soon as I deleted certain apps. 10/13/2016 Elicon200 Reply I found that my battery was not lasting nearly as many hours as it used it. Noticed immediately; from average 13 hours to about 8. 01/15/2017 Abhishek Gour Reply Same issue on mine too. And it started pretty abruptly. Getting an air of around 2 hours now, which used to be 3- 3 1/2 hrs 10/15/2016 Mohammed Hussain Reply Hi friends this is Hussain Actually I’m using Nexus 5x 32gb last 2months, Mobile is fantastic performance but last time android nougat 7.0 upgrade in my device. Suddenly my play store apps download in WiFi network only not download in mobile data. Please rectify my issues. And battery also drain quickly compared to marshmallow… 10/18/2016 igybundy Reply Many of us got dead phones after the update, usually from 2015 models. So if it is out of warranty wait until google says something. It might have been a bad OTA during the release but some have posted from a couple of weeks ago when they decided to update. After the flash and reboot, the screen is blank and will not turn back on, for others it goes into a boot loop and can not be recovered except for a new motherboard. 11/16/2016 Brendon Reply This happened to mine. Phone bricked a fee weeks after upgrade never to come to life again. While on a call with Google I was transferred to LG who told me that they cover it under warranty for 18 months from date of manufacture. Mine is currently out for repair. 12/15/2016 Mac Reply This is happening A BUNCH!!!! Many 5x phones are turning into a paper weight… I was advised by my son, who is now using a back-up phone due to his 5x completely gone… AND is currently fighting with LG and Verizon because as soon as the update downloaded, it fried!!! 12/15/2016 Mac Reply Update to my last posting, LG and Verizon will reimburse for the loss of the phone (in my sons case) if the phone was purchased with a credit card. Apparently, if the phone was beyond its year of Warranty, the credit card purchase is a type of ‘Warranty’… But, this is what my son is telling me. He might have swallowed his pride on the loss, and simply upgraded a (14 month) old phone. I am finding it Pathetic that we are paying out $500 a year to be forced into a mandatory “upgrade” once a phone developer decides to render our working product USELESS. Maybe we should leave cars on the side of the road once the gas tank goes empty, and blame it on the dealerships!!!! 10/22/2016 Harshit Reply Have been experiencing lagging in my Nexus 5X after the update. The UI seems to get jammed. Also the camera loading takes a while 10/28/2016 Afshin Reply I have not received any OTA update for android 7 on my Nexus 5x! Is it normal? Another question! Does the android 7 causes Bootloop on Nexus 5x? 10/28/2016 Afshin Reply My Device runs Android 6.1! 11/14/2016 amir Reply @Afshin, I read about bootloop, but i just got my 5X today. I will open the box and post here about it. 11/16/2016 Sean Reply My battery life has been terrible with the first release of Nougat 7.0. I just updated to the latest update and the battery life boosted to double the amount. 75% showing 1 day and 5hrs of usage. 12/08/2016 Anonymous Reply So all the article here is doing is complaining about the 7.0 update but it doesn’t explain how to bypass it to update to 7.1? 12/15/2016 Steve Simms Reply Steve I just did the 7.1.1 upgrade on my Nexus 5x and it cycles through the start up look over and over. I have shut it down after trying the hard re-set numerous times. Does anyone have any ideas on a fix. Seeing I cant get the phone to open the home page before going through the start up mode again i’m not sure what to do next. HELP 01/06/2017 Scott Reply I still haven’t received the 7.1.1 OTA update for my 5X. I’m still on 7.0. Is this an issue with my phone or is Google still in the process of rolling it out? 01/08/2017 alanbecker.deviantart.com Reply Real instructive and wonderful anatomical structure of content , now that’s user friendly (: 01/11/2017 Matt Reply 7.1.1 has broken Bluetooth connectivity with many people with certain types of car head units. My Joying head unit repeatedly connects and disconnects now. This is a KNOWN issue. refer to: https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/nexus/Mv5Hc6Lw7rA 01/18/2017 Dan Reply This article is so ‘SEO optimised’ as to be almost unreadable. 02/10/2017 Agreg45 Reply Nexus 5Xs are shutting down like crazy. Users unable to power back up. Google accepting No responsibility or accountability for problem since LG made cells. LG wants more money to fix my cell due to 2 months out of warranty. F**k Google and LG. 02/15/2017 LPilar Reply The 7.1.1 update over the weekend created the infamous bootloop issue for my 5x aka turned my phone into a brick. I called Google and after confirming I had indeed updated the phone to 7.1.1 they agreed to send me another 5x (using a warranty exception as my phone is more than 12 months old) and I am to send back my old phone. They did say that if I did not update to 7.1.1 then I would need to call LG. Also, if they find that the returned phone was not updated, they will send it back to me. Note: As a long time Nexus addict I usually wait to install updates (obviously I didn’t this time) as an OS update also crashed my Nexus4 some years ago now. Google also replaced that phone. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 3 Reasons Not to Install Galaxy S7 Nougat & 5 Reasons You Should 02/07/2017 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2.1 & 6 Reasons You Should 02/01/2017
Gorge News Center A Division Of Haystack Broadcasting Home News Oregon Washington Talk Shows Business Beat Klickitat AM Oregon Cherry Growers Talk of the Gorge Cover to Cover Book Beat Info Community Calendar Road Report School Closure & Delays Ski Report Weather Contact Us Haystack Broadcasting Sites Y-102 Star FM KLCK 1400 Off The Beaten Track Business Directory Google provides WiFi Hotspots for checkout at Wasco County Library branches on February 15, 2017 · Leave a Comment Mayor Steve Lawrence, right, is the first to check out a portable wi-fi unit from The Dalles-Wasco County Library. He is joined by Google’s Dave Karlson, left, and head librarian Jeff Wavrunek (To hear our interview with Google’s Darcy Nothnagle about the grant, click on the grey podcast bar at the bottom of the page.) THE DALLES, Ore., February 14, 2017 – At an event held today, The Dalles-Wasco County Library announced that, thanks to a grant from Google, library patrons will be able to check out WiFi hotspots, similar to the way that they would check out a book. The program provides library patrons with mobile access to the internet for free, and is the first program of its kind in Oregon. Through this WiFi Hotspot Lending Program, library patrons in The Dalles and Maupin with a current library card can check out hotspots for three-week periods. Laptop computers will also be available for checkout through the library. “Google has bestowed a unique opportunity for learning on the library and the students of The Dalles,” said The Dalles Mayor Steve Lawrence. The goal of the new program is to bridge the digital divide in Wasco County. Household income is one of the major factors that hinder people from accessing the internet. “Having internet access isn’t just a luxury these days, it’s a necessity for school assignments, applying for jobs, and staying connected with the world,” said Darcy Nothnagle, Google. “We hope this program will provide greater access and greater opportunity for the entire community.” Google and the library hope this program will not only help increase access, but also critical digital literacy skills. Over the last 2 years, Google has contributed approximately $200,000 in funding through several different grants for The Dalles-Wasco County Library for technology enhancements, including upgrades to library computers and enhancing the wifi at the Library, and for Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) programs in the new wing. In 2015, Google also provided an $87,880 grant for the Maupin Broadband Project to assist in bringing high speed broadband to the Maupin Community and establishing free public Wi-Fi at Maupin’s Riverfront Park and the Maupin Branch of the Wasco County Library District. The grant also connected the Branch Library to the Main Library in The Dalles and provides free internet on library computers for patrons. “We’re excited to partner with Google to provide this new WiFi Hotspot Lending Program to our local patrons,” said Jeff Wavrunek, district librarian, The Dalles-Wasco County Library. “Google’s support has been key to enhancing our ability to assist patrons through technology and programs.” This program is just one way Google is committed to playing a positive role in The Dalles-Wasco County community. Since 2008, Google has awarded more than $1.6 million to Wasco County nonprofits and schools. http://gorgenewscenter.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/02-15-17-Darcy-for-online.mp3 Podcast: Play in new window | Download Leave A Comment... Cancel reply Name * Email * Website CAPTCHA Code * Powered by Catalyst Copyright © 2017 Gorge News Center Video – A $2,000 parking ticket? Mexican immigrant ‘dreamer’ in Seattle sues US over arrest
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Amazon Echo and Google Home may soon be able to make voice calls Jeff Dunn Feb. 15, 2017, 11:33 AM 3,184 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Amazon Echo.Amazon The Amazon Echo and Google Home could be used to make and receive phone calls later this year, according to a new report from The Wall Street Journal’s Ryan Knutson and Laura Stevens. Citing “people familiar with the matter,” the report says that both Amazon and Google are looking to activate the feature, but that their attempts have been slowed by privacy and regulatory concerns. Amazon has reportedly been working on Echo-specific voice calls since 2015, but has been held up by “employee turnover” as well. Amazon declined a request for comment. Google declined as well, only saying that it “continue[s] developing new experiences for Google Home.” How exactly this feature would work on either device is unclear. The report suggests that the smart speakers would “most likely” use voice over internet protocol (VoIP) tech, which lets you make calls over the internet. This is what apps like Skype do today. Amazon launched its own Skype competitor called Chime on Tuesday. The Google Home.Hollis Johnson/Business Insider The report says Amazon is considering other options, though, like giving the Echo its own phone number and using call forwarding, or syncing an Echo owner’s phone number with the speaker itself. In any case, Amazon would be entering the market with less experience in phone tech than Google, which has operated its Google Voice service since 2009. Google Voice currently gives users a phone number that can be used for forwarding calls and making VoIP calls; it was recently updated by Google in late January. Google also runs a wireless service called Project Fi, which provides mobile data by piggybacking off Sprint and T-Mobile’s network. Integrating voice-call support would make sense for speakers that, particularly in the Echo’s case, are growing increasingly popular and intelligent. But it would likely further the ongoing privacy concerns that exist with such devices, especially since both speakers have the ability to record conversations. One of the WSJ's sources says that Amazon wouldn't record the content of conversations, but that it would collect the length of those conversations and what numbers are dialed. All of that, plus the myriad of regulatory hurdles associated with creating new telephone features, means Google and Amazon are likely far from getting speaker-specific voice calls up and running in the near-term. But if they do make it work, voice calling could turn the Echo and Home into modern-day landline phones. You can read the full Wall Street Journal report here >> Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Why Amazon's Echo is totally dominating — and what Google, Microsoft, and Apple have to do to catch up NOW WATCH: These popular devices keep a recording of everything you ask them — here's how to find it and delete it Loading video... More: Tech Amazon Echo Google @home Amazon Google Voice assistants smart speakers Calling VoIP Skype Google Voice Voice calling Phone calls facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Amazon Echo and Google Home may soon be able to make voice calls Amazon Echo and Google Home may soon be able to make voice calls The Amazon Echo and Google Home could be used... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
NESN Red Sox Bruins Patriots Celtics MLB NFL NBA NHL Cars Soccer UFC WWE Odds Fantasy TV Schedule NESN Fuel NESN Video NESN National Advertise Careers About Search Live Streams NESN Fuel Too Much ‘F-You Money’ Drove Employees Away From Google Car Project by Pat McAssey on Wed, Feb 15, 2017 at 11:42AM 2,855 Share this: Tweet Since Google turned its self-driving car project into a standalone company, Waymo, it has flourished. But the division apparently had a rough go of things in its infancy, which was largely caused by paying its staff too much money. Unnamed sources close to the car project reportedly told Bloomberg on Monday that the department struggled to retain talent because it provided employees with too much financial security. Before creating Waymo, Google reportedly paid workers in its self-driving division using a compensation system based on the project’s valuation. This resulted in many employees receiving bonuses by 2015 that were so large two of Bloomberg’s sources referred to them as “F-you money.” It’s not clear how the system allowed compensation payouts to snowball the way they did, or how much the bonuses cost Alphabet Inc., Google’s parent company. But Ruth Porat, Alphabet’s chief financial officer, supposedly touched upon it while explaining why operating costs in the fourth quarter of 2015 increased 14 percent to $6.6 billion, according to Bloomberg. “(The rising costs were) primarily driven by R&D expense, particularly affected by expenses resulting from project milestones in ‘Other Bets’ established several years ago,” Porat said during an earnings conference call. While Google implemented a more-traditional payment structure when it established Waymo in December, it didn’t do so before losing staffers to competitors, as well as others who launched their own startups. Several former members of Google’s self-driving car team left to form Otto, the autonomous truck company Uber has since acquired. Former executive Bryan Salesky also started his own company, Argo AI, which recently received a $1 billion investment from Ford. Interestingly, Argo seems to be using a compensation system similar to the one previously used by Google. After Google stopped the bleeding, its autonomous driving technology project got back on track, and now has logged more testing miles than any of its competitors. Thumbnail photo via Google More Stories Stanley Cup Odds: Bruins In Middle Of Pack, Currently Sit On Playoff Bubble Carmelo Anthony Surprisingly Chosen As Kevin Love’s All-Star Replacement Craig Kimbrel Returns To Mound, Throws First Bullpen Session Of Spring Training Late Red Wings Owner Mike Ilitch Did Unbelievable Thing For Rosa Parks Celtics Wrap: Boston Earns Hard-Fought 116-108 Win Over Philadelphia NESN Team Dale Arnold Guerin Austin Andy Brickley Tom Caron Matt Chatham Mike Cole Courtney Cox Zack Cox Sarah Davis Marc DiBenedetto Ricky Doyle Dennis Eckersley Jack Edwards Keely Flanagan Sam Galanis Nicholas Goss Darren Hartwell John Henry Rachel Holt Andre Khatchaturian Doug Kyed Adam London Steve Lyons Cameron McDonough Charlie Moore Marcus O’Mard Adam Pellerin Jerry Remy Nikki Reyes Jim Rice Joshua Schrock Michaela Vernava Ben Watanabe Jahmai Webster News from COED The New ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Rumors Are LIT AF ‘It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia’ Stream: Watch Season 12, Episode 7 Online Free Louisiana High School Coach Bans Alabama From Recruiting At His School Duke vs. Virginia Live Stream: How To Watch Online We’re Not Sure What’s Going On In This Nicki Minaj Photo & We’re Totally Okay With It Barbara Palvin Gets Wet For 2017 ‘Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue’ News from thesportsdaily.com Mariah Carey sheepishly asks Floyd Mayweather for selfie at game Andrew Wiggins destroys Nikola Jokic with ferocious dunk (VIDEO) Photo of lethargic Phil Jackson riding public bus goes viral Timberwolves down Nuggets 112-99 on big nights from Wiggins, Towns Tom Brady talks about retirement after Super Bowl win Sports Topics Boston Bruins Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox New England Patriots Liverpool FC Baltimore Orioles Boston Boxing Brooklyn Nets Buffalo Bills Buffalo Sabres College Basketball College Football Entertainment Fenway Park Fenway Sports Group Golf Horse Racing Los Angeles Lakers Miami Dolphins Montreal Canadiens New York Giants NASCAR New England Revolution New York Jets New York Knicks New York Rangers New York Yankees Roush Fenway Soccer Tampa Bay Rays Tennis Toronto Blue Jays Toronto Maple Leafs UFC WWE NESN Sources 98.5 Alexa ACE Ticket BostonBruins.com Boston Globe Boston Herald CraveOnline Celtics.com Chartbeat Compete comScore CSN New England ESPN Patriots.com NFL.com NHL.com Quantcast RedSox.com WEEI YES Network Recent Stories Isaiah Thomas ‘Confident’ He Can Pass Russell Westbrook As NBA’s Top Scorer Andrew Wiggins Posterizes Nikola Jokic With Sick Dunk In 40-Point Game Vince Young Has Eye On Making NFL Comeback After Hiring New Agent NESN Links About NESN Advertise on NESN Contact NESN FAQ Email List Subscribe Unsubscribe NESN on Facebook NESN on Google+ NESN on Twitter NESN on YouTube NESN RSS Feed Privacy Policy Terms of Use Certifications © 2017 NESN Powered by WordPress.com VIP
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers How to be more ‘Google’ with talent analytics 9Shares 0 0 0 9 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing 5 most expensive drones in the world Shell makes it easy to fill up and go with payments app for Jaguar cars Top 6 Valentine’s tech gifts for him & her Top 6 Valentine’s tech gifts for him & her AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Fitbit faces criminal investigation into alleged Jawbone trade secrets theft 3D Printing Explained Industrial IoT Explained AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Driverless car insurance plans unveiled by UK government AT&T, IBM, Nokia, Symantec launch IoT Cybersecurity Alliance Will biometric scanning soon revolutionise Britain’s railways? Elementary my dear Watson: IBM brings machine learning to the private cloud Santander banking app lets customers pay using their voice Elon Musk: Humans must merge with AI or be forgotten Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Google throws a Cloud Spanner in the AWS works with public cloud database Cloud wars: Oracle CEO labels AWS infrastructure ‘old’ How serverless computing is turning the cloud on its head Elementary my dear Watson: IBM brings machine learning to the private cloud How serverless computing is turning the cloud on its head Oracle looks to the cloud for easier enterprise data integration How serverless computing is turning the cloud on its head Three UK to use Nokia’s cloud native core network to improve customer service Public cloud security remains in doubt but trust is on the rise CASB Explained Cloud wars: Oracle CEO labels AWS infrastructure ‘old’ Business collaboration software: Tech for the sake of tech or vital enterprise tool? Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business More bad news for Yahoo as hackers strike yet again RSA Conference 2017: Microsoft President calls for Digital Geneva Convention to protect against nation-state cyberattacks Security is number one issue plaguing business, Michael Dell tells RSA Conference 2017 More bad news for Yahoo as hackers strike yet again New Intel software bolsters data centre security CASB Explained More bad news for Yahoo as hackers strike yet again New Intel software bolsters data centre security CASB Explained More bad news for Yahoo as hackers strike yet again RSA Conference 2017: Microsoft President calls for Digital Geneva Convention to protect against nation-state cyberattacks Security is number one issue plaguing business, Michael Dell tells RSA Conference 2017 Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops New iPhone could have OLED display as Apple mulls Chinese screen supplier Mobiles: Top 7 most expensive phones in the world South Korean prosecutors once again seek arrest warrant for Samsung Chief New iPhone could have OLED display as Apple mulls Chinese screen supplier Apple fuels wireless charging iPhone 8 rumours after joining Wireless Power Consortium Cisco: By 2021 more people will have smartphones than running water Shell makes it easy to fill up and go with payments app for Jaguar cars Santander banking app lets customers pay using their voice Amazon Chime goes head-to-head with Microsoft Teams, Cisco Spark in videoconferencing race Verizon reintroduces unlimited data plan to lure more customers Nokia targets global IoT network with WING Nokia to buy Comptel for €347m to create standalone software company CES 2017: Intel debuts 7th-gen Kaby Lake chips for desktop How to follow CES 2017: From Twitter to Live Streams – don’t miss any CES news Japanese tech giants hit with €166m laptop and phone battery cartel fine Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular New Intel software bolsters data centre security Exploding cloud and colo demand sees Colt expand London data centre Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update Exploding cloud and colo demand sees Colt expand London data centre Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub 15 of the worst companies for renewable energy – Greenpeace report Stockholm city to offer sustainable data centre services with new hub Google opens €600 green data centre in the Netherlands IBM joins zero outage association to help end IT downtime for good Juniper looks to unite cloud for the data centre When two become one: Dell EMC sets its spirit free because it’s the only way to be HPE, Schneider Electric partner on micro data centres Big Data Analytics IBM, Hortonworks tackle big data in Hadoop analytics partnership Yahoo & Microsoft open source data analytics tools for Spark & Graph Engine Salesforce taps Einstein AI for boost to cloud CRM Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation IBM, Hortonworks tackle big data in Hadoop analytics partnership UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Major GitLab backup failure wipes 300GB of data New Intel software bolsters data centre security IBM, Hortonworks tackle big data in Hadoop analytics partnership Juniper signs up tech alliance to secure software-defined networks New Intel software bolsters data centre security UK government’s digital transformation strategy puts vendors on alert Major GitLab backup failure wipes 300GB of data Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update Nvidia to power industry supercomputers with new Quadro products Anonymous-linked hacker takes down 20% of Dark Web Digital projects stall as IT delivery gap puts business at risk Business collaboration software: Tech for the sake of tech or vital enterprise tool? Container secrets secured in Docker DataCentre update IBM boosts cyber security with startup buyout Inside Silicon Valley Startup Bromium: Using Virtual Machines to Escape Endpoint Prohibition DevOps Decoded – Gaining a competitive edge with speed, productivity and security Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Shell makes it easy to fill up and go with payments app for Jaguar cars New Intel software bolsters data centre security All VerticalsThe Boardroom Back to Home How to be more ‘Google’ with talent analytics Increase / Decrease text size By Robert Dagge, Managing Director at Dynistics Ellie Burns 15th February 2017 9Shares 0 0 0 9 Add to favorites The workforce, the right workforce, is the backbone of any business. Dynistics’ Robert Dagge looks at the master of talent acquisition – Google – and discusses how you can follow the tech giant’s lead. Attracting, developing and retaining talent at Google is serious business – and one that has paid off too. Each Google employee reportedly generates on average nearly $1 million in revenue and $200,000 in profits each year. It’s a testament to the effort Google puts into acquiring the best people and encouraging them to stay for the long-haul. In the same way that it carries out research and development for its products and services, Google applies data collection and analysis to both potential and existing employees. Instead of the traditional HR format of decision-making based on assumptions, first impressions and relationship building, Google uses statistics and algorithms. Specifically, it uses analytics to expand the candidate pipeline, improve decision making and identification of the best candidates, and make the hiring process fast and efficient. Technology businesses can take advantage of the same principles. While not all have access to Google’s resources, they can harness big data on employees to gain more valuable insights and tightly link with HR and business strategy – otherwise known as talent analytics.   Focus on data, not relationships While most business departments make decisions based on hard facts, HR has traditionally relied on first impressions, hunches and relationships. In direct contrast, Google has one of the only data-driven HR functions. Big data is making it far easier to plan ahead and prioritise. By using dashboards to obtain a single reporting view, organisations can take a more analytical and informed approach to appointing the right staff, confident that the data is accurate and subsequently delivering increases in revenues.   Attract the right talent for your organisation In Google’s short lifespan, it has grown from a two-man startup to an organisation with nearly 37,000 employees in 40 different countries. How have they successfully managed and integrated these new staff while motivating them to be consistently loyal, ambitious, innovative and productive? By defining what talent means to your organisation, you’re far more likely to recruit those individuals who are the right ‘cultural’ fit and ‘buy in’ to your organisation’s values and long-term goals. You therefore need to develop a clear, single view of who your key talent is and make sure those individuals are identified, managed and rewarded. Google, for example, uses data to figure out what makes effective leaders. Technology is an invaluable tool for staff benchmarking. Using data to analyse and compare the productivity and success of staff enables organisations to set a gold standard to aspire to. Failure to do this could mean you lose unengaged, disenchanted members of staff to other more dynamic organisations or they will stagnate, adding little or no value.   Learning from your current workforce Historically, analytics has had more of a reporting function in HR, but the advent of new dashboard capabilities and advanced analytics is changing that. HR professionals can now easily pull together metrics and key performance indicators (KPIs) for keeping the organisation’s long-term goals on track. By focusing on workforce planning, organisations can assess future requirements and match these to available talent. This can help to track of how happy and engaged employees are, identify any underlying issues, and reveal team efficiency, productivity and staff retention.   Find the data that matters most While organisations are rich with data, it’s important to think about what information you really need i.e. the data insight that drives the right business decision making. Rather than having to navigate through time-consuming, and sometimes irrelevant reports, dashboards are designed to be quick, simple and accessible, providing a high level of instant information with the ability to drill down further where needed. Google’s London Offices. Check that your HR department is fully integrated with the rest of your organisation HR departments often lack the resources and real time information to unify each step of the performance management process to provide a single view of employees. Dashboard software automates the full requisition-to-hire process for senior talent and integrates it with HR management and payroll systems, processes can be fully joined up, providing complete visibility of performance and progression planning. Dashboard technology enables organisations to overhaul its people data by consolidating all the data sources into one digital dashboard providing a deeper strategic insight into their employees. They can then use that insight to proactively put the right teams and talent in place to effectively respond to their needs. The bottom line is that big data matters. While analytics can help drive change, boost workforce engagement and enable strategic decision making, it’s important to amass data for its own sake as well as look at how it can help the business grow. Successful businesses are good at aligning their work with strategic goals and then making sure this drives change and long-term success. So when thinking about analytics, ask yourself: what would Google do?   Tags Google Homepage News List Sidebar Opinions Previous ArticleGoogle throws a Cloud Spanner in the AWS works with public cloud database Next ArticleMobiles: Top 7 most expensive phones in the world Most read CASB Explained Ellie Burns 15th February 2017 IBM, Hortonworks tackle big data in Hadoop analytics partnership Ellie Burns 14th February 2017 Business collaboration software: Tech for the sake of tech or vital enterprise tool? James Nunns 14th February 2017 Salesforce taps Einstein AI for boost to cloud CRM James Nunns 13th February 2017 UK government to deliver ‘cyber curriculum’ to tackle cyber security skills gap Hannah Williams 13th February 2017 Ransomware: #1 business cyber security threat or media hype? Ellie Burns 10th February 2017 UK cloud wars intensify as Microsoft lowers prices & releases Azure data centre services Hannah Williams 7th February 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel HPE Security Research – Cyber Risk Report 2016 By HPE Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Editor’s Pick RSA Conference 2017: Microsoft President calls for Digital Geneva Convention to protect against nation-state cyberattacks Tom Ball 15th February 2017 Cloud wars: Oracle CEO labels AWS infrastructure ‘old’ James Nunns 15th February 2017 Data Breaches Demystified – Why Everyone Seems Powerless to Stop Them Ellie Burns 14th February 2017 Queen officially opens GCHQ cyber security centre as UK aims to be safest place to live and work online Byomakesh Biswal 14th February 2017 Top 6 Valentine’s tech gifts for him & her Hannah Williams 13th February 2017 Related News Digital projects stall as IT delivery gap puts business at risk Joe Clark 15th February 2017 Enterprise IT New Intel software bolsters data centre security Hannah Williams 15th February 2017 IBM, Hortonworks tackle big data in Hadoop analytics partnership Ellie Burns 14th February 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Digital Catapult launches programme for virtual, mixed and augmented reality startups Ellie Burns 9th February 2017 4th Revolution Transforming your business with deep learning Ellie Burns 6th February 2017 4th Revolution Driverless cars: A new way of life and a new cybersecurity challenge Ellie Burns 2nd February 2017 Latest in Analysis Markets Can IoT solutions save the ageing healthcare system? Joe Clark 15th February 2017 Markets The CIO’s Dilemma Ellie Burns 8th February 2017 Cloud growth clears away the January gloom for tech giants reveling in revenue growth James Nunns 27th January 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Microsoft & KPMG team up for Blockchain Nodes 8 mins ago More bad news for Yahoo as hackers strike yet again 1 hour ago Digital projects stall as IT delivery gap puts business at risk 17 hours ago New iPhone could have OLED display as Apple mulls Chinese screen supplier 17 hours ago New Intel software bolsters data centre security 17 hours ago Elementary my dear Watson: IBM brings machine learning to the private cloud 17 hours ago 5 most expensive drones in the world 20 hours ago Mobiles: Top 7 most expensive phones in the world 20 hours ago How to be more ‘Google’ with talent analytics 22 hours ago Google throws a Cloud Spanner in the AWS works with public cloud database 22 hours ago Exploding cloud and colo demand sees Colt expand London data centre 22 hours ago CASB Explained 23 hours ago Shell makes it easy to fill up and go with payments app for Jaguar cars 23 hours ago Can IoT solutions save the ageing healthcare system? 23 hours ago RSA Conference 2017: Microsoft President calls for Digital Geneva Convention to protect against nation-state cyberattacks 24 hours ago Cloud wars: Oracle CEO labels AWS infrastructure ‘old’ 1 day ago
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC Android News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 1.5M 416K 366K 53K 15K 20K 65K 46K Recent News AccuWeather Android Wear 2.0 App Hits Google Play Huawei P10 Leaks In Blue, Green And Yellow Color Variants Moto G5 Plus Press Materials Leak, Design & Specs Revealed LG’s G6 Has A FullVision Display With An 18:9 Aspect Ratio Recent Reviews Meizu M5 Note Review Review: OUKITEL C5 Pro Android Smartphone Review: Honor 6X Android Smartphone Review: OUKITEL U20 Plus Android Smartphone Android Deals Pick Up the Harman Kardon Onyx Studio Wireless Portable Speaker for $96 – 2/15/17 Deal: ZTE Axon Pro 32GB for $175, 64GB for $199 – 2/15/17 Deal: Philips Hue Starter Kit (Refurbished) for $139 – 2/15/17 Electronic Deals: Feb. 15th, 2017 – Samsung, Fitbit, NETGEAR Special Features Weekly Poll: Are You Buying The LG Watch Style Or LG Watch Sport? Make The Most Of Valentine’s Day With Android For Singles Will Chrome’s WebVR Support Be The Future Of Mobile VR? How To Make The Most Of Valentine’s Day With Android For Couples Petition Circulating for Sony Smartwatch 3 to Get Android Wear 2.0 February 15, 2017 - Written By Alexander Maxham While the Sony Smartwatch 3 won’t officially be getting Android Wear 2.0, that hasn’t stopped current owners of the smartwatch from starting a petition to get Sony and Google to update the smartwatch. It’s not surprising that the Smartwatch 3 isn’t getting the update, seeing as most of the other smartwatches announced in 2014 are also being left out. The Sony Smartwatch 3 debuted around the same time as the LG G Watch R, Moto 360 and the ASUS ZenWatch. It actually became a pretty popular smartwatch, largely due to the fact that it was a bit more water-proof than the others on the market. It also had things like NFC, which Android Wear wasn’t using at the time, but is now using for Android Pay. Last week, Google unveiled Android Wear 2.0’s final release. After being delayed a few months, it’s finally set to start rolling out this month. And the LG Watch Sport and Watch Style are already available at the Google Store, Verizon and AT&T with Android Wear 2.0. This update to Android Wear is a pretty big one, in fact Google calls it the biggest one to date, and brings in a slew of new features as well as an entirely new interface. Android Wear is still fairly new for Google, so they still aren’t entirely sure what the best UI is for your wrist, a big reason why the UI got a huge overhaul this time around. At the time of writing, the petition on Change.org has over 1,700 signatures from Sony Smartwatch 3 owners who want to see the company work with Google to release the update to their smartwatch. Now this doesn’t mean that it’s going to happen, but it is pretty impressive that there are this many people still with this smartwatch. The Sony Smartwatch 3 hasn’t had a successor just yet. It’s unclear if Sony was waiting for Android Wear 2.0 to come out – like many other manufacturers, which is why 2016 was a slow year for Android Wear smartwatches – or if they have given up. A few other manufacturers have given up, as the smartwatch industry just isn’t as big as they thought it might be. Many manufacturers thought that smartwatches would be the new smartphone, but that hasn’t happened yet. It’s important to note though, that smartwatches are still fairly new so that may change. Post navigation Electronic Deals: Feb. 15th, 2017 – Samsung, Fitbit, NETGEAR Deal: Philips Hue Starter Kit (Refurbished) for $139 – 2/15/17 February 15, 2017 | Android News , Android Smartwatch News Source: Change.org Via: Wareable Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News AccuWeather Android Wear 2.0 App Hits Google Play Huawei P10 Leaks In Blue, Green And Yellow Color Variants YouTube (Desktop) Receives Material Redesign And Dark Mode Moto G5 Plus Press Materials Leak, Design & Specs Revealed Sundar Pichai Responds To A 7-Year-Old’s Job Application Win An NVIDIA SHIELD (2017) With Android Headlines – International Giveaway LG’s G6 Has A FullVision Display With An 18:9 Aspect Ratio A New Moto X May Have Just Passed Through The FCC Phone Comparisons: Moto Z Force vs ASUS ZenFone AR Huawei’s P10 Plus Seems To Have Leaked In Press Renders Play Store App Updates Can Be Handled By The APKUpdater App Best Robot Vacuum Review – Dyson 360 Eye, iRobot Roomba 980, Xiaomi Mi Robot Tech Talk: Banks Are Hoping To Replace ATM Cards With Smartphones Huawei Is Reportedly Building A Digital Assistant Of Its Own Alphabet’s Access Division Hires Greg McCray As CEO ASUS Reveals The Cost Of Their ZenFone 3 Zoom In Taiwan Download: You Can Share Voicemails In Google Phone 8.0 Google Officially Announces The Launch Of Android Wear 2.0 Google Explains some of their Choices in Making the Pixel The Google News Fact Check Tag Is Coming To More Countries U.S. Cellular-Branded LG Flagship Hits Geekbench Load More Posts Follow Share
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us The 128GB Black Pixel XL is back in stock, but doesn’t ship for more than a month +4,365 Andrew Myrick Feb 15th, 2017 Google has admittedly had some issues keeping the Pixel XL in stock, and the 128GB variant has been even tougher to get. The 128GB variant has been in and out of stock practically since the device launched, but now it’s back in stock. There’s just one small catch. If you go to the Google Store right now and select the 128GB Pixel XL in Black, you can add it to your cart and purchase it. However, you’ll have to wait 5 or 6 weeks before it gets into your hands. It’s obviously a good thing for Google that it can’t keep up with the demand, but considering the device was launched in November of last year, it’s a bit questionable as to why we’re still seeing issues. If you want to get your hands on the regular 32GB variant, you’ll have to wait 2 to 3 weeks before it makes it to your home. Let us know if you’ll be snagging one, or if you’ll be holding out for something like the LG G6 or Samsung Galaxy S8. Buy on Google local_offer    Google   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (19) stars Further Reading New Google Phone app teardown reveals RCS calling features Google wants to add calling feature to Google Home YouTube update brings new content suggestion to fullscreen videos Google under investigation for anti-competitive practices with Android Google Assistant is coming to Sony Bravia TVs stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertGet a free pizza from T-Mobile and Papa John's closeGet some free pizza courtesy of Papa John’s and T-Mobile Tuesdays Starting on February 14th, and lasting for 4 weeks, T-Mobile has partnered with Papa John’s to give T-Mobile Tuesday users a free large pizza and 25% off regular menu orders. 2 more_vertThe Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirety closeThe Moto G5 Plus has been confirmed after showing up via an online retailer The upcoming Moto G5 Plus has been leaked in its entirely after the device was published through an online retailer. The listing confirms many of the rumors regarding the device. 3 more_vertYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T closeYou can now purchase the 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T, but you’ll have to wait The 128GB Gunmetal OnePlus 3T is now available for purchase, despite the device not shipping for 8 days. The 128GB variant is priced at $479, compared to $439 for the 64GB version. 4 more_vertDEAL: Get a tablet for free from T-Mobile closeT-Mobile is offering 2 free tablets for joining T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile is offering either a free Samsung Tab E or LG G Pad X 8.0 when purchasing the tablet through installment plans and signing up for T-Mobile ONE with at least 6GB of data. 5 more_vertVerizon brings back unlimited data plans closeVerizon surprisingly reintroduces Unlimited Data plans starting at $80 per month Verizon has announced it will be introducing an unlimited data plan for $80 per month, starting tomorrow, February 13th. 6 more_vertHow to remove apps closeHow to remove unwanted apps from your Android phone If you’re using an Android phone that isn’t a Pixel, there’s a pretty good chance it came with a bunch of pre-loaded apps that you have no intention of ever using. Thankfully, you can now remove almost any app. 7 more_vertHow to turn off screen overlay closeWhat to do when you get the annoying “screen overlay detected” message Android has gotten a lot more user-friendly over the years, but there are still some things that can leave users scratching their heads. One of the most annoying recent Android problems is the “screen overlay detected” message. 8 more_vertGoogle and Amazon prepare to battle it out in 2017 closeGoogle may have to play catchup with Amazon’s Alexa Amazon’s Alexa stole the show at CES 2017 and this may be cause for concern for Google’s planned expansion of Google Assistant. 9 more_vertPre-order the Samsung Chromebook Plus closeThe new Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order The Samsung Chromebook Plus is now available for pre-order for $499 from Amazon, Best Buy, Newegg, and the Google Store. The Chromebook Plus launches on Feb. 13th. 10 more_vertEverything we know about the LG G6 closeHere’s everything we know so far about the LG G6 With Mobile World Congress 2017 looming, we take a look at all of the rumors surrounding the LG G6 and what could be coming from LG’s 2017 flagship. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
CLOSE Delete Read Unread Autoblog Alerts You don't have any subscriptions. Look for the around the site to subscribe to the topics of your choice. Autoblog Alerts Want to get notified as soon as we write about the topics you're interested in? Click here to sign in and then look for the around the site to subscribe to those topics. Autoblog Alerts Thanks for subscribing to Autoblog Alerts! As content is published, we'll send it right to you. If you ever need to make changes, you can manage your alerts by clicking MANAGE below. Fetching your alerts. Please wait... Manage Mark All Read New Cars New Cars Hub Models & Styles Car Buying Guides Car Finder Compare Cars Best Deals Dealer Directory Car Loans Research Tools For Sale For Sale Hub Cars for Sale Calculators Certified Pre-Owned Book Values Rebates & Incentives News & Reviews News & Reviews Hub Autoblog Reviews Owner Reviews Auto Shows Photos Racing Calendar News by Make News by Category Press Releases News Archive Ownership Ownership Hub Recalls Safety Repair & Maintenance Repair Shops Gas Prices Sell Your Vehicle Insurance Insurance Quotes Videos Videos Translogic The List Car Club USA Autoblog Details Autoblog Wrenched Short Cuts Autoblog Minute Store Car Care Oils & Fluids Performance Tools More Parts & Accessories + Specs & Reviews Cars for Sale Specs & Reviews Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs & Reviews Cars For Sale Select a Make Select a Model Go or Select a Style Convertible Coupe Crossover Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Minivan Sedan SUV Performance Truck Van Wagon New Used Certified Pre-Owned CPO Select a Make Select a Model Go Shop Specs / Reviews For Sale This page is for personal, non-commercial use. You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues, customers, or clients, by visiting http://www.autobloglicensing.com Report Report Feb 15th 2017 at 8:30AM Add Subscribe Google's self-driving unit lost execs by overpaying them facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License Danny King A talent exodus from startups that don't pay enough? Sure, we've all heard of that. A talent exodus from startups that pay too much? Only in Silicon Valley. Or at Google, to be precise. Google's autonomous-driving project, which launched in 2010 and was rebranded as Waymo late last year, has been losing some executives because the division's compensation system paid some executives enough money to be financially independent, Bloomberg News reports, citing people familiar with the process. With compensation formerly based on the project's future financial value, some early members of the division received payouts in the seven-figure range. A spokesman from Google parent Alphabet declined to comment to Bloomberg. Notably, Google's fourth-quarter 2015 operating expenses jumped 14 percent from a year earlier to $6.6 billion largely from research and development costs for non-core business units, though the company didn't attribute the spending jump directly to payouts for the autonomous-driving project. Still, competition for talent within the autonomous-driving sector in Silicon Valley has been fierce, as electric-vehicle maker Tesla and ride-hailing service leader Uber Technologies continue to boost their investments in self-driving technology. Former Google autonomous-driving project leader Chris Urmson left the division in last August to start up his own firm, while other executives departed to form the autonomous-trucking firm Otto, which has been acquired by Uber. The project, which was previously part of the Google X and Alphabet X research and development divisions, was rebranded as Waymo last year, and is overseen by John Krafcik, whose previous experience includes a stint with Ford Motor Co. as well as serving as CEO of Hyundai Motor America. Google has indicated that it has since standardized its compensation system for Waymo employees. Related Video: News Source: Bloomberg News Image Credit: GEOFF ROBINS/AFP/Getty Images Create alerts for any tag below Subscribe Green United States Autonomous google report waymo facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License I'm reporting this comment as: Rude or offensive Not constructive / off-topic Sexual content Spam or misleading Other Reported comments and users are reviewed by Autoblog staff 24 hours a day, seven days a week to determine whether they violate Community Guideline. Accounts are penalized for Community Guidelines violations and serious or repeated violations can lead to account termination. Submit Login Logout Post Reply 1 Second Ago Read All 0 Delete Report Reply Trending These are the least reliable cars in America Best-selling automobiles of 2016 New Car Buying Guides Most and least efficient car companies Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Find and compare 2017 Models Best-selling automobiles of 2016 New Car Buying Guides Most and least efficient car companies Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Find and compare 2017 Models Follow Us GM's European Opel division may eventually go all-electric Americans drove more last year, but still below peak Google's self-driving unit lost execs by overpaying them View More From Our Partners You May Like Links by Zergnet Shop Books The Toyota Way: 14 Management Principles from the World's Greatest Manufacturer OBD-II & Electronic Engine Management Systems (Haynes Repair Manuals) How To Weld (Motorbooks Workshop) Automotive Technology: Principles, Diagnosis, and Service (5th Edition) Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Parts & Accessories Fidget Cube Relieves Stress And Anxiety for Children and Adults Anxiety Attention Toy (Black Green) AAA 4005 Blue Aluminum Sport Utility Shovel Fidget Cube for Fidgeters! Relieve Stress, Anxiety, and Boredom for Children and Adults. (Black /... Camco 40043 TastePURE Water Filter with Flexible Hose Protector Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Merchandise Zone Tech 30cm LED Car Flexible Waterproof Light Strip GREEN (pack of 4) FANMATS NFL Green Bay Packers Vinyl Heavy Duty Car Mat FH Group Universal Fit Full Set Flat Cloth Fabric Car Seat Cover, (Green/Black) (FH-FB050114, Fit... E Support Green 12v 15 Led 30cm Car Flexible Waterproof Underbody Light Strip Pack of 10 Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Movies 50th Corvette Anniversary, Boosting Battery Life, 1970 Torino King Cobra Supercross Kings Fun To Know Car Care Tips BMX Bandits / Evel Knievel Double Feature Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Consumer Resources Compare Top Models Choose up to 3 vehicles to compare side-by-side on price, features, performance, cost of ownership and more. Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Guide to the latest ADAS offerings, including Blind Spot Monitoring, Turn Assist, Backup Collision Warning and more. Local Car Dealers Find car dealers by make and location. Videos How To Change Automatic Transmission Fluid | Autoblog WrenchedWatch Video Rally Racing with Subaru Rally Team USA Driver David Higgins | AutoblogVRWatch Video Watch this Hot Wheels car and the amazing Technicolor toy trackWatch Video The self-balancing motorcycle is such a Soichiro Honda solution to a problemWatch Video Watch the Lucid Air EV get sideways in winter testingWatch Video A new Hyundai Accent arrives next week with baby Elantra stylingWatch Video You can open the frunk on a Tesla Model X with just a screwdriverWatch Video Driving Iron Man's Favorite Supercar, The Acura NSX | Translogic 215Watch Video How To Replace Rear Differential Fluid | Autoblog WrenchedWatch Video Honda has a super creepy ad for the Clarity Fuel CellWatch Video × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Select one or more topics to subscribe to: Green Green United States United States Autonomous Autonomous google google report report waymo waymo Select one or more of the following methods to receive alerts: Email Instant Daily Weekly This email address will be used for all of your alerts. On Site Text This phone number will be used for all of your alerts. Msg&Data rates may apply. Manage Clear × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Thanks! Your alerts preferences have been saved. Manage Close × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Verify Phone Number You must verify your phone number in order to begin receiving text alerts. We will send a verification code shortly to your phone via text. Enter it below and click "Verify". Didn't receive a code? Resend it Verify Cancel Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Contact Tip Us Feedback Licensing Our Apps Autoblog 360 Autoblog iPhone Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcasts On iTunes Archives Advertising About Ads Advertise With Us Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks © Copyright 2017 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved × Login Please login using one of the following services: Cars for Sale Near You Share This Photo X Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Reddit Linkedin Pinterest X Login Please select an option before voting. Okay
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 16, 4:41 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Did Sony Give Up Smartwatch Business? SmartWatch 3 Not Getting Android Wear 2.0 Update By Corazon Victorino On 02/15/17 AT 11:23 AM Close It’s been three years since Sony released its SmartWatch 3 timepiece, but it hasn’t launched a successor to its smartwatch line to this day. The Tokyo-based electronics company’s absence from the smartwatch scene was not hugely felt by consumers until this week when it subtly confirmed the sad news that its latest high-tech timepiece is not getting the Android Wear 2.0 treatment.  On Wednesday, Xperia Blog found out that Sony updated its product page for the SmartWatch 3 with the confirmation that it is not receiving the newest Google smartwatch OS update. Found at the very bottom part of the Sony Mobile page, Sony’s note reads: “SmartWatch 3 SWR50 supports up to Android Wear 1.5. Android Wear 2.0 and onwards are not supported.” Sony’s confirmation comes just days after Google officially launched the delayed Android Wear 2.0. Aside from introducing the new features of the new OS, Google also published the list of smartwatches that will receive the Wear 2.0 update. The list included LG’s Watch R and Watch Urbane, as well as Motorola, Fossil, Casio and Asus smartwatches, among many others. Related Stories Uber Lands Android Wear 2.0 Android 7.0 Nougat: Devices Receiving The Update This Friday Sony Xperia XA (2017) Leaks Ahead Of MWC Because Sony’s relatively old SmartWatch 3 was noticeably absent from the list, speculations that the device will not get the chance to update its software quickly surfaced. There were also those who believed that the wristwatch could just be receiving Android Wear 2.0 at some point in the future. Unfortunately, Sony chose to crush that tiny amount of hope SmartWatch 3 owners held on to for a long time now.  Upon learning of Sony’s decision however, many SmartWatch 3 owners complained and one of them even started a Change.org petition for Sony to change its mind and ask Google to roll out the new Wear OS to the timepiece. The petition is asking for 2,500 signatures. As of writing, it already has 1,784 supporters. Meanwhile, GSM Arena thinks Sony may have already given up its smartwatch business. The smartphone-centric news site pointed out that Sony’s three-year absence from the smartwatch scene could indicate that it has ceased its efforts to be part of the segment. Of course, this speculation could be easily debunked once Sony expresses its interest in releasing another smartwatch.  Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business FBI Releases Documents In Trump Housing Discrimination Probe The document dump under the Freedom of Information Act came the same day the president railed against leaks to the media. Technology Blizzard Announces End Date For ‘Overwatch’ Season 3 The ongoing season will end in a few days, and the next season will begin a week after that. World US, South Korea To Discuss North Korea Nuclear Weapons Program The meeting in Germany comes just days after North Korea's testing of an intermediate-range ballistic missile, which Pyongyang claims is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead. National BLM: Controversial Quotes And Statements Black Lives Matter has faced a lot of criticism in recent years over their leaders making controversial statements. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Security   /   How Google Secures Over a Billion Android Users       How Google Secures Over a Billion Android Users     By Sean Michael Kerner  |  Posted 2017-02-15 Print               While big vulnerabilities like Stagefright have captured headlines, Google's Android security chief tells the RSA Conference how security actually works in Android. SAN FRANCISCO—Delivering secure mobile technology to billions of users and protecting them from both known and unknown threats is no easy task, but it's the task that Google has aggressively taken on with Android. Speaking at the RSA Conference here, Adrian Ludwig, director of Android security at Google, detailed the methods used by Google to keep its mobile platform and its billions of users secure. Among the myriad challenges that Google faces is the simple fact that there are many different devices and configurations used by handset vendors and carriers for Android. Getting all the devices updated with Google's latest security features isn't something that can happen overnight. For example, with Android 5.0 "Lollipop," which was first released in 2014, few users made use of device encryption. With Android 6.0 "Marshmallow," which was released in 2015, approximately 20 percent of devices are encrypted. With Android 7 "Nougat," which debuted this year, Google made encryption even easier to deploy. As a result, 80 percent of Nougat devices use encryption. Android provides not only encryption now, but also application isolation, device integrity and exploit mitigation capabilities directly as part of the operating system. In addition to the operating system security features, having security services on the platform is also necessary, Ludwig said. Google has multiple security services, including Verify Apps, an anti-malware scanning service that looks for malware on devices. Google also has a sensor network that looks for potential compromises across the Android landscape. And Google has device management services such as device locking and remote wiping, as well as APIs that enable Enterprise Mobility Management (EMM) applications to provide even more services. "Scale is a key differentiator for Google," Ludwig said. "We do over 750 million device scans per day and check over 6 billion apps per day." Ludwig took specific aim at the issue of malware apps on Android. According to Google's latest data, only 0.69 percent of all Android devices have some form of potentially harmful app, he said. Going a level deeper, for devices that only get apps from the official Google Play app store, Ludwig estimates that at most only 0.05 percent of such Android devices have ever encountered some form of potentially harmful app. The key lesson from these figures, Ludwig emphasized, is that it's significantly safer to download and use apps from Google Play than from non-Google app sources. "So don't install apps from outside of Google Play," he said. Malware While malicious apps are a concern, the reality is that is not how Android users are actually being exploited. Rather, Ludwig sees social engineering attacks as being the primary attack vector against Android today. With social engineering attacks, a user sees, for example, a spam advertisement asking the user to install something that then compromises his or her device in some way. Ludwig also took direct aim at the media and widespread reports about big vulnerabilities including the MasterKey, FakeID and Stagefright vulnerabilities that have been disclosed at the Black Hat conference in recent years. For example, the headlines about Stagefright claimed a billion users were at risk. But Ludwig refuted that claim, saying the reality is very different, noting that Google has no confirmed evidence of user exploitation. Looking forward, Ludwig realizes that Google still has work to do to make Android even more secure. Among the big challenges is reducing the amount of time it takes for carriers and device vendors to make security updates available, which is an area that Google is actively working to address. Ludwig also expects to continue to grow Google's bug bounty program for Android, rewarding researchers for reporting potential security issues. Fundamentally, while the challenges of securing over a billion users falls on Google, Ludwig noted that for users, the bottom line is it all should just work. "People don't want to think about security, they; just want it to be that way," he said. Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at eWEEK and InternetNews.com. Follow him on Twitter @TechJournalist.           LATEST SECURITY ARTICLES   Congressional Staffers See Russian Hacking, FISA Vote as Priorities Homeland Security Chairman: We're in the Fight of Our Digital Lives Determinism Is the Key to Security, IDC Tells RSA Conference How Google Secures Over a Billion Android Users Ransomware Becoming Bigger Threat for Businesses, Critical Infrastructure                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows HPE Acquires Security Analytics Vendor Niara A Look at What's Next for Ubuntu Linux in 2017 Kaspersky Discovers New Malware Designed to Stealthily Steal Data Ransomware Takes Out 70 Percent of Washington DC Security Cameras Encryption for Data at Rest comes to Azure File Storage 10 Reasons Why Apple iPad Sales Conti... In a record-setting fourth quarter that saw Apple generate $78.4 bi... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Amazon Echo And Google Home May Get Voice Call Support By Adnan Farooqui on 02/15/2017 08:04 PST Amazon and Google are both selling smart speakers that are powered by AI virtual personal assistants that can do anything from hailing an Uber, searching the internet, creating reminders to streaming music. According to a new report, both companies are working to bring one major feature to the Amazon Echo and Google Home. It’s claimed that both smart speakers may soon receive voice call support. The Wall Street Journal reports today that Amazon and Google are both thinking about enabling Echo and Home to make voice calls on command. The report adds that this feature might be rolled out to both devices as soon as this year. However, there might be some issues related to privacy aside from concerns related to regulatory problems and emergency services that the companies will have to tackle before they can make something like this happen. This feature will also be limited in its usefulness because users will only be able to make calls over speakerphone which means that if they want to have a private conversation, they’ll have to use their smartphone. It should be easier for Google, at least in theory, to get this service running on Home given that it has been running a phone service on Google Voice for seven years and on Project Fi for a couple of years now. Amazon is said to be considering multiple options such as syncing the device to the user’s existing phone number to separate numbers for Echo devices. Another issue they will need to figure out is the switchover from the phone to speakerphone when entering or leaving the room. Amazon and Google have not yet commented on this report. Filed in Gadgets. Read more about Amazon Echo, connected objects and google home. Related Articles 2017-01-18 Vizio Smart Devices Get Google Home Compatibility 2017-01-03 Google Home Can Now Remotely Control Your Hyundai Car 2016-12-27 Police Seeking Access To Amazon Echo Data In Murder Case 2016-12-27 Amazon 2016 Holiday Sales See A Billion Items Shipped 2016-12-20 Amazon Echo Out Of Stock During The Holidays 2016-12-20 Google Home Will Play Nice With Sony’s Speakers And TVs 2016-12-14 Wynn Las Vegas To Equip All Rooms With An Amazon Echo 2016-12-11 Netflix & Google Photos Integration Showing Up For Google Home Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Hasbro Is Letting You Vote For Monopoly’s New Tokens Online Nintendo Hid A Message For Hackers In The NES Classic Final Fantasy XV Glitch Exposes Unexplored, Unused Areas In The Game Razer Confirms Two Prototypes Were Stolen At CES Valve Apparently Prototyped Half-Life 3 As An RTS Tim Cook Teases ‘The Best Is Yet To Come’ For The iPhone Retro-bit Brings Nintendo’s Game Boy Back From The Dead User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Paid Search, Phone Calls Coming To Amazon Echo, Google Home? Amazon's Echo smart speaker could soon have voice calling and voice search features, observers speculate. (ZUMAPRESS.com/Newscom) REINHARDT KRAUSE 2/15/2017 Reprints Amazon.com (AMZN) and Google reportedly are working on technology that could turn their voice-activated, smart home speaker systems into phones, while there's also speculation over Amazon's plans for paid search on its popular Echo devices. Amazon has sold more than 8.2 million Echo home speakers, says Consumer Intelligence Research. Google-parent Alphabet (GOOGL) launched its artificial-intelligence supported home speaker system last fall but hasn't disclosed shipments. Amazon and Alphabet are racing to add more features to the internet-connected home devices. It's not clear if telecom regulations would get in the way of Amazon's Echo or Google Home adding communications features, the Wall Street Journal reported. Analysts view the new Republican-led Federal Communications Commission as being more friendly to AT&T (T) and Verizon Communications (VZ) on regulation. IBD'S TAKE: Weibo, Netflix, and Tesla are on IBD's Leaderboard, which follows top stocks from their work on forming bases, through their breakouts, to their post-breakout action, up to the point where they start topping. Meanwhile, observers speculate that Amazon might offer a search service via its Echo home devices, which would pose a threat to Google's core advertising business. A top Amazon executive signaled paid search plans at an advertising industry meeting on Jan. 19. While Google's business has weathered the migration of search to mobile phones from desktop PCs, voice-assisted technology from Amazon, Apple (AAPL) and possibly others could pose a long-term threat, analysts say. Google was asked about voice-based search on its Q4 earnings call on Jan. 26. Google CEO Sundar Pichai said: "On voice search, we are really excited about it. You know, I think it's a very natural way for users to interact. We think it will be one mode. Users will have many different ways by which they interact with computing. And for voice, you know, as you pointed out, we expect voice to work across many different contexts." "So we are thinking about it across phones, homes, TVs, cars, and, you know, trying to drive that ecosystem that way," Pichai added. "And we want Google to be there for users when they need it. And even with Google Home, we just launched it in Q4. We had a very strong quarter there. And, you know, we are going to invest a lot in it over 2017." Alphabet shares ended the day down 0.3% to 837.32 on the stock market today, while Amazon stock was up 0.8% to 842.70. Alphabet and Amazon last month hit buy points at 824.40 and 821.75, respectively, but the moves have been a bit shaky. RELATED: No Need To Ask Jeeves When You Can Ask Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google Amazon Analysts Turn Sour Following Q4 Results Below Views REINHARDT KRAUSE | Facebook | @IBD_RKrause Share this: Related news Fidelity managers made a 53% net addition to their share count in aerospace and defense contractor Northrop Grumman. (Northrop Grumman) Did Fidelity's Q4 Stock Buys And Sells Affect Your Retirement Account? 2/15/2017 Want Fidelity Investments' world-class research resources to work for your retirement accounts and your taxable portfolios? Here's how. 2/15/2017 Want Fidelity Investments' world-class research resources to work for your... Shopify Q4 Earnings, Q1 Revenue Guidance Beat, Shares Up Facebook Push Into Video Allows Time To Catch Up On AI Applications Soros Goes For Facebook, Appaloosa Cuts Apple; Airlines Popular Amazon, P&G, Humana Get Price-Target Hikes; Under Armour Cut Again How Mayhem, Drama Can Help The American Mall Cheat Death Set Your Phone On 'Facebook Mode'? Videos Will Autoplay With Sound Shopify Receives Price-Target Boost Ahead Of Q4 Earnings Mattel, Alibaba Team Up To Tackle China Toy Market Today's Spotlight New IBD App Download our new free iOS and Android App! It’s a faster, cleaner, and mobile optimized experience. MarketSmith Premium Get on the fast track to New Year profits with a MarketSmith trial. Free IBD Trading Summits Attend a Summit in Long Island (2/25) or Cupertino (3/4) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! More News Fidelity managers made a 53% net addition to their share count in aerospace and defense contractor Northrop Grumman. (Northrop Grumman) Did Fidelity's Q4 Stock Buys And Sells Affect Your Retirement Account? Apple's CFO said the tech titan would likely use tax reform to repatriate cash for shareholder returns, not U.S. investments. (Apple) Sorry Trump: Apple Plans To Use Tax Cuts To Return Capital, Not Create Jobs Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report (JStone/Shutterstock) Donald Trump News & Tweets: ObamaCare, Immigration, Trade, Economy Track Trump's latest moves and tweets. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Skip to content Search Menu Comic Library Contribute Podcasts Advertising About Us Contact Search Search Menu Comic Library Contribute Podcasts Advertising About Us Contact Search Case Study: "Zero Downtime: How These Six Companies Achieved It" Read how these six organizations ­­– Circlum Farma, oXya, Nimble Group, Burton Corporation, Baldor Electric, Business Connection –– successfully minimize or eliminate server downtime with SUSE solutions. Contact us for more information on listing your whitepaper, case study or report. DOWNLOAD Cloud Competition Keeps Us On Our Toes February 15, 2017February 15, 2017 by Jennifer Klostermann 28shares Cloud Competition A recent study predicts the global cloud computing market will grow at a CAGR of approximately 27.5% in the next ten years, hitting around $1,250 billion by 2025. Unsurprising, perhaps, considering the continued increase of cloud computing applications and solutions, but a phenomenal expansion nonetheless. And this year we’re seeing a number of the tech giants building on their strengths while simultaneously fighting to the fore in categories where they lag. It’s going to be an exciting few years for the users of cloud, provided with a dizzying array of creative and constructive new solutions, and an aggressive battle for the win played out by industry leaders, agile minors, and feisty newcomers. Google’s Cloud Spanner Though Google trails Amazon Web Services and Microsoft Azure in the cloud market, the company has been assertively pushing new capabilities and services to grow its market share of late. The most recent provision, Cloud Spanner, has Gartner research director, Nick Heudecker, predicting a major market win that will leave the competition in the dust. Says Heudecker, “Cloud Spanner is not just software. It is the union of software, hardware — in the form of atomic clocks in Google’s data centers — and an incredibly robust network connecting their data centers together. So it’s not just writing code. It’s a lot of investment and a lot of operational expertise that Google excels at.” Cloud Spanner offers Google’s database services in a public cloud product, a fully managed database that’s said to deliver both traditional database consistency and NoSQL database scalability and performance. Instead of choosing one or the other, sacrificing either scalability or consistency, Cloud Spanner promises the best of both worlds, supplied as a fully managed service. Heudecker believes financial services and advertisers, among others, will likely benefit from the product, but remarks that the necessity to port existing applications may prove difficult. Oracle Goes Down Under Another giant looking to improve their cloud market position, Oracle will likely soon disclose a critical investment in Australia, establishing their cloud platform and infrastructure service. Currently selling cloud-based software products in the market, users will no longer have to rely on overseas hosting. A sizeable investment, but necessary, according to Oracle Australia and New Zealand managing director Rob Willis. “If you are going to open up something like this you have to get to a certain point and that investment is huge. You have to secure the facility, then you have to ship in a whole bunch of hardware and people to put it all together before loading in all the software and making it work. So it is a huge investment, but we have found elsewhere that what we get back from making that investment is worth it.” Currently, Australia boasts the likes of leading Amazon Web Service and Microsoft cloud ventures, and in September Google’s Compute offering is scheduled to launch in Sydney. Willis notes that while some Oracle customers are not yet willing to move to the cloud, most have been waiting for just this opportunity. Moreover, their software as a service model is enlarging their market share through pay for usage models that open up services to customers both large and small. Says Willis, “One of the most exciting things about the cloud is that it meets the typical requirements of our large customers, but also generates interest from smaller and medium-sized companies, who want the benefits of enterprise-style infrastructure.” Along with these developments, rumours abound of Windows 10 Cloud, potentially simplifying user experiences and more effectively taking on the Chromebook market. And Amazon Web Services is entering the cloud communication and collaboration market with the launch of Amazon Chime, it’s new service developed to battle applications such as Skype for Business, WebEx, and GoToMeeting. It seems no one is satisfied with holding position, a sure advantage to users gleefully enjoying service advances, application innovations, and cost improvements. By Jennifer Klostermann Author About Jennifer Klostermann Jennifer Klostermann is an experienced writer with a Bachelor of Arts degree majoring in writing and performance arts. She has studied further in both the design and mechanical engineering fields, and worked in a variety of areas including market research, business and IT management, and engineering. An avid technophile, Jen is intrigued by all the latest innovations and trending advances, and is happiest immersed in technology. Categories Cloud Computing, Security Post navigation Intel Security Mends Cybersecurity Fragmentation with Unifying Strategy Cisco earnings: Will big bets on software pay off? Cisco earnings: Will big bets on software pay off? When Cisco Systems Inc. reports earnings Wednesday, the big question will be if the networking giant’s repeated gambles on software can reverse a yearlong sales slide, or at least point to a reversal of that trend in the future. Cisco CSCO, +1.06%  is scheduled to report fiscal second-quarter earnings less than a month after announcing its latest multibillion-dollar software acquisition, ... Read More Intel Security Mends Cybersecurity Fragmentation with Unifying Strategy Offering Integrated and Automated Solutions, Expansive Partner Ecosystem, Advanced Architecture with Cross-Industry Collaboration SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 14, 2017 – Today Intel Security outlined a new, unifying approach for the cybersecurity industry that strives to eliminate fragmentation through updated integrated solutions, new cross-industry partnerships and product integrations within the Intel Security Innovation Alliance and Cyber Threat Alliance (CTA). “Transforming isolated technologies ... Read More Juniper Research: Mobile Operators Eye $85 Billion Service Opportunities Over Next 5 Years IoT Enablement, Analytics Offer Strong Monetisation Opportunities HAMPSHIRE, UNITED KINGDOM--(Marketwired - February 13, 2017) - A new study from Juniper Research has calculated that mobile network operators can realise an additional $85 billion in revenues over the next five years through the deployment and enhancement of non-core services including Big Data analytics and IoT (Internet of Things) enablement. Operators "Can ... Read More Intel Announces $7 Billion Arizona Based Semiconductor Factory Intel Corp (INTC.O) chose the Oval Office as its backdrop to announce a $7 billion investment in a new Arizona semiconductor factory, a plant it said would create 3,000 new jobs when it is up and running. Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich announced the investment to reporters while standing behind President Donald Trump, a signal of how corporate America ... Read More Cloud Security Alliance and Securing Smart Cities Release Municipal Drone Best Practices Securing Smart Cities SEATTLE, Feb. 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Cloud Security Alliance (CSA), the world's leading organization dedicated to defining and raising awareness of best practices to help ensure a secure cloud computing environment, together with Securing Smart Cities, a not-for-profit global initiative that aims to solve the existing and future cyber security problems of smart cities, today announced the ... Read More Contributors How Formal Verification Can Thwart Change-Induced Network Outages and Breaches How Formal Verification Can Thwart  Breaches Formal verification is not a new concept. In a nutshell, the process uses sophisticated ... Read More Data Breaches: Incident Response Planning – Part 1 Incident Response Planning - Part 1 The topic of cybersecurity has become part of the boardroom agendas in the last ... Read More The Importance of Cloud Backups: Guarding Your Data Against Hackers The Importance of Cloud Backups Cloud platforms have become a necessary part of modern business with the benefits far outweighing ... Read More Why Security Practitioners Need To Apply The 80-20 Rules To Data Security The 80-20 Rule For Security Practitioners  Everyday we learn about yet another egregious data security breach, exposure of customer data or ... Read More Protecting Devices From Data Breach: Identity of Things (IDoT) How to Identify and Authenticate in the Expanding IoT Ecosystem It is a necessity to protect IoT devices and their ... Read More Recent State of the Cloud Report In 2017 Cloud Report 2017 As the definitive guide to the biggest trends in the cloud industry, this year’s “State of the ... Read More Safeguarding Data When Employees Leave The Company Safeguarding Data Employee turnover is unavoidable. According to CompData Consulting, the average employee turnover rate in 2015 in the US ... Read More Tips to Help You Get the Most Out of Big Data Analytics Get the Most Out of Big Data Analytics The amount and type of data related companies continues to increase each ... Read More Autonomous Self Driving Car Leaders Reveal Why Drivers Revert To Manual Autonomous cars Autonomous cars covered over 640,000 test miles on Californian roads in 2015. Eleven developers released car testing reports ... Read More Moore’s Law and Quantum Computing Quantum Computing 1971 saw the release of the world’s first commercially available microprocessor – Intel’s 4004. In the years that ... Read More Popular The Rise Of BI Data And How To Use It Effectively The Rise of BI Data Every few years, a new concept or technological development is introduced that drastically improves the ... Read More Lavabit, Edward Snowden and the Legal Battle For Privacy The Legal Battle For Privacy In early June 2013, Edward Snowden made headlines around the world when he leaked information ... Read More Infographic: The Evolving Internet of Things Evolving Internet of Things  The Internet of Things, or IoT, a term devised in 1999 by British entrepreneur Kevin Ashton, ... Read More Protecting Devices From Data Breach: Identity of Things (IDoT) How to Identify and Authenticate in the Expanding IoT Ecosystem It is a necessity to protect IoT devices and their ... Read More Teach Yourself The Cloud: Cloud Computing Knowledge In 5 Easy Steps Teach Yourself The Cloud Learn how to get to grips with cloud computing in business  Struggling to get your head ... Read More Big Data and Financial Services – Security Threat or Massive Opportunity? Big Data and Financial Services Cloud Banking Insights Series focuses on big data in the financial services industry and whether ... Read More 5 Ways The Internet of Things Will Drive Cloud Growth 5 Ways The Internet of Things Will Drive Cloud Growth The Internet of Things is the latest term to describe ... Read More Cloud Computing – The Good and the Bad The Cloud Movement Like it or not, cloud computing permeates many aspects of our lives, and it’s going to be ... Read More CURATED LIST - Tweaks, Tools & Resources Threat Cloud Kaspersky Cybermap Digital Attack Map Threatbutt Fire Eye HaveIbeenpwned Hackaday Hackerone Downdetector Gtmetrix Pingdom Tools Pagespeed Insights Bandwidthplace Teardown ifixit Instructables Builtwith Userbenchmark CPU World Compressor.io Mashape ProgrammableWeb Mashery Angel.io Alternative To Crunchbase Webhostinggeeks Statista Searchcode Nerdy Data Freecodecamp Dirtymarkup Codewars About Us Established in 2009, CloudTweaks has grown to become an industry-leading authority in cloud-connected information technology resources. We provide news, thought leadership pieces, podcasts and our own unique brand of tech related comics.... Stay connected and subscribe to our newsletter for weekly updates... AI Big Data Cloud Computing Fintech Internet of Things Infosec Martech Email Us Copyright © 2017 · CloudTweaks - contact (@) cloudtweaks.com
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Tech Voice calls may be coming to the Amazon Echo and Google Home New, 8 comments Landlines forever by Micah Singleton@MicahSingleton Feb 15, 2017, 10:28am EST share tweet Linkedin Amazon and Google are considering bringing voice calls to their respective smart home speakers, according to a report from The Wall Street Journal. The feature could be rolled out to Amazon Echo and Google Home speakers as soon as this year, but both companies have concerns about privacy, emergency services, and regulatory hurdles. There’s also the fact that you would only make calls over speakerphone, which could limit the usefulness of the feature for some users. Theoretically it would be easier for Google to get a phone service up and running on the Home, given that it’s been operating Google Voice for seven years and launched Project Fi back in 2015, while Amazon has to start from scratch to get its phone service up and running. According to the Journal, Amazon is considering a number of different options, including syncing to the user’s existing phone number, call forwarding, or the Echo getting its own phone number. Switching between your phone and the speaker when you leave the room or house is also an issue that reportedly needs to be ironed out. Given the numerous hurdles, it seems like it will be a while before you’re ordering takeout over your Google Home speaker, but it is the next logical step for both companies. The landline isn’t dead yet. Next Up In Circuit Breaker Huawei will have its own voice assistant in China ZTE is coming out with a gigabit phone at Mobile World Congress McDonald’s over-engineered the straw so you can drink your Shamrock Shake I've been doing Windows screenshots wrong this whole time The Growler Chill looks like a smarter way to drink beer at home Everything we know about Moto's upcoming G5 and G5 Plus Now Trending I've been doing Windows screenshots wrong this whole time Exclusive: The Caavo streaming box is built on game-changing machine vision for TV Nokia’s legendary 3310 rumored to return at MWC This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Circuit Breaker Google Mobile Huawei will have its own voice assistant in China by Vlad Savov@vladsavov Fresh off integrating Amazon's Alexa in the Huawei Mate 9, the world's third biggest smartphone manufacturer is now also working on crafting its own voice assistant, specifically tailored for China. A report from Bloomberg has illuminated some of... New, 0 comments Circuit Breaker Mobile Tech ZTE is coming out with a gigabit phone at Mobile World Congress by Rich McCormick It might not be time for proper 5G devices just yet, but ZTE is bringing us a step closer, announcing today that it will show off one of the first gigabit LTE smartphones at Mobile World Congress this month. Called — fittingly — the ZTE Gigabit... New, 2 comments Science Space Rocket Lab’s experimental rocket arrives at New Zealand launch pad for debut flight by Loren Grush@lorengrush After three years of developing a brand new rocket, aerospace startup Rocket Lab has finally transported a finished vehicle to the New Zealand launch pad where it will take its first flight. The rocket, called the Electron, has been tested on the... New, 2 comments Web Culture Reddit overhauls its front page for new users and lurkers by Rich McCormick Reddit — the self-described “front page of the internet” — has changed its front page. Rather than the top stories from 50 curated subreddits, visitors to the site will now see popular stories from across the site, on a new homepage the company... New, 3 comments Apple Tech Apple may replace the home button with a ‘function area’ on the next iPhone by Jordan Golson@jlgolson The next iPhone could see the elimination of the Home button and Touch ID sensor in favor of an edge-to-edge design and “virtual buttons” at the bottom of the screen. The rumors come from the well-sourced Ming-Chi Kuo, an analyst for KGI, via M... New, 28 comments US & World Tech Cybersecurity New bill would require cops to get warrants for Stingray cell tracking by Natt Garun@nattgarun A bipartisan group of House and Senate lawmakers today introduced a bill that would require US police agencies to obtain a warrant before deploying cell-site simulation surveillance devices known as “stingrays,” reports USA Today. Stingrays are... New, 2 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Feb 16, 4:20 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Android Wear 2.0 Uber App Download: Google Keeps Promise Of Bringing Ride-Hailing Service To Smartwatch OS By Corazon Victorino On 02/15/17 AT 10:14 AM Close There’s good news and there’s very good news — the kind that arrives when all hope is lost. The latter is what Google fans are getting this Wednesday because the Mountain View giant just added the overdue support for Uber on the Android Wear smartwatch OS.  According to Android Police, Uber is now available on Google’s Android Wear OS. This is music to the ears of fans who waited for the ride-hailing service to come to the smartwatch OS. It can be noted that Google promised to bring Uber to Android Wear during its I/O 2015 event 21 months ago. The almost two years waiting period may have irked some Android fans. To appease them, Google did not wait for its I/O 2017 event — scheduled to happen from May 17 through 19 — just to break the very good news.  The Uber app for Google’s smartwatch OS is a standalone app. This means it can work on its own without the need of a tethered smartphone. Since this isn’t a companion app, users can request rides directly from the smartwatch because all pertinent features and data are found on the Android Wear app. Users can check prices and ETAs and even bookmark destinations without having to use a phone. Even the car model and the plate number of the Uber ride are displayed on the Uber app’s interface.  Related Stories Report: Uber Drivers Getting Robbed And Killed, Company Slow To React Uber Sues Seattle For Letting Drivers Unionize Android Wear 2.0 Brings In New Features Unfortunately, the arrival of Uber onto the smartwatch operating system cannot be considered as good news by many Android consumers as of late. Apparently, Google decided that the ride-hailing service should only be exclusive to Android Wear 2.0, as per Phone Arena. This means all timepieces running Android Wear will not have support for the Uber app. For those that will be updated to Android Wear 2.0 in the future, they will eventually get the chance to support the app. For users with devices stuck with Android Wear, this is already a sign that they need to upgrade.  Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch users can now download the Uber app directly from the Play Store on their device. This gives Uber an advantage over its competitor, Lyft. The latter’s Android Wear app was removed from the Play Store way before Android Wear 2.0 was launched. It isn’t clear if the app will be revived anytime soon, but it’s possible that Lyft could also be working on a standalone app for the new Google smartwatch OS.   Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business FBI Releases Documents In Trump Housing Discrimination Probe The document dump under the Freedom of Information Act came the same day the president railed against leaks to the media. Technology 5 Smartphone Trends For 2017 The technology is expected to go through major hardware innovations this year. World US, South Korea To Discuss North Korea Nuclear Weapons Program The meeting in Germany comes just days after North Korea's testing of an intermediate-range ballistic missile, which Pyongyang claims is capable of carrying a nuclear warhead. National Restaurants Show Solidarity With ‘Day Without Immigrants’ The grassroots campaign against President Donald Trump's policies has called on foreign-born people in the country to not work or spend money to demonstrate their importance. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google is turning a key technology into a weapon in its cloud war with Amazon and Microsoft Matt Weinberger Feb. 14, 2017, 12:00 PM 12,002 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google cloud boss Diane Greene Google Back in 2012, Google unveiled Spanner — a globe-spanning database technology, the first of its kind, designed to keep the search advertising giant's massive online operations in sync all over the world.  Nowadays, Spanner is the database behind Google services like Gmail, Google Photos, and AdWords. But getting Spanner off the ground over the course of five years required Google to rethink how it built systems. The most dramatic example is "TrueTime," a system for making sure that every single one of its massive data centers had the exact same time on its clocks, down to the picosecond, so that data flows in and out of Spanner in the right order. To get TrueTime running, Google had to build antennae on top of every one of its 15 data centers, so multiple GPS satellites could cross-check the time with each other. Now, for the first time ever, Google is opening Spanner up to the outside world with Cloud Spanner, the newest arrow in Google Cloud's quiver as it takes aim at the $10 billion Amazon Web Services juggernaut, and the fast-growing Microsoft Azure cloud. Google Cloud customers can now basically rent out Spanner for their own apps and services, using the same technology that Google uses in-house. "CloudSpanner is literally a unique service," says Google Cloud Lead Product Manager for Databases Dominic Preuss. "There is literally no other way to do this." Database wars Like Oracle, MySQL, IBM DB2, or any number of other database software products, Cloud Spanner uses the SQL language for "querying," or getting information from, the system. That means it's a familiar experience for anybody coming from those kinds of databases, which would be most customers.  But like newer kinds of databases, including trendy systems like the Facebook-created Cassandra, it's designed to handle massive amounts of information. One of Google's famous data centers. Google And, even for those customers that don't necessarily need their databases to hold that much data, Cloud Spanner is still hosted from those very same Google Cloud data centers, hardened against hardware failure, cyberattack, and everything in between. From Preuss' perspective, that alone is a huge selling point: Google handles the hard part, including operating the servers; you just reap the benefits of their tech. The competitive edge Google really believes that Cloud Spanner is a better way of building databases, as proven by its own usage — "just because we're different doesn't make us a [fragile] snowflake," jokes Cloud Spanner Product Manager Deepti Srivastava. Still, it requires some retooling and some effort to make Cloud Spanner work with existing apps, and Srivastava acknowledges that not every customer will want to (or be able to) put in the effort to move their stuff over. For those customers, Google offers Cloud SQL, a product that's much more like traditional database software. Oracle founder Larry Ellison Business Insider In the bigger picture, Srivastava says that with today's news, Google Cloud is a "one-stop" data shop: Cloud SQL for traditional customers; Cloud Spanner for the adventurous and those building new apps; and the BigQuery data analysis engine for actually working with the data stored therein. In a competitive sense, Oracle, Amazon, and Microsoft all specifically pitch their cloud computing platforms as the best place to run databases — with Oracle's cloud optimized for Oracle databases and Microsoft's optimized for its own database products.  But Preuss would point out that none of them have Google's experience with dealing with massive amounts of data, at huge scales, and working with them in real time.  "Google at its core is a data company," says Preuss. Get the latest Google stock price here. SEE ALSO: Snap will pay Google at least $400 million a year for the next 5 years NOW WATCH: Here’s how the top Silicon Valley companies are responding to Trump’s immigration ban Loading video... More: Google Google Cloud Cloud Computing facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google is turning a key technology into a weapon in its cloud war with Amazon and Microsoft Google is turning a key technology into a weapon in its cloud war with Amazon and Microsoft Back in 2012, Google unveiled Spanner — a... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured How this astronaut overcame failure and rejection to land his dream job More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Enterprise Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Navigation gHacks Technology News The independent technology news blog Home Header Menu Home Windows Software Firefox Chrome Google Android Email Deals Best of Support Us Return to Content Local CDN for Chrome By Martin Brinkmann on February 15, 2017 in Google Chrome - Last Update:February 15, 2017 1 Local CDN is a browser extension for the Google Chrome browser that will load certain libraries from the local system instead of content distribution networks. The extension is a fork of the Decentraleyes add-on that is only available for Firefox, and brings the add-ons functionality to Chrome and Chromium-based browsers. If you monitor network traffic when you connect to sites, for instance by opening the networking tab of the browser's Developer tools, you may notice that a lot of sites load libraries. Some load them from the local server, while others may load them from popular content distribution networks, for instance Google's or CloudFlare's. Local CDN for Chrome Local CDN ships with local copies of these libraries. It redirects requests to the local copies whenever a site tries to load one of these matching libraries. The core benefits for the user are twofold. First, loading libraries from the local system is always faster than loading it from a remote host. Second, a connection to the remote host is not made, which means that your device's IP address does not end up in the log file of said site. Local CDN adds an icon to Chrome's toolbar that indicates the number of libraries that it redirected to local files. You can verify this by opening the Network tab in Chrome, and looking for resources with the status code 307 internal redirect under headers. The following hostnames are supported by the current version of the extension: ajax.googleapis.com ajax.aspnetcdn.com ajax.microsoft.com cdnjs.cloudflare.com code.jquery.com cdn.jsdelivr.net yastatic.net yandex.st libs.baidu.com lib.sinaapp.com upcdn.b0.upaiyun.com Only supported libraries are redirected. The developer states that "almost all versions" of the following libraries are supported: angular backbone dojo ember extCore jQuery jQueryUI modernizr mootools prototypeJS scriptaculous swfobject underscore webfont For the extension to do anything, it is therefore required that a site loads one of the supported libraries from one of the supported hostnames. If it does not do one or the other, libraries won't be loaded from the local system. Local CDN resolves one of the gripes that I had with Decentraleyes for Firefox. It highlights if resources are replaced with local copies, whereas the Firefox add-on did not do that back then when I reviewed it. The extension is as limited as the Firefox add-on when it comes to flexibility. It is not possible to add your own CDN servers to the list for instance, or configure the extension to load these libraries even if they are not loaded from a CDN but the site in question directly. Closing Words Local CDN is a useful extension for Chrome that improves privacy and also speed when supported libraries are loaded from hostnames that it supports. It is likely that it works in other Chromium based browsers as well, and maybe even in Firefox. That has not been tested however. Now You: Feel free to share your experience using the extension in the comment section below Summary Author Rating 3 based on 3 votes Software Name Local CDN Software Category Browser Landing Page https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/local-cdn/dgfedofdiaapcideaajjaklpmdpcdapg Please share this article About Martin Brinkmann Martin Brinkmann is a journalist from Germany who founded Ghacks Technology News Back in 2005. He is passionate about all things tech and knows the Internet and computers like the back of his hand.You can follow Martin on Facebook, Twitter or Google+ View all posts by Martin Brinkmann → You are here: Home > Google Chrome > Local CDN for Chrome How to force Flash updates in Chrome Cliqz acquires Ghostery Responses to Local CDN for Chrome Ken February 15, 2017 at 11:02 pm # Hi Martin. Long time user of DecentralEyes here. Another benefit not mentioned: user is not vulnerable to attack from a Man-in-the-middle serving malicious script when scripts are loaded over non-secure pages (eg: attacker poisoned your DNS cache so your browser resolves whatever.cdn.com/file.js to a malicious file) One note of correction: on Firefox, although DecentralEyes doesn't make its redirection obvious in the UI (the author said he would but hasn't yet), the extension does add a note to the source script. If you use dev tools to view the source for a locally loaded script, you will see a note from the extension above the script. Finally, one limitation you mentioned was that the script is not locally loaded unless the original URL is one of the supported domains. This makes sense (at least until sub-resource-integrity checks become standard) because the extension has no way to know that a file of the same name but from a different URL is in fact the same script as from the supported URL Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment Your Name Your E-mail (will not be published) Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Subscribe / Connect   Ghacks Technology Newsletter   Ghacks Daily Newsletter Advertisement Advertisement Recent Updates Free CD Burning Software Firefox privacy and security preferences Firefox 51.0.3 for Android Pale Moon 27.1.0 Thunderbird 45.7.1 released Windows 10 Privacy Software The best Chrome extensions The best Firefox addons Use a RAM disk for SSDs Firefox 51.0.1 Random Software Review Snippage: Display Website Contents On The Computer Desktop Topics Apple Development Facebook Games Ghacks Hardware Internet Internet Explorer Linux Microsoft Mobile Computing Music And Video Networks Opera Security Tutorials Partner Sites Advertisement About Ghacks Ghacks is a technology news blog that was founded in 2005 by Martin Brinkmann. It has since then become one of the most popular tech news sites on the Internet with five authors and regular contributions from freelance writers. Information About Contact Disclaimer Rss Feeds Privacy Policy We Use Authors Martin Brinkmann Alan Buckingham Kevin Dearing © 2017 gHacks Technology News. All Rights Reserved.
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login LG explains why the G6 has a big 'FullVision' display Analyst rumor: iPhone 8 'function area' to replace home button BlackBerry's share of the smartphone market is virtually zero Latest in Gear LG explains why the G6 has a big 'FullVision' display 3h ago View Analyst rumor: iPhone 8 'function area' to replace home button 5h ago View BlackBerry's share of the smartphone market is virtually zero 5h ago View Republicans hope to overturn internet privacy rules 8h ago View Image credit: save Save share Google Assistant can share your personal info in Allo chats You can let it exchange appointments, contacts and more. Steve Dent, @stevetdent 19h ago in Mobile Comments 351 Shares Share Tweet Share Save For now, Allo is the one place where regular Android users can get a taste of Google Assistant, the AI helper that's otherwise reserved for Google's own Pixel phones. You can call on it during a chat with one or more folks, and it can do a search, set reminders and even tell a joke. Google has just given it a new trick that should make it more useful -- letting you share contacts, calendar appointments and other personal info. To use it, you just type "@google," and then tap the assistant when it pops up. You can then ask for a meeting date or airline reservation, for instance, and it will privately show you any of the information that it can find. From there, you can tap "share now" to show the info to other parties in the Allo chat. That makes it easy to quickly give pals a contact number without having to look it up, for instance. Or, if you're trying to coordinate a work trip, you can have Google Assistant give your hotel reservations to colleagues during a chat. Google Hangouts, the predecessor to Allo (and still the preferred chat app of many Google users), has had similar capabilities for a few years now -- it'll even listen in to conversations and let you share your location if someone asks where you are. Facebook recently launched similar capabilities for its "M" Messenger AI assistant, too. It's debatable whether they'll make you more productive, but Google needs to draw interest to Allo however it can. Via: Android Police Source: Google In this article: Allo, Chat, gear, google, GoogleAssistant, mobile, Pixel, services, SMS 351 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 20m 20m ago in Business 'EverQuest' co-creator joins Amazon Games Studio in San Diego John Smedley will lead a team in AGS' new Southern California offices. By D. Lumb,  20m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in Internet Reddit mixes up its front page with new 'r/Popular' subreddit Hopefully, posts from outsider communities will more easily rise to the top. By D. Lumb,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Art Pixar opens a free Khan Academy course on storytelling It's the latest installment in a series of free courses from the studio. By M. Moon,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Mobile LG explains why the G6 has a big 'FullVision' display Spoiler: It's for multitasking. By R. Lawler,  3h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in Mobile Analyst rumor: iPhone 8 'function area' to replace home button Its 5.8-inch OLED screen is said to have a usable display of about 5.15-inches. By R. Lawler,  5h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Enable Instant Apps on Android Nougat Cory Gunther02/14/2017 Back at Google IO in 2016 Google announced Android 7.0 Nougat and a new feature called Instant Apps. Which allows our smartphones and tablets to use and enjoy apps without actually installing them. After a short wait some users are finally seeing this capability. In this guide we’ll explain how to enable Android Instant Apps on Nougat. Advertisement The idea behind this is simple. Users are able to temporarily install and use Android apps right from a web search or shared link, without ever downloading the application. Read: Android Nougat vs Android 6.0 Marshmallow: What’s New Giving us full access to an apps beautiful design, interface, performance and more without requiring the user to install it. This isn’t a web-optimized version of the app, but a full broken-down experience with the tap of a button. Google showcased Android Instant Apps up on stage, but confirmed it wasn’t coming until sometime in 2017 with Android 7.0 Nougat. Well, now that many are running Android 7.1.2 Nougat and such, this feature is starting to appear in search results. Advertisement Popular apps like Wish, the shopping application, have already started taking advantage of Instant apps. We can search for something to buy, use the Wish app and make a purchase all in seconds using their nicely designed app. The phone installs what it needs, then discards it when you’re done. This is the evolution of Android and how we use applications. Instead of filling up our phone and storage with apps, everything happens on the fly. If you’ve been excited about this hot new feature, below are the steps to enable it on select Nexus smartphones or tablets, as well as the Google Pixel and Pixel XL. How To Enable Android Instant Apps Until just recently, this feature was in the testing phase by Google with users left out of the fun. However, now we’re seeing select apps like Wish and potentially others already offering it. Google showcased it on Wish, BuzzFeed, Viki or even Periscope. This should work on most smartphones or tablets that run Android 7.0 Nougat. Not just Nexus or Pixel phones. Or it will soon. All you need to do is enable Android Instant Apps in settings under the Google tab, and browse the web. Advertisement Instructions Open “Settings” and find the “Google” Settings tab In Google settings scroll down and select “Instant Apps” Switch the tab to On to enable, and agree to the terms In Google Search look for Wish or BuzzFeed Other Details Our image above shows you exactly what to look for, where it is, and what to expect. Once owners head into Google and enable Instant Apps you’re all set. Now it’s just a matter of finding an app that has Instant Apps built-in, that will work as advertised. Wish appears to be the first one, but many more will be available in the coming weeks. If not already. We just need to find them. Go ahead and search for something, like Wish, and one of the many search results will have “launch instantly” under the icon. Instead of being directed to the Google Play Store, downloading an app and waiting for it to install, it just automatically adds parts of the app to our smartphone temporarily. It gives you the choice to launch Instant Apps, or browse the web version instead. Users can browse the store as if the app is installed, and it even uses Google’s secure payment system and everything. Find what you want, buy it and that’s it. Now the app will be removed from our temporary storage like nothing ever happened. Saving both time and space. Advertisement Popular shopping or news based websites and apps will be first to take advantage of this, but we can expect to see many more soon. It will be interesting to see the different ways companies take advantage of Android Instant Apps. Or how they’ll be able to see an installed user base, if the app is being uninstalled after use. Give it a try today and enjoy. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 3 Reasons Not to Install Galaxy S7 Nougat & 5 Reasons You Should 02/07/2017 4 Reasons Not to Install iOS 10.2.1 & 6 Reasons You Should 02/01/2017
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Web / Internet Life > Google News FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! UK Wants Google to Fight Piracy, Even If It Takes Creating New Laws to Do It GO Unless Google follows through with putting in code to diminish piracy, a law will force it to do it anyway Feb 15, 2017 14:35 GMT  ·  By Gabriela Vatu  ·  Share:  The United Kingdom is planning to make Google comply to its anti-piracy rulebook even if the company doesn't want it, by setting down laws.  It seems that removing millions upon millions of links from its search results and doing backflips to accommodate copyright holders isn't enough, as lawmakers plan to make sure Google does their bidding with or without its express will. Last week, news came that Google, alongside other search engines, and copyright holders had reached somewhat of a decision that they would roll out a new set of coding rules on their platforms in order to prevent piracy as best as possible. In the event of Google and the other backing down from this decision, an amendment to the Digital Economy Bill will make sure to impose it anyway. So far, everyone's hope has been that the government would stay out of this fight between search engines, which merely provide a way for people to find things on the Internet, and copyright holders, which seem to believe Google is the Internet itself. Following last week's announcement, however, that hope flew out the window as Baroness Buscombe revealed that Intellectual Property Office officials chaired a round-table meeting between search engines and representatives of the creative industry. "While there are still elements of detail to be settled, the group is now agreed on the key content of the code and I expect an agreement to be reached very soon," Buscombe said on the matter. The amendment that gives the govt power over Google The "Code of practice on search engines and copyright infringement," however, is the backup in case the agreement falls. This is an amendment to the Digital Economy Bill and gives the Secretary of State the power to step in and force companies such as Google to comply with whatever they want. "The Secretary of State may impose by order a code of practice for search engine providers with the purpose of minimizing the availability and promotion of copyright infringing services, including those which facilitate copyright infringement by their users," reads the amendment. This type of action has no precedent and it would give the government incredible power over companies such as Google. #Google#piracy#Digital Economy Bill subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news YouTube Red Drops PewDiePie's Show, Pulls Chanel from Google Ad Program Following Pirate Bay Blockade, ISPs Fear This Is Just the Beginning Google Chrome Found to Infringe on Malware Patents, Ordered to Pay $20 Million Oracle's Row with Google over Java Gets Revived by New Appeal Yahoo Notifies Users of More Malicious Activity Apple’s iPhone 8 to Ditch Home Button in Favor of Virtual Capacitive Buttons No New Windows 10 Cumulative Updates Coming This Month After All Apple Edges Out Samsung to Become Top Global Smartphone Vendor in Q4 Yahoo Notifies Users of More Malicious Activity Apple Files Patent for Manual Winding Mechanism for Apple Watch Microsoft Promises It Will Update Windows 10 Mobile Beyond Redstone 2 Apple’s iPhone 8 to Ditch Home Button in Favor of Virtual Capacitive Buttons    Google may have to do the British govt's bidding Related Apps Paradox Converter: Convert Paradox database files into XLS, XML, CSV, TXT, HTML, RTF, SQL and other formats by turning to this lightweight application Diplomat Cloud Storage Community Edition: Set up automated file transfers between a local network and various cloud storage services, using OpenPGP encryption, with this powerful software solution Tampermonkey: A simple to use extension that offers you a comprehensive environment in which you can create and install user scripts for Chrome MessageSave: Quickly backup, organize and save all your Outlook messages by relying on this user-friendly, unobtrusive and smoothly integrated addin Traffic Travis: SEO software for website promotion with modules for viewing the webpage rankings, analyzing the keyword relevance and finding competitors Thunderbird: Comprehensive e-mail client that lets you chat with other people and supports extensions, multiple tabs, and security features (e.g. signature, certificate, encryption etc.) Google Chrome: A web browser that combines a minimal design with sophisticated technology for delivering streamlined and secure browsing sessions Reader comments YouTube Red Drops PewDiePie's Show, Pulls Chanel from Google Ad Program more on: PewDiePie i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Business newsletter!   Sign me up for the Daily Brief, too. Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site February 16, 2017 Huffpost Canada Business ca Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Region: ALL Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get Canada BusinessNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Liberal MP Accuses Tories Of Laughing At Amarjeet Sohi's Past Career As Bus Driver 0 M-103: Liberal Government Will Support Iqra Khalid's Motion Condemning Islamophobia 0 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business Cineplex Mulls Streaming Original Movies As Attendance Drops 6 Vancouver's Average House Price Drops By Nearly One-Fifth 0 Toronto Has A Housing Bubble, BMO Says, So Let's 'Drop The Pretense' 9 Google, Facebook Canadian Divisions Oppose 'Punitive' Media Tax Proposal 7 Jeff Wheeldon: Trump's Anti-Immigrant Stance Could Give Canada's Economy An Edge 1 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost How The British Royals Spent Super Bowl Sunday 0 French Presidential Candidate Suggests Beleaguered U.S. Researchers Could Work In France 0 Frank Pasquale: From Holocaust Denial To Hitler Admiration, Google's Algorithm Is Dangerous 0 As Trump Eases Russian Sanctions, Norway Reveals A Kremlin Cyberattack 0 Avalanche Kills At Least 50 In Afghanistan, Buries Village In Snow 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Parents Need To Ditch The Parenting Books And Trust Their Gut 0 William Shatner Helps Boy With Autism Find 'Star Wars' Kraft Dinner 0 Olivia Wilde Melts Hearts On Valentine's Day With Sweet Snaps Of Kids 0 Chemo Drug Used To Treat Hodgkin's Lymphoma May Boost Fertility In Women 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living Stuart McLean Dies, But His 'Vinyl Cafe' Stories Will Keep Canadians Laughing 0 Stuart McLean, CBC Radio Host Of 'The Vinyl Cafe,' Dead At 68 25 Grammys President Says Award Show Doesn't Have A 'Race Problem At All' 0 South Koreans Share Their Thoughts On Black People In Eye-Opening Video 6 Asthma Sufferers Have A Hard Time Having Sex: Survey 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style Katy Perry Loves Hillary Clinton So Much She Named A Shoe After Her 1 Vogue's Diversity Issue Features A White Model Wearing Yellowface 0 Haircuts 2017: The 7 Hottest Chops To Try This Year 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Alec Baldwin's Donald Trump Takes His Grievances To 'The People's Court' On 'SNL' 0 Kate McKinnon Plays Jeff Sessions On 'SNL' Because She Can Be Literally Anyone 0 Think Leslie Jones Can't Play Donald Trump? You're Wrong, Bigly. 0 Meryl Streep Addresses Donald Trump's 'Over-Rated' Tweet In Moving Speech 0 Singer Al Jarreau Dead At 76 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts Bold Nude Photos Celebrate The 'Fat Love' Affairs That Go Unnoticed 0 Oprah's HBO Film Will Finally Tell The Story Of Henrietta Lacks 0 Image Of Naked Putin Fondling Pregnant Trump Haunts New Yorkers On Valentine's Day 0 Photos Capture The Scrutiny And Harassment Young Women Face Just Being In Public 0 To Protest Trump's Travel Ban, Museum Will Temporarily Remove All Work By Immigrant Artists 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta Douglas Garland Trial: Triple-Murder Suspect Did Time For Drug Trafficking 0 'This Is Not A Passport Photo' Project Creates New Memories For Syrian Refugees 0 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Usha Ram, B.C. Burger King Employee Fired For Taking 50 Cents Of Food, Awarded $46K 20 Magnetic Drug Implant From UBC Could Revolutionize How Drugs Are Delivered 0 Spencer Chandra Herbert, Husband Welcome Baby Boy 224 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Business Working Poor Joint Venture The Home Stretch Business Videos Calgary Triple-Murder Suspect Used Fake Name, Trafficked Drugs ► Oh Nothing, Just A Herd Of Caribou Licking Salt Off A Highway 'Vinyl Cafe' Stories That Showcase Stuart McLean's Talents MP Accuses Tories Of Laughing At Minister's Past Job Driving Bus CBC Radio Host Stuart McLean Dead At 68 Burger King Worker Fired Over 50 Cents Of Food Wins $46K In Court Cineplex Mulls Streaming Original Movies As Attendance Drops Leave It To This Maritimer To Plow Snow In A Bikini Parents Today Are, Well, Overparenting William Shatner Helps Boy With Autism Find 'Star Wars' Kraft Dinner Alberta Photographer Takes Family Photos For Refugees Who Lost It All Liberals Back Motion Condemning Islamophobia, Despite Tory Concerns Magnetic Drug Implant Erases All Your Pill-Swallowing Fears Vancouver's Average House Price Drops By Nearly One-Fifth For 1st Time, A Canadian Bank Admits Toronto Has A Housing Bubble Previous Story Next Story Google, Facebook Canadian Divisions Oppose 'Punitive' Media Tax Proposal CP  |  By Terry Pedwell, The Canadian Press Posted: 02/15/2017 9:11 am EST Updated: 02/15/2017 9:11 am EST Share Tweet 0 Email Comment tumblr stumble reddit ADVERTISEMENT OTTAWA — Proposals for tax changes aimed at helping Canadian publishers fight for revenues with online news aggregators would result in a punitive "tax on advertisers,'' executives from Google Canada and Facebook Canada told a Commons committee studying the country's media industry. That's because tax laws currently on the books designed to prop up the industry are archaic and simply don't apply to the Internet age, Jason Kee, Google Canada's head of policy and government relations, told the heritage committee Tuesday. Kee said he had concerns over how such changes would be implemented. "Long story short, it's essentially a tax on Canadian advertisers,'' he said. Imposing a tax on Netflix and other streaming services is one idea to come out of a consultation held by Heritage Minister Melanie Joly. (Photo: The Associated Press) A report commissioned by the Department of Heritage and unveiled late last month called on Ottawa to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market and use the new revenue stream to establish an independent, publicly subsidized journalism fund. The independent think-tank Public Policy Forum recommended that advertising with foreign-owned websites no longer be deductible under the federal Income Tax Act. The report, authored by former journalist Edward Greenspon, said that, by extending a 10 per cent withholding tax to commercials and advertising carried by foreign digital media, the government could create a new revenue stream of up to $400 million annually. But Kee said that assumes a direct relationship between an advertiser and a publisher that doesn't actually exist in the digital world, but which does for traditional media under a policy dating from the 1960s. "So as a result, a change in tax treatment could actually be punitive and there may not actually be an alternative (way to advertise),'' he said. Finance Minister Bill Morneau's department says applying the GST to Netflix is not in the works. (Photo: The Canadian Press) Facebook Canada's Kevin Chan added that the committee should be asking Canadian advertisers what they think of the tax change proposal, suggesting they might shed more light on how the potential changes would affect them. The appearance by representatives of the social media aggregators was the first since both firms pledged to roll out tools in Canada designed to crack down on so-called "fake news.'' Both Facebook and Google said they planned to unveil those tools in Canada soon — as they have already in the United States and elsewhere — to help users discern between credible news and what they term "misrepresentative content.'' Chan told the committee the tools will be introduced slowly and will at first be "narrow in scope'' over concerns that legitimate news might be deemed ``fake news'' after being flagged by users who simply might not agree with a story, even if it's accurate. Heritage Minister Melanie Joly told media representatives that Canadians don't want to see their Internet bills go up. (Photo: The Canadian Press/Mario Beauregard) Heritage Minister Melanie Joly held consultations last fall where media industry representatives argued in favour of an Internet tax or at least a sales tax on streamed digital content to help pay for Canadian content. While Joly has insisted there would be "no Netflix'' tax under the Liberal government, she has deferred questions about a potential sales tax to the Finance Department. But a spokesperson for Finance Minister Bill Morneau said last month that expanding the Goods and Services Tax to Netflix was not in the works. Foreign-based streaming services are technically subject to sales tax on their Canadian sales, but no system has ever been established to collect the tax. Revenue for Canadian news content providers, including traditional media, has dwindled as advertising dollars shift to online news aggregator services. Pollster Allan Gregg at Earnscliffe Strategy Group, has said Canadians have enjoyed faster access to more content than ever before, thanks to the Internet, and don't see a crisis in the news business. A majority of those he has polled are dead-set against taxpayers propping up the industry, Gregg added. Joly told the Canadian Media Producers Association earlier this month that Canadians she has heard from want all media providers to be treated equally, but they don't want to see their Internet bills go up. "We have to bear in mind that Canadians are anxious about their cost of living,'' Joly said. Joly has promised to unveil a cultural strategy this year aimed in part at bolstering job growth in Canada's cultural sector, with an emphasis on cultural exports. The minister is also expected to announce soon the results of her wide-ranging review of Canada's media and cultural industries. Joly's office has called the shifts in news revenue streams "significant,'' and said the government hopes its Canadian content consultations can help it assess how to best support the production of local, credible and reliable news and information. The heritage committee is expected to report to Parliament by spring. Also on HuffPost: Close  Who's Got The Highest Taxes? of   Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 7% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: 0 Source: OECD. *Numbers represent average tax burden for a single, childless worker earning the average wage. Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 16.9% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -0.1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 19.2% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +3.7% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 20.7% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: 0 Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 21.4% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +1.3% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 22% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -0.1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 26.6% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.8% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 27.4% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 31.1% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.7% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 31.3% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.8% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 31.5% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -1.1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 31.6% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +1.4% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 33.4% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: 0 Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 35.6% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +1.4% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 36.9% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -1.2% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 37% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +2.7% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 37.3% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: 0 Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 38.2% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -0.1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 38.6% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.7% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 39.9% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -0.2% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 40.7% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 41.1% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +3.2% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 41.1% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +4% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 41.6% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +1.5% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 42.3% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -0.2% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 42.4% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.3% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 42.9% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 43.1% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.8% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 47.8% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.6% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 48.9% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -1% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 49% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +2.4% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 49.1% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.9% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 49.3% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: +0.2% Source: OECD Total tax wedge as % of labour cost: 55.8% Change in taxes, 2010-2013: -0.1% Source: OECD  Share  Tweet  ✖ Advertisement Share this ✖ close Current Slide More: google internet tax internet tax internet tax canada facebook internet tax melanie joly canadian content Jason Kee Facebook Canada Google Canada business video Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Business Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Business Twitter HuffPost Follow Business Follow Google Plus HuffPost Business RSS The Huffington Post Business All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HuffPost Business Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis site in the world. Subscribe today! The future is now. About About Our Team CleanTechnica Comment Policy Use Of Our Content Important Media Network Important Media Jobs Contact Us Sponsor A Post Buy Banner Ad Space Local Solar Discounts Electric Car Reviews Audi A3 e-tron Review BMW i3 Review BMW i3 vs Mercedes B-Class Electric BMW i3 vs Nissan LEAF vs Chevy Volt BMW i3 vs Tesla Model S 70D BMW i8 vs Tesla Model S vs Cadillac ELR vs Porsche Panamera S E-Hybrid vs BMW i3 Chevy Spark EV Review 2016 Chevy Volt Review Chevy Volt Cost of Ownership Review Fiat 500e Review Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV Review Nissan LEAF Long-Term Review Renault Twizy Review Renault Zoe Review Smart Electric Drive Review Smart Electric Drive vs Camaro Tesla Model S Long-Term Review Tesla Model S P85D Review Tesla Model X Review #1, by Zach Tesla Model X Review #2, by Kyle Volkswagen e-Golf Review Volkswagen e-Up! Review Volvo XC90 T8 Review Exclusives All Exclusives CleanTechnica Reports CleanTechnica Reviews CleanTechnica Videos CleanTechnica Events Cleantech Talk (Our Podcast) Long-Term Nissan LEAF Review Long-Term Tesla Model S Review 70-Page Electric Car Report (Free!) Power Solar Energy News Local Solar Discounts How To Go Solar About Solar Energy Wind Energy News About Wind Energy Energy Efficiency Lighting LED Energy Storage Smart Grid Geothermal Energy Hydroelectricy Marine Energy Biomass Transport Electric Vehicles Electric Vehicle News Electric Cars For Sale In 2016 (US) Electric Cars Are Greener Tesla Motors Bicycles Benefits Of Bicycling Biofuels Cars Boats Mass Transit / Public Transit Trains / Rail Aviation Shipping Surprise! Search → NavigationCleanTechnica StoreGo Solar!Electric CarsSolar Power100% Renewable Energy?RSSSponsor A PostAdvertise Autonomous Vehicles Published on February 15th, 2017 | by James Ayre 0 Google’s Unusual Compensation May Have Stunted Its Self-Driving Car Project February 15th, 2017 by James Ayre  One factor that led to Google’s self-driving car project bleeding so much talent over just a few years may have been its “unusual” compensation system and it’s excessively high payouts to some employees (“Fu** you money”), according to a new article published by Bloomberg. The spectacle of Google’s self-driving car effort (now known as Waymo) losing so many top employees over the past few years has been hard to figure out (excepting the fact that Apple’s car project seemed to be having even more problems). This is especially the case when one considers that the company’s program had seemingly been making good progress and was/is something of a leader in the field. The explanation put forward in the recent Bloomberg article seems to do a good job of explaining the situation, though — Google simply put too much money on the table, and utilized a compensation system that was (seemingly) not well thought out. Here are some of the most interesting parts of the article: “Early staffers had an unusual compensation system that awarded supersized payouts based on the project’s value. By late 2015, the numbers were so big that several veteran members didn’t need the job security anymore, making them more open to other opportunities, according to people familiar with the situation. Two people called it ‘F-you money.’ …  “The unorthodox system started in 2010, soon after Google unveiled its first self-driving vehicle. It was constructed to tie employees’ fortunes to the performance of the project, rather than Google’s advertising money machine. In addition to cash salaries, some staffers were given bonuses and equity in the business and these awards were set aside in a special entity. After several years, Google applied a multiplier to the value of the awards and paid some or all of it out. The multiplier was based on periodic valuations of the division, the people said. “The precise metrics that the division was measured by — and caused the bonuses to balloon — are not known. But by 2015, the Google car project had come a long way: Google’s vehicles had logged more than one million autonomous miles; car companies including Toyota Motor Corporation and Tesla Inc announced their own plans to develop autonomous systems; and analysts predicted the technology would transform the auto industry. “A large multiplier was applied to the compensation packages in late 2015, resulting in multi-million dollar payments in some cases, according to the people familiar with the situation. One member of the team had a multiplier of 16 applied to bonuses and equity amassed over 4 years, one of the people said. They asked not to be identified talking about private matters.” “Part of the problem was that payouts snowballed after key milestones were reached, even though the ultimate goal of the project — fully autonomous vehicles provided to the public through commercial services — remained years away.” While exact figures aren’t publicly available, the Chief Financial Officer for Alphabet, Ruth Porat, did note during an earnings call in early 2016 that operating expenses during Quarter 4 2015 increased 14%, to $6.6 billion. This increase was apparently “primarily driven by R&D expense, particularly affected by expenses resulting from project milestones in Other Bets established several years ago.” That is apparently a reference to the self-driving car project, as confirmed by unnamed sources who spoke to the authors of the new article. As you may recall, some notable leaders in the self-driving car project left in 2016, with reports claiming a mixture of reasons — desire to do their own thing as well as unhappiness with the new division leadership. “The big payouts exacerbated the situation because team members had less financial incentive to stay, the people familiar with the situation said.” Examples of these departures include: Chris Urmson (behind the new startup Aurora Innovation); the people behind the self-driving semi-truck startup Otto; and Bryan Salesky (one of the founders of Argo AI). Notably, the writers of the Bloomberg article weren’t able to get a comment on the matter from Sebastian Thrun — the initiator of the firm’s car project, and one of those who apparently designed the pay system. Buy a cool T-shirt or mug in the CleanTechnica store!   Keep up to date with all the hottest cleantech news by subscribing to our (free) cleantech daily newsletter or weekly newsletter, or keep an eye on sector-specific news by getting our (also free) solar energy newsletter, electric vehicle newsletter, or wind energy newsletter. Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Tags: Alphabet, Google, google self driving cars, Google self-driving car, Waymo About the Author James Ayre 's background is predominantly in geopolitics and history, but he has an obsessive interest in pretty much everything. After an early life spent in the Imperial Free City of Dortmund, James followed the river Ruhr to Cofbuokheim, where he attended the University of Astnide. And where he also briefly considered entering the coal mining business. He currently writes for a living, on a broad variety of subjects, ranging from science, to politics, to military history, to renewable energy. You can follow his work on Google+. Related Posts Waze Carpool Rollout Accelerating (+ 3 New Partners Announced) → Newest Disengagement Report Shows That Waymo’s (Google’s) Self-Driving Tech Improved Considerably In 2016 → Alphabet (Google Parent Company) Selling Terra Bella Satellite Business → Google’s Chilean Data Center Receiving Power From South America’s Largest Solar Project → Back to Top ↑ ▲ 188 ... Followers Follow ▲ 314 ... Fans Like ▲ 66 ... Subscribers Subscribe ... Fans Follow ... Fan Love Advertisement Click here to sponsor CleanTechnica. Bring your brand to millions of readers every month. Advertisement Top Stories On CleanTechnica SolPad Releases Pricing & Pre-Order Info For Mobile Solar + Storage Product India Officially Doubles Its Solar Parks Target To 40 Gigawatts US Solar Grows 95% In 2016 In Record-Breaking Year The Lucid Motors Air Is Amazing! (Original Review & Pics & Video — Part 1) Electric Vehicle Battery Prices Are Falling Faster Than Expected Urea May Be Key To Affordable Grid-Scale Batteries Advertisement CleanTechnica T-Shirts! 30 Electric Car Benefits 10 Top Solar Facts Cost of Solar Panels Wind & Solar Prices Beat Fossils Advantages of Solar Power 7 Reasons Why Solar & Wind Win 50 Tips For Trolling EVs 44 Tips For Trolling Solar CleanTechnica Answer Box 47 Top CleanTechnica Interviews Our Electric Car Reviews Tesla Model 3 FAQ … Answered! CleanTechnica Electric Car Report Email Address Join The Solar Revolution! Search the IM Network CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis website in the US & the world, focusing primarily on electric cars, solar energy, wind energy, & energy storage. It is part of Important Media -- a network of 20 progressive blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries. Follow @cleantechnica © 2016   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. CleanTechnica Store Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Sponsor A Post Advertise Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BOTS How Google’s chief doodler is shaping Google Assistant’s personality Khari Johnson@kharijohnson February 15, 2017 6:25 AM Tags: BotBeat Weekly, bots, chatbots, Google, Google Assistant, Google doodles, Google Home, intelligent assistant, personality, Ryan Germick, top-stories Above: Doodle shared on Google Nov. 1, 2014, the 86th anniversary of radio calisthenics broadcast in Japan Image Credit: Google Google Assistant can schedule appointments, control your home, and tell you why the sky is blue, but thanks to a small band of creative types — its personality team — it can also be a game show host, a fortune teller, or a sports fan. The personality team behind Google Assistant decides what it replies if you ask “What’s your favorite color?” or “Who are you rooting for in the Super Bowl?” The team is tasked with the creation of the personality of Google Assistant, what CEO Sundar Pichai said he wants to be your personal guide in the age of artificial intelligence. Members of the personality team come from Pixar, The Onion, and other creative companies. For the better part of the last decade, Google Assistant personality team director Ryan Germick has been chief doodler at Google, making drawings, games, and other content for Google’s front page. “If someone wants to have a conversation that’s not just about information needs, it’s about social niceties or chit-chat or telling a joke or having a little bit of fun,” Germick said, “the type of things that build a relationship with a person that are in some ways emotional than informational, that’s my team’s department.” Germick’s work building a personality for Google Assistant started two years ago when he began collaborating with the Google search team in Switzerland. “We were determined to find out who was Google’s personality, like if you’re talking to Google, who are you talking to? And so we try to distill that down into simple principles as a guiding light for who the Google Assistant would be,” he said. The Google Assistant personality team does things like teach Google Assistant to sing to you on Valentine’s Day or suggest New Year’s resolutions. They also created Lucky Trivia and Lucky Sports Trivia, multiplayer game shows hosted by Google Assistant. In the game she — Google Assistant has a woman’s voice, Germick noted — may tease you or give you a nickname. Germick and his team sought to make a personality that’s friendly, inclusive, and sort of like a quirky, nerdy librarian to the world’s most famous search bar. “We don’t want to lose our quirk. I think it’s important for us to have a little bit of weirdness. I think that’s a little bit of individuality. We don’t want to be bland,” he explained. When thinking about how the personality of visual Google Doodles translates to the personality of the voice of Google Assistant, Germick gives three examples: The cultural sensitivity to feature the 86th anniversary of Japanese radio calisthenics, the nerdy homage to Alan Turing’s 100th birthday, and the just-for-the-fun-of-it game to fight ghosts on Halloween last year. Doodles helped prepare the creation of Google Assistant because many of the more than 400 doodles made last year were for countries outside the United States. Since its launch last Fall, Google Assistant in the Allo chat app has already expanded to German, Japanese, Hindi, and Brazilian Portuguese. It may seem odd for software driven by powerful tech like artificial intelligence to crack jokes or convey empathy, but people buy devices for more than playing music or checking the weather. Some develop relationships with these devices, betraying a human tendency to anthropomorphize objects. Google isn’t the only one to recognize this. It’s why Alexa picked a Super Bowl winner, and may be why Mark Zuckerberg said that shortly after he gave his intelligent assistant a voice he had an impulse to give it a sense of humor. There was even talk last year (along with multiple stories in the press) about giving Google Assistant a childhood backstory. That hasn’t happened yet. “I don’t think anytime soon we’ll be doing [anything] like the prequel years, where you find out what preschool was like, but I do think it’s important to think about what goes into that character and what makes them who they are,” Germick said. Whether based on personality or any other reason, adoption is key in the increasingly competitive chat wars being waged between Amazon, Google, Microsoft, and Samsung. According to the 2017 Voice Report from Google Assistant partner VoiceLabs, about nine in 10 people are unwilling to purchase a new device after buying either an Amazon Echo or Google Home, suggesting that people are extremely loyal to the one they own, and winner takes all. Not every Google Assistant personality trait is promoted. As with Alexa, some Google Assistant personality features are instead intended to be discovered. One collection of little-known Google Assistant Easter eggs: “There’s tons of movie references and nerd references, like if you want to talk about Star Trek or Game of Thrones or Star Wars, or whatever, chances are there’s something there for you,” he said. Google Assistant is a rough draft, a work in progress, like the rest of the intelligent assistant industry, Germick said, but it does have some guiding principles, one of which is to be always there but never in the way. That means understanding when it’s a bad idea to demonstrate Google’s playful personality. “If you were shopping online for caskets, that’s not the time to be goofy, but it is a time to be about empathy, and to respond in a way that’s emotionally sensitive to the user,” Germick said. “If there’s anything our philosophy rallies around it’s just having a humanist perspective and thinking how can I help a person right now? Sometimes jokes are the way and sometimes it means shutting up and getting out of the way is the way.” Making sure that Google Assistant stays out of your way in sensitive moments or when you’re just trying to find the nearest sandwich shop means practicing what Germick calls “empathetic design.” “I think as much as we can bring humanity and a creative human touch into our products, the more we can do to make technology a warmer place, and that’s deeply important to me and part of what makes the Google Assistant such a fun product to work on, because there’s such an opportunity for that.” ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. STRATEGY How to Get the Press Coverage You Deserve, Even if Your Industry Isn't Sexy Nicole Hamilton, an expert in consumer home financing products, shares her tips on how to find and leverage the right reporters for your company. By Springboard Enterprises Springboard Enterprises is where influencers, investors, and innovators meet to build great women-led businesses. Our 642 women-led companies have raised $7.4 billion, including 14 IPOs. Springboard is a nonprofit 501c3 organization based in the U.S. but acting globally to accelerate women entrepreneurs' access to growth capital. @SpringboardEnt @SpringboardEnt WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement It can be frustrating to read about other companies getting coverage for their me-too dating apps when you developed a cutting edge method for synthesizing DNA or effectively blocking cyber threats for corporations, and can't get anyone to take notice. When I started Tactile Finance, a company that made software for banks to be able to explain tricky loans to their clients, like adjustable rates and fee structures, we followed the standard advice - compiling lists of reporters, writing snappy emails with clear messaging... and came up virtually empty. Sure, you can get your niche industry press to take notice that your customers may be reading, like CIO Magazine or CEP Magazine, with just standard email outreach. But what if you want to get published in the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, or any number of publications that have press in the millions instead of thousands, and immediately boost your credibility? I want to share with you what worked for us in a tragically unsexy field - mortgage origination - and what can work for you, too, whether you sell legal technology, biometric software, or what have you. Here it is, step by step. 1. Find the Few Specialized Reporters Who Speak Your Language There are probably fewer than 10 reporters who understand your subject matter and write about it for mainstream press. You need to find them. Go to every mainstream press site, search for keywords related to the product you make and problem you solve, and sort from most recent. Take the most relevant articles and, on a spreadsheet, enter reporters name, date, title, link to article, and email address. You'll want to keep this well organized as this is gold for you. Method for finding emails: Google "@[publication url].[suffix]" [Firstname] [Lastname]. If the reporters email doesn't come up, you'll likely find some that hint at the email format for names. 2. Automate Alerts for Relevant News Coverage Set up Google Alerts for keywords related to both what your product does and also the problem you are solving. (Caution: Google Alerts will send you many low quality publications so it's important to first search major publications as mentioned above or else it will take too long to build a list.) When Google alerts pulls up something relevant, add it to the list you created in #1 in the same format. 3. Engage These Reporters with Your Unique Expertise Read your Google Alerts every day. If you see an article that is highly relevant to your business from a top publication, send the reporter a personal email saying what you liked about their article and offer a piece of helpful industry knowledge that you have. Remember, you are the expert! If you have built innovative technology in your industry, you have a lot to offer a reporter writing about your industry. Good things to send are industry data, trends, ideas for articles, and your own company data on the subject. Then, say "If you ever need expertise on this subject, I am particularly knowledgeable about x, y, z and would be happy to share what I know, either credited or uncredited." Offer your help. A genuinely helpful email in this format will return a response almost 100% of the time. The next time you are at a conference, or talking with competitors, or customers, or partners, think about the unique insights that you can send to these top reporters. Make an effort to reach out and share. Next time you have a major announcement, you'll likely have their ear, instead of tuning it out as just one of the hundreds of emails they get every week. The best part of this strategy? You are developing deep, real, and reciprocal relationships. And, you are finding the best reporters who understand your industry and conversing with them is incredibly gratifying on its own. Getting press from knowledgeable reporters who really know your industry is the absolute best kind of press. Try it! Let me know how it works for you. Nicole Hamilton is an expert in consumer home financing products. Her site, Homeownering.com, provides independent and unbiased homeownership advice and resources for female homeowners. Sign up to receive Homeownering's free updates here. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Feb 15, 2017 Advertisement
Mashable We're using cookies to improve your experience. Click Here to find out more. Mashable Mashable Asia Mashable Australia Mashable France Mashable India Mashable UK Sign in Like Follow Follow Mashable see more  > Search Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop More Channels Videos Social Media Tech Business Entertainment World Lifestyle Watercooler Shop Company About Us Licensing & Reprints Archive Mashable Careers Contact Contact Us Submit News Advertise Advertise Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Apps iPhone / iPad Android Resources Subscriptions Sites Mashable Shop Job Board Social Good Summit Tech Like Follow Follow Google Arts and Culture now loaded with decades of awesome U.S. history 586 Shares Share Tweet Share What's This? Lyndon B Johnson's dogs, Him & Her Image: FRANCIS MILLER/LIFE PHOTO COLLECTION By Anisa Purbasari2017-02-15 14:00:00 UTC This Presidents' Day, you can take a step back in time and learn about our former Commanders-in-Chief thanks to a handy new feature from Google. Google Arts and Culture has partnered with institutions, libraries and museums across the United States to deliver presidential media directly on our screens. Some of the displays are definitely catered to the history buffs, like an exhibit of significant events in the path toward American democracy. But other sections can be enjoyed by casual observers, like the gallery of presidential pets.  Did you know that Theodore Roosevelt kept a lion cub, a bear, an antelope, a wallaby and a bobcat in the White House, alongside dogs and cats? Neither did we.  SEE ALSO: National Geographic's 'Origins' is like 'Cosmos' but about the nature of human civilization Other gems that you can view include the Bush family's favorite taco recipe, handwritten by Barbara Bush (hint: it contains Doritos) and also a walk through of Thomas Jefferson's life from boyhood to manhood. There are 360-degree videos scattered throughout the exhibits, including the Air Force Pavilion at the Ronald Reagan Library.  Speaking of 360 videos, the Google Arts and Culture app (available on iOS and Android) also lets you take virtual tours of sites like Mount Rushmore and the Lincoln Memorial, so you can feel free to nerd out from the comfort of your desk or couch.  Whatever your views are on the political state of the country, checking out these displays might give you a dose of inspiration and perspective. At the very least, you can appreciate the cuteness of furry creatures who used to reside in the White House.  BONUS: Doggy tour bus shows adventurous pups the sights of London Topics: Arts, Google, History, lives, pets, Photography, Politics, Election 2016, Tech, U.S. About Us Jobs Advertise Subscribe Privacy Terms Mashable is a global, multi-platform media and entertainment company. Powered by its own proprietary technology, Mashable is the go-to source for tech, digital culture and entertainment content for its dedicated and influential audience around the globe. ©2005-2017 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved. Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory
Yorkshire North West West Midlands East Midlands Regional Business Information for the West Midlands Contact Us Cookie Policy Send Us Your News About Us Promote Your Business Events YourNews Supplements Autumn Statement 2016 Submit search form Business and people search Profiles Deals Property International Trade People SME Manufacturing Financial Services Lifestyle Business Bytes Archive Home / News  /  The answer from Google's CEO to a job-hunting 7 year old The answer from Google's CEO to a job-hunting 7 year old Google chief executive Sundar Pichai Maurizio Pesce / Creative Commons 2.0 15th February 2017 Bethan Tolley Business Reporter Google chief executive Sundar Pichai has written to a Hereford school girl to tell her that she could one day work for the global technology giant. 7-year-old Chloe Bridgewater wrote a letter earlier this month telling the Google boss that she would like to work at the company when she is older as she loves computers and is an excellent student. Google CEO Sundar Pichai responded to Chloe's letter within a week, thanking her for getting in touch and giving her advice. In the reply, he said: "Thank you so much for y... for the full story register now for free or login below... Login to Read this Story Your Email: Your Password: Remember me Previous Article Next Article Latest Business News Software supplier secures major public sector contract 16/02/2017Duncan Tift Lapdancing club wins licensing battle 16/02/2017Duncan Tift The answer from Google's CEO to a job-hunting 7 year old 15/02/2017Bethan Tolley Business Bytes People: The Works; Curium; National Grid 16/02/2017Alex Turner Tata Steel workers back pension cuts to secure jobs 16/02/2017Duncan Tift Enter your company into the West Midlands Business Masters 16/02/2017 Competition authority to examine Heineken's Punch takeover 16/02/2017Alex Turner How to never offend your colleagues 15/02/2017Bethan Tolley Business Bytes West Midland food firms out to show the French their je ne sais quoi 16/02/2017Duncan Tift Mutuals have a key role to play in region says Mayoral candidate 16/02/2017Duncan Tift Popular restaurant invests £100,000 in makeover and menu 16/02/2017Duncan Tift Chilled food boss prepares for big freeze with polar expedition 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Coach firm rolls into new premises after funding deal 15/02/2017Duncan Tift LDC chills out with £6.5m investment in travel agency 15/02/2017Duncan Tift West Midlands sees big Q4 unemployment rise 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Severe delays on M5 motorway in both directions 15/02/2017Alex Turner How to not let stress eat up your calories at work 15/02/2017Stephanie Balloo Business Bytes Pre-pack deal behind £227m property sale 15/02/2017Alex Turner Midlands leads UK for industrial and logistics take-up 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Naismiths takes a Bath with new contract 15/02/2017Duncan Tift New move takes the cake for Black Country bakery 15/02/2017Duncan Tift The 10 success factors behind FTSE 100 bosses 14/02/2017Bethan Tolley Business Bytes Innovation hub proposal for university campus 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Contractor announced for Two Chamberlain Square 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Training firm targets growth with move to new premises 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Planners set to consider Birmingham's Axis redevelopment 15/02/2017Duncan Tift 7 ways to stay positive at work 10/02/2017Bethan Tolley Business Bytes Budget supermarket set to be loser in Birmingham store wars 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Prologis to start building after deal for Birmingham International site 15/02/2017Alex Turner Private equity firm swoops for health company 15/02/2017Rachel Covill Dramatic Q3 profit decline for Jaguar Land Rover 15/02/2017Duncan Tift 5 quirky ideas to boost staff productivity 08/02/2017Stephanie Balloo Business Bytes West Midlands CBI reveals new vice chairman 15/02/2017Duncan Tift HSBC names first chief executive of ring-fenced bank 15/02/2017Alex Turner Lighting firm set to shine after acquisition 15/02/2017Duncan Tift Lapdancing club faces stiff opposition to licence renewal 15/02/2017Duncan Tift How to appear confident even when youre not 10/02/2017Bethan Tolley Business Bytes The growth of the esports gaming phenomenon 15/02/2017 Aston Villa pulls out of city centre shop 14/02/2017Duncan Tift Read More News Please enable JavaScript to view the comments.   Login Register Now For Free! Remember me Forgotten Password? TheBusinessDesk is a trading name of Regional Media Services Ltd. A company registered in the UK, company number : 07111349 VAT Number : 124302954 Yorkshire Business News | Sitemap | Accessibility | Privacy | T & C | 2 Close
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Google Samsung Google being investigated for anti-competitive practice against Samsung FTC in South Korea is looking to ascertain whether Google obstructed Samsung's development of its own OS. By Sarmistha Acharya February 15, 2017 14:05 GMT Google faces investigation over anti-competitive practice against SamsungReuters/Morris Mac Matzen The Fair Trade Commission (FTC) in South Korea is investigating Google to ascertain whether it obstructed Samsung's development of its own operating system platform, a new report suggests. This is not the first time that anti-trust charges have been levelled against the California-headquartered company. In 2016 the Russian government fined the firm $6.7m (£5.4m) for competition violation. "We are currently checking if Google thwarted competition in the OS market," an FTC official told the Korean Times. Android's market share accounted for more than 80% of South Korea's mobile market as of January 2017. Responding to the allegations, a Google spokesperson in Korea said, "Android is an open source platform. Our partner agreements are entirely voluntary – anyone can use Android without Google." "The Android OS can be downloaded for free. It can be modified and used to build a phone. Many companies have used Android's source code as the starting point for their own operating systems," the spokesperson noted. In 2011 Google and Samsung had entered the Mobile Application Distribution Agreement (Mada) that required Android devices to come pre-loaded with default Google search engine and other services like YouTube and Gmail on the home screen. The duo even reached an anti-fragmentation agreement (AFA) under which Samsung was not allowed to develop a new OS based on Google's algorithms. Back then, search engines such as Naver and Daum had complained about Mada. The FTC investigated Google Korea to check if it had violated antitrust laws. But in 2013, the antitrust body found that market shares of the companies were not affected. In May 2016, the FTC launched its investigation into the AFA and found that Google could be obstructing Samsung's OS development. The FTC is reviewing the need to reinvestigate the 2013 case. "As lawmakers have demanded a reinvestigation of the case, the FTC is checking whether it is possible to do so," the FTC official said. More from IBTimes UK Apple, Facebook and Amazon primed for PSD2 demolition of the card networks Google scales heights with Valentine's Day doodle of the pangolin Google warns suspected Russian state-sponsored hackers may be targeting prominent journalists Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close One billion Yahoo user accounts hacked Columnists Matthew Carr “400 years ago Spain forcibly converted Muslims to Christianity – then expelled them. Have we learned nothing? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Huawei P10 to come in three attention-grabbing colours including green, gold and blue Leaked images show Huawei's flagship phone rocking some bold new... Microsoft teases Xbox Project Scorpio reveal at E3 2017 press conference 'Brace for big news,' the company teased in a tweet. Fancy Bear: Leaked Google report shows how much the tech giant knows about Russian hackers The report allegedly reveals that Google was aware of Fancy Bear much... Yahoo warns users of potential malicious activity on accounts between 2015 and 2016 Yahoo said hackers used forged cookies to gain illegal access to... Republicans want to know why EPA employees are using encrypted chat apps The party is worried the conversations run afoul of federal... Yahoo Verizon deal to see $250-$350m discount – report Verizon may reportedly close the Yahoo deal by the end of February. Amnesty International exposes mysterious espionage scheme against journalists and activists Meet 'Safeena Malik', the fake persona at the heart of a cyber... Sony patents wireless PlayStation VR system with HTC Vive-like room tracking PS4-powered virtual reality headset could ditch wires and expanded... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 Breaking News US used depleted uranium in airstrikes against Isis in Syria About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Facebook Twitter G+ Site search Subscribe Login February 16, 2017 Ottawa -6°C Complete weather forecast Don't miss your latest complete newspaper edition. CLICK TO READ Home Local Technology Real Estate Canada - World Opinion Other Sponsored Content Social Events Subscribers Magazines Ottawa Business Journal> Canada - World Google, Facebook argue against 'punitive' Canadian tax proposal The Canadian Press ~ OBJ Published on February 15, 2017 Share 0 0 Comment Send to a friend Print Send to a friend Send this article to a friend. Name* Email* Your name* Your email* Comments Submit Proposals for tax changes aimed at helping Canadian publishers fight for revenues with online news aggregators would result in a punitive "tax on advertisers," executives from Google Canada and Facebook Canada told a Commons committee studying the country's media industry. For illustrative purposes only. That's because tax laws currently on the books designed to prop up the industry are archaic and simply don't apply to the Internet age, Jason Kee, Google Canada's head of policy and government relations, told the heritage committee Tuesday. Kee said he had concerns over how such changes would be implemented. "Long story short, it's essentially a tax on Canadian advertisers," he said. A report commissioned by the Department of Heritage and unveiled late last month called on the Liberal government to consider changing tax laws to favour Canadian news publishers in the digital advertising market and use the new revenue stream to establish an independent, publicly subsidized journalism fund. The independent think-tank Public Policy Forum recommended that advertising with foreign-owned websites no longer be deductible under the federal Income Tax Act. The report, authored by former journalist Edward Greenspon, said that, by extending a 10 per cent withholding tax to commercials and advertising carried by foreign digital media, the government could create a new revenue stream of up to $400 million annually. But Kee said that assumes a direct relationship between an advertiser and a publisher that doesn't actually exist in the digital world, but which does for traditional media under a policy dating from the 1960s. "So as a result, a change in tax treatment could actually be punitive and there may not actually be an alternative (way to advertise)," he said. Facebook Canada's Kevin Chan added that the committee should be asking Canadian advertisers what they think of the tax change proposal, suggesting they might shed more light on how the potential changes would affect them. The appearance by representatives of the social media aggregators was the first since both firms pledged to roll out tools in Canada designed to crack down on so-called "fake news." Both Facebook and Google said they planned to unveil those tools in Canada soon – as they have already in the United States and elsewhere – to help users discern between credible news and what they term "misrepresentative content." Chan told the committee the tools will be introduced slowly and will at first be "narrow in scope" over concerns that legitimate news might be deemed "fake news" after being flagged by users who simply might not agree with a story, even if it's accurate. Heritage Minister Melanie Joly held consultations last fall where media industry representatives argued in favour of an Internet tax or at least a sales tax on streamed digital content to help pay for Canadian content. While Joly has insisted there would be "no Netflix" tax under the Liberal government, she has deferred questions about a potential sales tax to the Finance Department. But a spokesperson for Finance Minister Bill Morneau said last month that expanding the Goods and Services Tax to Netflix was not in the works. Foreign-based streaming services are technically subject to sales tax on their Canadian sales, but no system has ever been established to collect the tax. Revenue for Canadian news content providers, including traditional media, has dwindled as advertising dollars shift to online news aggregator services. Pollster Allan Gregg at Earnscliffe Strategy Group, has said Canadians have enjoyed faster access to more content than ever before, thanks to the Internet, and don't see a crisis in the news business. A majority of those he has polled are dead-set against taxpayers propping up the industry, Gregg added. Joly told the Canadian Media Producers Association earlier this month that Canadians she has heard from want all media providers to be treated equally, but they don't want to see their Internet bills go up. "We have to bear in mind that Canadians are anxious about their cost of living," Joly said. Joly has promised to unveil a cultural strategy this year aimed in part at bolstering job growth in Canada's cultural sector, with an emphasis on cultural exports. The minister is also expected to announce soon the results of her wide-ranging review of Canada's media and cultural industries. Joly's office has called the shifts in news revenue streams "significant," and said the government hopes its Canadian content consultations can help it assess how to best support the production of local, credible and reliable news and information. The heritage committee is expected to report to Parliament by spring. Organizations: Google, Department of Heritage, Public Policy Forum Finance Department Earnscliffe Strategy Group Canadian Media Producers Association Geographic location: Canada, United States For illustrative purposes only. 1 2 3 4 5 Thanks for voting! Top of page Comments Comments Your name* Email* Comment* Advertising More Forty Under 40 Nominations OBJToday Email Newsletter Networking Breakfasts Upcoming Events Market Leaders Book of Lists databases Advertise With Us Small Business School Videos OBJ Outdoor Box Locations Advertising Advertising Case studies & videos Best Offices Ottawa 2017: Brad McAnnich One Young World 2016 - Get Involved Ottawa Tourism Hydro Ottawa gives electric vehicles a boost Hydro Ottawa More Case Studies Newsletter Most popular Most read Most commented Ottawa startup Milieu brings artificial intelligence to city public consultations 12-storey tower part of Château Laurier expansion plans filed with city Southam Club embraces Ottawa’s vibrancy Ottawa e-signature firm Signority has what it takes to ‘be a leader’: new CEO NHL’s Bettman books ticket to Ottawa as optimism over outdoor game increases Ottawa's locally owned retailers fighting a losing battle to stay viable Commented 1 time Twitter Tweets de @obj_news Events All events Add an event Expert Bloggers David Reid17 BrazeauSellerLLP - David Reid Blog: Good Faith in the Wind Victoria Boddy6 Brazeau Seller LLP - Victoria Boddy Blog: What to prepare before you see a lawyer Barbara Sinclair4 BrazeauSellerLLP - Barbara Sinclair Blog: The OMB and the Road to Reform More bloggers here Follow us on Facebook Twitter G+ Get our newsletter Contact us Ottawa Business Journal is published by Great River Media Inc. Ottawa Business Journal 250 City Centre Ave., Suite 500 Ottawa, K1R 6K7 613-238-1818 Powered by Transcontinental Conditions of Use
Featured Playlists Causes Contest HOME Video Music ART FASHION TECH TRAVEL RIDES Food & Drinks Design Sports NEWS MenuHOME Video Music ART FASHION TECH TRAVEL RIDES Food & Drinks Design Sports NEWS Home / Technology/Save & Go! Google Maps App Lets You Create & Share Your Favorite Spots Save & Go! Google Maps App Lets You Create & Share Your Favorite Spots By Jesse James on 15 February,2017 The good folks over at Google are always looking for ways to keep us more connected and easier ways for us to do what we need to. Today Google is back with some new updates to Google Maps. Today word on the e-streets is that the Google Maps App Lets You Create & Share Your Favorite Spots. Now you can simple tap on a place within the app which now brings up a “Save” option. It also includes presets like “Want to Go” and “Favorites” and even offers the ability to create your own custom lists for your next getaway, and as a way to keep track of our favorites. This unique feature can then be shared via text, e-mail, and social media; perfect for recommendations to visiting out-of-towners. These lists are also available offline so that you can access them whenever, wherever. Check out the latest Google Maps update now for both iOS and Android. Stay tuned for much more on this coming very soon! Save & Go! Google Maps App Lets You Create & Share Your Favorite Spots was last modified: February 15th, 2017 by Jesse James Related:  Tweak Your Texts With FreQuincy Toons Holiday Digital Stickers Related ItemsfavoritesGoogle Maps Apptechnology ← Previous Story Art With Function! The Etch Clock Next Story → Do It Yourself! The WarmTone Record Pressing Machine Featured Video Most Recent Listen: Dwele – Wanna Dance ft. Phife Dawg | Stream February 15, 2017 When it comes to smooth sounds, Dwele is no stranger. Today the singer/songwriter and much more is back, unleashing a brand new track with the late, great, Phife Dawg... February 15, 2017 Celebrate With Style! Adidas Originals 2017 Year of the Rooster Footwear Collection February 15, 2017 Old School Rarities! The Mitchell & Ness #12 Jersey of Michael Jordan Fashion + Style Celebrate With Style! Adidas Originals 2017 Year of the Rooster Footwear Collection February 15, 2017 In case you did not know, 2017 marks the Year of the Rooster on the Chinese Zodiac. The good folks over at adidas are back at it, celebrating the... February 15, 2017 Classic Inspirations! FILA’s Spring/Summer 2017 Apparel Collection February 14, 2017 A New Look! The “Speckled Gray” adidas AlphaBOUNCE FEATURED VIDEO © 2009-2016 stupidDOPE.com | All Rights Reserved. About Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Cool.Media Interactive One Millennial
Twitter Facebook Follow us: Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Paid Search Content Marketing Social Media Tools Advertise A Complete SEO Checklist for Web Developers SEO· Web Development February 15, 2017 SEO Web Development Brian HarnishFebruary 15, 2017 334SHARES 2.2KREADS 334SHARES 2.2KREADS Brian Harnish 334SHARES 2.2KREADS Website developers are not always quite as savvy as SEO practitioners when it comes to creating websites that perform well in the SEO arena. Even though development requires a set of technical skills, different technical skills are required for SEO. By following a standard checklist, it can be possible to follow Google’s Webmaster guidelines while also getting ahead in the all-important competitive space in SEO. This checklist looks at things like site speed optimization, structured data, HTML improvements, cross-platform compatibility, and other development tasks from a developer’s perspective in the context of SEO. By examining these items in further detail, we can identify potential roadblocks and bottlenecks most commonly associated with the website development life cycle. This checklist identifies items routinely covered in Google’s webmaster tools, and then some, to ensure that you have all bases covered for a successful website optimization, every time. In addition, this checklist will also cover lesser known but crucial items that are important to tackle during development before they go live on the site. Is My Google Webmaster Tools Properly Installed? Is Google Analytics (Or Stats Tool of Choice) Installed? Most websites use Google webmaster tools and Google Analytics as their statistics tracking program of choice. Of course, there are other options. But tracking programs are worthless if they are not configured correctly. Checklist Item #1: Is My Traffic Tracking Program Installed Correctly? If your tracking program is not installed properly, it is possible that it will spit back erroneous, incorrect data, or worse, duplicate data showing an increase when there may not even be an increase. At its simplest, make sure that the tracking program tags (if needed) are all only installed once on the page. Multiple installations and erroneous installations can become major headaches later. Google recommends using Google Tag Manager for more complex analytics installations. Look Into This: Mobile First Development A mobile-first index coming from Google has long been rumored, and finally, it’s no longer a rumor. In web development, considering a mobile-first approach is always a good idea. Checklist Item #2: Is Your Site Mobile-Friendly? Mobile-friendly can mean two different things in the development world. Does the site adhere to standard development techniques using a responsive CSS stylesheet with media queries? Or… Does the site utilize a separate mobile subdomain (m.domain.com)? While there is nothing inherently wrong with using a mobile sub-domain, it can make SEO more difficult. Any time you utilize a sub-domain, you are telling Google, in essence, that it is a second physical web property. Compared to using a sub-folder, which is typically an extension of a site, the sub-domain will be considered a separate web property and can be harder to manage when it comes to certain SEO tasks like link acquisition. Checklist Item #3: Mobile URL Structures Leading to Duplicate Content It is this author’s opinion that, with a site using the m.domain.com structure, your site should be developed in such a way that URL structures do not result in being identified as duplicate content. Duplicate content can arise from using multiple URLs to show the exact same content. When creating a mobile site using a mobile sub-domain, the general best practice is to make sure a rel=canonical tag is used to show the desktop site as the original source of content. This can help prevent duplicate content issues. Please note that Google’s developer guidelines also recommend doing this. In addition, make sure that URL structures during development don’t get out of hand, especially when setting up a site for https:// (secure hypertext transfer protocol). It is typical development protocol to obtain secure certificates for sites that are using https://, but be careful. If you do not purchase the right secure certificate, you can create crawling problems due to soft 404s. It’s like this: If a page of content is on https://www and https://, this just leads to crawl problems and duplicate content because Google easily gets confused by multiple URLs showing the same content. To avoid this issue, always purchasing the wild card version of the secure certificate will help make sure that duplicate URLs are not created during development. Otherwise, you will manually have to perform 301 redirects, which can become a nightmare when you’re dealing with a larger site. Because of the inherent problems developing a site with secure, mobile, and other types of URLs as noted above, it is usually the best idea to get a wildcard secure certificate and develop a site from the ground up using one single style sheet to control your layout across devices. This way, you preserve the content on mobile that Google likes to see, you have the opportunity to reduce calls to the server (greater site speed and less bottlenecks as a result), and you reduce URL structure issues by attacking all of the problem areas at once. Look Into This: Schema.org Structured Data Schema.org microdata is becoming more important on websites, and creating sites by coding Schema.org microdata properly is crucial. Checklist Item #4: Is My Structured Data Coded Properly? Creating a process where you manually check Schema.org structured data by using Google’s Schema.org validation tool is a good process to have that will help you become a more successful coder. Without this process, you’re flying blind and will be at the mercy of Google’s confusion if you don’t have this data correctly executed. While most common errors are uncovered by using Google’s Structured Data Testing Tool, there are other minor errors that can occur that are not. These other errors are crucial to get right, so let’s examine what can happen if you don’t. Take the following example: You’re creating a website for restaurants and you want to include the website’s restaurant name and location information. After a first pass coding the Schema.org structured data, you realize that you see some strange punctuation and contextual errors within the Schema.org data. For example: <div itemscope itemtype=”brand”><span name=”organization”>Copyright Company Name, All Rights Reserved</span></div> <div itemscope itemtype=”brand”> Copyright <span name=”organization”>Company Name </span>, All Rights Reserved</div> Notice in the first example that the copyright declaration is included within all the tags. In the second example, the Company Name is nicely placed between the opening and closing span tags. This second example is what we want. This is one example of contextual coding errors that can occur when coding Schema.org microdata. These types of errors will not show up in any automatic tool like Google’s webmaster tools, and thus it is necessary to perform a manual check to look for these errors. If the first coding example is used, Google will show the rich snippet as “Copyright Company Name, All Rights Reserved” instead of showing the rich snippet as “Company Name” which is what should happen. By implementing a thorough checking process before the site ever goes live, as a developer, you can take charge and make sure these types of issues don’t crop up later during the SEO process. Look Into This: Check Your Robots.txt File Sometimes, during development, it may be necessary to completely block access to the domain before it goes live. Usually, this is done by using the following command in a robots.txt file on the server: Disallow: / However, I have run into quite a few instances where this set of code has been completely forgotten. The client calls me, wondering why their site is not performing. Always make sure there isn’t a disallow directive in robots.txt. This will prevent crawling by the search engines and can be a major damper on a website’s performance. Now, there is a big difference between “Disallow:” and “Disallow: /”. For non-SEO practitioners, these directives can seem confusing. Disallow: (without the forward slash) means that all search engine spiders and user agents can crawl the site without issue from the site root down. Disallow: / (with the forward slash) means that everything from the site root down will be fully blocked from search engine indexing access. Checklist Item #5: Does My Robots.Txt File Have a “Disallow From The Root Directory” Directive? As you may imagine, the proper removal of this directive is a good checking step to ensure that search engines can access your site properly. Look Into This: Staging Site Domain Check As most developers are aware, during the development process a staging site is created for the purpose of testing new code, previous versions of the site, and correcting other issues before it goes live. A common error during the development process is missing a few instances of a staging site domain when preparing the site for its first launch. This check can help eliminate errors like images not loading properly once the site is switched live, 404 errors due to pages referencing the staging subdomain instead of the live site domain and other issues. Checklist Item #6: Does My Site Contain Instances of Staging Site Sub-domains? It is possible, through the use of efficient find and replace techniques, to quickly search for and replace any instances of the staging site sub-domain. For example, in your favorite development program, using Ctrl + H on a Windows machine (or cmd + H on a Mac), you can easily use find and replace for finding all instances of the occurrence of the staging site sub-domain (for the sake of our example, let’s use “stage. domain.com”). When the site is switched live, the domain.com will be reflected in full instead of stage.domain.com. But, if a checking process is not implemented, the site could go live with stage.domain.com URLs being referenced everywhere. Please note: This checking process will likely not be needed if a relative URL is used during development, as opposed to absolute URLs. For those who are not familiar with this, relative URLs drop everything before the first sub-folder in a URL structure, leaving it looking like this: “folder 1/folder 2/page.html”. An absolute URL includes domain.com at the beginning of the URL structure, leaving it looking like this: “domain.com/folder 1/folder 2/page.html”. It is in the case of absolute URL structures where this check is necessary. Depending on your site’s configuration, you may not even need to implement this step. Look Into This: HTML Errors Common HTML errors can often lead to poor rendering of the site on various platforms, which in turn can cause issues with user experience and site speed. This can then cause issues with site performance from a rankings perspective. While this is NOT a direct rankings impact, it can be an indirect rankings impact, kind of like when W3C valid code is not used. W3C validity is not required for ranking sites, but it can lead to an indirect increase in rankings because W3C validity can help reduce site speed through better-optimized layouts and coding techniques. Better coding techniques can also help Google understand your site easier. It is imperative to note here that utilizing a checklist for common errors will not get rid of everything, and may only cause a slight blip in performance increase if other major issues already exist on a site. But, they are worth fixing when you have all of your SEO ducks in a row. It is also worth noting here that there are two schools of thought when considering HTML issues. One school of thought believes that correct coding is not essential, that the site will perform and do well in Google anyway. Another school of thought believes that correct coding can lead to increased performance including increased performance in the search results. Who is right? It is this author’s opinion that the correct answer is to always validate your coding. As a born-and-raised developer turned SEO, it has always been my own best practice to perform complete W3C checking and validation on my sites WHEN I have complete and full control over them. Is it always possible to achieve that kind of coding nirvana? I think so. There are situations where this kind of coding ideal is not possible, so it is necessary to judge the situation for yourself, as not everything discussed here will always apply. Checklist Item #7: Does My Site Contain Major Instances of Coding Errors? One common coding error is the utilization of polyglot documents or documents that were coded with one document type, but implemented on a new platform with another document type. When I was in law firm SEO, I ran into this often when developers were attempting to cut corners. The general appearance of coding documents in this manner resulted in many coding errors being thrown by the W3C validator, sometimes thousands. To the inexperienced, it seems as if you would need to change every HTML tag or other instance of coding in order to comply with W3C standards. Not at all. It ended up being the case of pure ‘copy and paste’ of the code. In most instances where budgets, project scoping, and other issues interfered with development times, it could be impossible to implement the right fix, which is to make sure all coding adheres to the chosen document type. The simple solution, especially on large sites where large budgets, inter-departmental cooperation, and third parties are involved, would be to simply change the DOCTYPE line to be the right DOCTYPE the document was coded in. Checklist Item #8: Does My Site Contain an Efficient Code Layout? How code is laid out is extremely important, as explained by Michael King, Founder and Managing Director of iPullRank. Code layout can impact rendering times, overall site speed, and eventually the final performance of the site. From a server perspective, this is a crucial step to get right. From the client-side perspective, this can also impact load times. When considering client-side coding, let’s time travel a bit. Back in the olden days of 1998, it was not uncommon to find code layouts with 2400 rows and 2400 columns in table non-CSS designs. Here, in 2017, it is also not uncommon to find bloated code layouts with 50 rows and 50 columns created entirely in nested DIVs, where the amount of rows and columns is inappropriate and contributes nothing to the overall layout. Of course, I am exaggerating on the number. By putting a little thought into a layout, it is possible to compress some over-bloated layouts down to three DIVs (and maybe one or two nested DIVs): header, content, and footer. This applies to the client-side. On the back-end from the server side perspective, code layout of everything from PHP to JavaScript, CSS, and HTML, efficient development practice should take into account the minification of code, as well as better coding layouts. One more issue: Meta tags should also be coded according to DOCTYPE. If the W3C validator throws errors due to meta tags, it is most likely being caused by self-closing meta tags being used in a DOCTYPE that does not provide for them. For example: (<meta name=“description” content=“” />) as opposed to <meta name=“description” content=“”>). The former is an instance of a self-closing meta tag, which can be required in XHTML documents. In standard HTML 5, it is not required to use it. Make sure you know the rules and how to implement them when using differing DOCTYPEs. Otherwise, these errors can cause issues. Look Into This: Image Issues Images are used in web design to convey mood, tell a story, and make things look cool. However, they can impede the user experience when they become too large. Now, more than ever, with Google’s mobile index looming, it is important to consider image size when it comes to enhancing site speed on mobile. While it has always been a development best practice, not everyone in web development implements best-practice techniques. Ok, so let’s time travel again. In the olden days of 1998, it was commonplace to make sure that pages never exceeded 35 kB in size. According to HTTP Archive, most web pages now don’t exceed 14 kB in size for the HTML files (not including images). Most web pages now don’t exceed 648 kB as of 12/15/2016, which includes all potential elements (like scripts, fonts, video, images, etc.). What is the best page size to target when developing a site? The smallest size possible given what you are developing for. Any improvement towards faster site speed can help improve your site performance overall. Checklist Item #9: Are Images Causing Unnecessary Bottlenecks? It is this author’s opinion that it should be standard for developers to optimize images. In my experience, I’ve found that many developers are not utilizing image compression techniques. For example, it is possible to take an image, compress it down to manageable file size in Photoshop while maintaining quality and physical dimension size. This is usually done on photos by adjusting the JPG settings when exporting an image for the web. Different Development Platforms: Are Images Unnecessarily Large When They Don’t Have to Be? This not only takes into account physical download size but also the image pixel dimensions in general (these are not always mutually exclusive, depending on the platform you use). I have found WordPress developers to be a major offender of this particular checklist item. Images will be uploaded to WordPress and resized without much regard for the physical download size of the image. This can result in a 20 x 20 image on WordPress being 2 MB in size if you are not careful. To make sure this does not happen, always open the image in Photoshop (or whatever image compression program you use) to resize it and compress it properly using lossless compression. Doing this and carefully keeping watch on the final image download size within WordPress will help make sure that unintentional file size increases will not negatively impact your site speed. Look Into This: Search Plug-Ins, Other Plug-Ins Whenever you develop a website, especially on platforms like WordPress, issues can crop up even when the developer is not at fault. Search plug-ins can cause especially harmful, irreparable damage to a website’s reputation if they are not caught early. One such instance can be if a search plug-in creates multiple pages for every single search result typed into the search plug-in. When this happens, not only do you get many blank pages without content, you can also run up the bandwidth bill from your website hosting provider. Checklist Item #10: Are Any Rogue Plug-Ins Causing Major Issues With SEO? Other rogue plug-ins can cause major SEO issues especially when they insert things like links into the footers of your pages automatically (site-wide footer links for linking’s sake is against Google’s Webmaster Guidelines: “Widely distributed links in the footers or templates of various sites”), and other issues. Look Into This: Site Speed and Server Configurations Utilizing much of the advice in this checklist will help get you to a good spot when it comes to the best options for site speed. There are, however, other issues to consider when server configurations and site speed come into play. Some bottlenecks can be caused by server issues, but it will be up to you to identify and figure out what bottlenecks are being caused by your server. Some common bottlenecks include the following, which are all fairly easy fixes. First, begin by checking your site speed using Google’s Page Speed Testing tool. They have moved most of their page speed and other insights into their Mobile-Friendly Test Tool. In addition, I recommend also using the site test tool webpagetest.org. Checklist Item #11: Is Your Server Using GZip Compression? GZip compression on a server lets the server compress files in such a way that results in faster transfers over a network. It is generally standard on most servers built today, but can sometimes be an issue on some servers. If you don’t know, it is likely already enabled on your host. You can check this by running a test on webpagetest.org. Checklist Item #12: Server Time to First Byte Loaded Is the first byte to load taking longer than the rest of your website to load? If so, this could be a bottleneck that can help you squeeze out every last bit of performance during the website development stage. This first-byte time measures the “time from when the user started navigating to the page until the first bit of the server response arrived.” When there’s trouble in paradise on this metric, this can usually mean a server configuration issue that can usually be fixed by your server technician. If following all the optimization items discussed in this checklist doesn’t work and you have found yourself having a severely long time to first-byte loaded issue, it’s a good idea to check with your server technician. This should help resolve any outstanding issues presented by this problem. Final Parting Thoughts Developing websites can be a fun, exciting endeavor. But they can also be a challenging affair wrought with issues that can plague a website’s SEO performance for years to come if you are not careful. Performing an in-depth website audit on an existing site could be the answer you need if you want to solve your website problems. Otherwise, when developing your website, following the steps in this guide will help you get your site to a great place from an SEO perspective. In the coming year, a mobile-first development approach with an emphasis on site speed will be an essential development step towards winning an edge in the competitive Google SEO landscape.   Image Credits Featured Image: Rawpixel/DepositPhotos.com In-post Photo #1: tatsianama/DepositPhotos.com In-post Photo #2: spaxiax/DepositPhotos.com In-post Photo #3: iinspiration/DepositPhotos.com In-post Photo #4: Screenshot by [Brian Harnish] [from Michael King’s presentation The Technical SEO Renaissance]. Taken February 2017. In-post Photo #5: ibphoto/DepositPhotos.com In-post Photo #6: Wavebreakmedia/DepositPhotos.com Related Posts 2016 SEO Checklist for Website Owners #MarketingNerds with Anne Ahola Ward: Best Practices in Mobile SEO, ASO, and Working Alongside Developers Don’t Launch a WordPress Site Before You Go Through This Checklist Bing Just Became a Powerful New Tool for Developers ADVERTISEMENT Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Brian Harnish SEO Specialist at ymarketing Since 1998, Brian Harnish has been developing websites using a thorough foundation of knowledge gained through a solid education and practical experience solving problems on... Read Full Bio @BrianHarnish +Brian Harnish Latest posts by Brian Harnish (see all) A Complete SEO Checklist for Web Developers - February 15, 2017 How to Build a WordPress Site in 24 Hours - May 6, 2016 25 Social Media Facts For The End of 2015 - November 3, 2015 Download: The Beginner's Guide to SEO A Complete Guide to Getting Started in SEO. Invalid email address.   Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: SEJ Summit 2017 Upcoming Event: Chicago See all SEJ Summit Conferences #SEJThinktank Webinar Link Building Metrics: Managing Projects and SEOs Wed. February 22nd, 2 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast How to Avoid Digital Burnout See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts Popular Posts 1 DuckDuckGo Hits Milestone 14 Million Searches in a Single Day 80.3K reads 1/19/2017 2 2017’s Four Most Important Ranking Factors, According to SEO Industry Studies 18.1K reads 2/3/2017 3 Content Is King: The Greatest Lie Ever Told in SEO 8.3K reads 2/2/2017 4 4 Cool Ways Raspberry Pi Is Transforming Technology 7.8K reads 2/4/2017 5 9 Digital Marketing Tools You Can’t Live Without 7.5K reads 1/31/2017See All Popular Posts [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2017 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
