Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Will My Android Phone Work Without a SIM Card? Cory Gunther03/25/2015 One question we get all the time is whether or not your Android phone will work without a SIM card, or without service from a carrier. Not to mention what to do with old smartphones. These days smartphones are updated and improved at an increasing rate. Manufacturers release impressive new upgrades and better devices each year, or sooner, often making older devices somewhat useless. Then millions of owners upgrade to something bigger, better, faster, and one year newer. Advertisement The short answer, Yes. Your Android smartphone will absolutely work without a SIM card. In fact, you can do almost everything you can do with your smartphone without paying any carrier a monthly fee. All you need is Wi-Fi, a few different apps, and any Android device and you’re good to go. Read: 5 Uses for Your Old iPhone Below we’ll go over a few different things owners can do with an Android smartphone that doesn’t have a SIM card. This can be a cheap Moto G, your old device from a year or two ago now that you’ve upgraded to something new, or simply someone that no longer has an active SIM with a carrier. You can use Android phones as a tablet, music player, computer, and an array things, so read on for more details. Advertisement Advertisement When it comes to using an Android smartphone one of the first few steps when you get a new (or used) device out of the box is the initial setup. Typically this is done with a SIM card (the little card that gives you service to make calls, texts, and browse the web) using your carriers service. Then you connect to the internet to sign into your Gmail account, download apps, browse the web, listen to music, or anything else people do on smartphones these days. You can sign into your Gmail account and sync all your contacts, emails, apps, data and more over Wifi if you don’t have a SIM, then use it just like you normally would. So how can you use an Android phone without a SIM card? It’s simple, just do anything you typically do, but over Wi-Fi instead. Using the wireless internet connection in your house, at a hotel, a nearby Starbucks and more is all you need. You can skip the setup process and go right into using the device as a personal music player, or set it up like a full functioning device. Above we went over 5 uses for an old iPhone, and all of those same things apply to an old Android device, or someone that has a phone with no SIM card. You can still browse the web, listen to music from Google Play Music, Spotify and more, use Facebook, download apps, and everything. The phone works 100% the same way, only you can’t make calls and texts through the traditional methods. A phone with no SIM card can be used as a dedicated music player, set it on your desk as a clock, or your bedside as an alarm clock. Or even connect it to your home security and use it as a dedicated security camera feed. The possibilities are endless. Advertisement However, you can still use your phone to send messages, make calls, do video chats and more all without having service through a carrier, and with no SIM card. There are multiple different apps available on the Google Play Store that can do a variety of different things. With Android 4.4 KitKat Google made its Hangouts app the dedicated text messaging app to send messages, or MMS pictures messages. However, there are still hundreds of alternatives on the Google Play Store. If you have an Android phone without service you can still send text messages with Hangouts, Facebook Messenger, GroupMe, LINE and many more, all by just using WiFi. Google Hangouts can send texts and picture messages, do live video chat and more. This doesn’t require service from your provider or a SIM card, just make sure you’re connected to WiFi. Facebook has a calling feature with its standalone messenger app, and even Google has something called Google Voice. Allowing users to make calls via the internet. You can even port your old number into Google Voice, and still get calls through GVoice using an active WiFi connection. See what we’re getting at here? You can do everything you normally can do, as long as you have a Wifi connection to get online. Users can also head to the Google Play Store and download one of the many free WiFi Calling apps, ones which allow you to make phone calls over the internet, instead of through a carrier with a SIM card. T-Mobile phones have WiFi calling enabled by default, and most carriers in the US allow it as well. This uses a wireless internet connection to make calls, rather than using your SIM card and carrier networks. Advertisement What this all comes down to, is if you can use an Android smartphone without a SIM card. The answer to that is yes, yes you can. As long as you have an internet connection you can do almost everything you normally can do. On the flipside, if you don’t have WiFi, you can still listen to music, play games, open apps and more, as long as they don’t need an internet connection. No SIM card and no WiFi basically makes your phone become a tablet, music player, alarm clock, and more. Give some of the apps above a try, and if you’ve found other great alternatives drop us a comment below. 22 Responses 05/06/2015 peppino Reply I just don’t get it…my android warp zte phone wouldn’t connect to google..and was very slow.. so I tried EVERYTHING…finally, out of frustration..I took out the SIM card…now it works perfect!!! So I don’t need a SIM card?? And pay Boost Mobile $45 a month??? What’s the catch??? It just sounds too good??? If I leave my apartment, will my phone start to smoke or explode?? 07/21/2015 solarya Reply same here I cannot log into google account 05/25/2015 deeksha Reply I don’t have sim card but vi want to use watsapp 07/07/2015 danyeleread Reply What is the benefit of having a sim? Certainly it’s being able to use the phone without wi-fi. Are there any others? 07/12/2015 Jonathan Wint Reply My Samsung Galaxy S4 will only work connect to carrier with sim card out.. Keeps saying it Locked and needs to reboot with it in. 09/03/2015 praised one Reply Sounds like your phone is locked by your carrier. Im pretty sure this guide was meant for people who already have unlocked phones. 09/06/2015 Christopher Reply One thing the article didn’t mention is the date/time. By default it uses get from provider. Well without a SIM card it cannot get the date and time. So you need to manually set the date and time. Once I did that I was able to log into Google Play and was back to normal. 09/30/2015 Chris Reply Christopher, how do I manually set the date and time? My phone only highlights the display mode but not the setting. The Wifi is highlighted but does not work. 09/27/2015 Don Reply Is it possible to receive telephone calls this way? It seems you would no longer have a telephone number. 09/04/2016 pnaw10 Reply As the writer said, yes, you could use the Google Voice app to make free phone calls over WiFi. Google Voice’s versatility can make it tricky, however. The writer mentioned that you can port an existing phone number into Google. If you’re setting up Google Voice on an OLD phone, but you port-in the number that’s active on your NEW phone, it may impact your service for the new phone. You should check with your current cell phone’s carrier first. (Sometimes, porting a number out from a cell carrier is perceived as you no longer needing their service, so they cancel your access, which would reduce your new phone’s functionality to the same level as the old phone.) Not mentioned in the article: you also have the option of requesting a NEW phone number from Google when you sign-up for Voice. So you can keep your current number on your current/new phone, and then set-up Google Voice with the old phone. But you’ll wind up with both your “legacy” phone number (on the new/current phone) and your Google number (on the old, WiFi-only phone). That could confuse friends/family when you call — they won’t recognize the number that shows up on caller ID, so they might not answer, unless you tell them in advance. You’d also have to explain that this number’s only good for that phone if you’re on WiFi, so they might be better off to keep calling you on your “regular” cell number instead of your Google number. Back to the porting thing… if you can do it without messing up your current cell service, you can have Google Voice ring both phones — the old phone when it’s active on WiFi, and the new phone whenever it has any kind of connection, be it WiFi or your carrier’s cell network. This might be the best option in terms of having calls ring through to any device — and you can call from either device and the other end of the call will see the same familiar number you’ve always had. 09/30/2015 Chris Reply This is great info but you didn’t explain how to do it! When I press Wifi nothing happens; also the date/time cannot be set. This is my first cell phone and I’m so clueless that I bought it without a SIM. It’s a Blu Studio 5.5S, android V4.2 Jellybean. 12/06/2015 eddie Reply i cant get past emergency call to get wifi help please 01/27/2016 Ayanna Reply I have a one that I reset and it’s saying that I cannot connect to the App Store that I have to force quit why is that..? 01/28/2016 NJC Reply REmove the sim card. was having the same force quit issue couldn’t connect etc. Removed the sim card can now access app store. Using my wifi of course. but removing the sim card apparently is the 1st step to do whatever. Android old Huawei 01/28/2016 NJC Reply REmove the sim card. was having the same force quit issue couldn’t connect etc. Removed the sim card can now access app store. Using my wifi of course. but removing the sim card apparently is the 1st step to do whatever. Android old Huawei 01/28/2016 Miyoko Reply is it possible to use the smartphone with a pre-paid sim card in a foreign country? I saw some pre-paid phone sets come with the cheap phones and a SIM on sale. Will these SIMs for pre-paid phones work for the iPhones and HTC models? It could be the legal and safe answer for the people with no SIM cards. 03/01/2016 Leo Reply I use a ZTE Warp Sync (not activated) for lots of things. Almost everyplace has free wifi and it also serves as my e-book reader. It also can serve as a kid’s video player replacement for an ipod. Only aggravation is the “hands free activation” coming on now and then, which I just ignore. 03/22/2016 Christine clayton Reply Sounds like a stupid question but can you just use a mobile with a decent camera just for taking photos i.e with selfie stick, without having to be on a network? 04/09/2016 EJ Reply Yes you can 04/17/2016 Riddhi Reply after removing sim card, i am not getting sound in the apps. why is it so? 07/11/2016 no Reply and here, I actually thought this author was going to give some pertinent information on how to “BYPASS” the annoying activation process every time I turn on my phone . Instead, all the author did was go around in circles on something that 98% of the people knew to begin with, good grief! There’s 5 minutes of my life, I’ll never get back. 01/14/2017 Robbert H Reply Fixing date was the solution for me. After removing my SIM card, the date went back about 4 years. After resetting data, I got an update and Play Store started working. Flight mode made no difference. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
Text Size A A A Subscribe Login Politics Politics Home Federal Provincial Cities International Policy Policy Home Aboriginal Ag & Food Economy & Finance Energy & Environment Foreign & Defence Health Care & Aging Industry & Trade Justice & Security Public Service Opinions Opinions Home Michael Harris Susan Delacourt Tasha Kheiriddin Alan Freeman Brent Rathgeber L. Ian MacDonald Jonathan Manthorpe Editorial iPolitics Briefs Briefs Home Morning Brief Evening Brief Opinion Brief The Drilldown The Sprout *NEW* The Lunchbox iPoliticsLive iPoliticsLive Home Upcoming Events Past Events Calendar Search Site My Account Alberta PC leader candidate Kenney challenged on all sides by unity plan Chong could reboot Tory fortunes Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report says Trump: Brexit ‘a great thing,’ EU to continue to break apart Parti Québécois leader would adopt a “Buy Québécois Act” if elected in 2018 Login Politics Politics Home Federal Provincial Cities International Policy Policy Home Aboriginal Ag & Food Economy & Finance Energy & Environment Foreign & Defence Health Care & Aging Industry & Trade Justice & Security Public Service Opinions Opinions Home Michael Harris Susan Delacourt Tasha Kheiriddin Alan Freeman Brent Rathgeber L. Ian MacDonald Jonathan Manthorpe Editorial iPolitics Briefs Briefs Home Morning Brief Evening Brief Opinion Brief The Drilldown The Sprout *NEW* The Lunchbox iPoliticsLive iPoliticsLive Home Upcoming Events Past Events Subscribe Only $ 17 .50 /montly About iPolitics Work With Us Subscribe Plans & Pricing Advertising Site Feedback Contact Alpheus Web Design & Development by Atomic Motion Throttling free speech, at home and abroad Kieran Bergmann Friday, November 9th, 2012 Kieran Bergmann Friday, November 9th, 2012 iDeas Facebook Twitter Kieran Bergmann is the Google Policy Fellow at the Citizen Lab, Munk School of Global Affairs, University of Toronto. She previously worked at the Canadian Embassy to Thailand, Burma, Cambodia, and Laos and recently completed her MA in Public and International Affairs at the University of Ottawa. Last week, two Vietnamese songwriters were sentenced to harsh prison terms for posting songs online deemed to be anti-government propaganda. Less than a month earlier, an anti-mining advocate was arrested in the Philippines, accused of posting a libelous comment on Facebook. Stories like this are becoming increasingly familiar in Southeast Asia, and are a stark reminder of the threats to online freedom of expression and access to information in the region. With over 156 million Internet users in the region, governments are realizing that they cannot ignore the economic, political and social implications of the Internet, and are grappling with the rapid growth of connectivity in their countries. Many Southeast Asian countries have extended the controls they exercise offline on speech to the realm of cyberspace by actively censoring, blocking or filtering online content. Often this is done under the guise of national security, social cohesion or cultural sensitivity. Rarely is it done in a transparent manner, with proper judicial oversight or respect for due process. As Internet use expands in Indonesia — home now to the third largest number of Facebook users in the world — the government has escalated its control of online content. In the lead up to Ramadan this past July, more than one million pornographic sites were blocked. Prior to this, in October 2011, the Ministry of Information and Communication announced that it had blocked 300 websites, but gave no indication which sites were blocked, except to say that they were “radical” and “extremist”. To compliment these more informal restriction efforts, many governments are using legal measures to criminalize online speech, applying existing criminal laws to cyberspace and creating new laws and policies. The laws often are open to broad interpretation by authorities and subject offenders to incredibly harsh punishments. In Vietnam, where an increasingly bold blogosphere is enraging authorities, the government has drafted the Decree on Management, Provision and Use of Internet Services and Information Content Online in an effort to further control cyberspace. The proposed law will amplify the ongoing crackdown on online content by imposing even more severe restrictions against publishing slanderous or critical material. Aspects of the draft decree, including its requirement that all Internet users post real names and personal information, is likely to make an already hostile environment even more so. Governments also are more frequently outsourcing their content control to intermediaries, including Internet Service Providers (ISPs), private companies and webmasters. These intermediaries are being held accountable for third party content and face punishment for failing to censor the Internet, even if they did not create or publish the content themselves. The adoption of the Computer Crimes Act in Thailand has criminalized the hosting of offensive content, and often has been used to hold intermediaries liable for anti-monarchist content posted by others. The country has seen a rise in the number of lèse-majesté cases being brought against individuals like Chiranuch Premchaiporn, the director and editor of Prachatai, a popular Thai online news site, who in May was found guilty of neglecting her role as an intermediary by failing to remove ten alleged lèse-majesté posts from Prachatai’s web board in a timely fashion. Thailand’s government has enlisted also the help of intermediaries outside of the country, including Google and Facebook. In June, Google released its fifth bi-annual Transparency Report, detailing requests from governments to remove content between July and December of 2011. In this period, Google received requests from Thailand’s Ministry of Information and Communications Technology to remove 149 YouTube videos that were alleged to be insulting to the monarchy — a huge increase over any previous reporting period. On November 24, 2011, the ministry announced that since August the government had requested that Facebook remove the URLs of 86,000 user accounts that contained lèse-majesté content. To date, Canada has remained largely silent as governments in Southeast Asia vie to gain or maintain dominance over their citizens in cyberspace. Ensuring that the Internet remains free and open in the region will contribute to the evolution of democracy and the protection of human rights, while promoting security and economic growth. Canada should be a strong voice for Internet freedom in Southeast Asia — if not for its self-described commitment to the promotion of democracy and respect for human rights, then to advance the strategic interests that it has in the region. An open Internet is critical to the continued growth of trade and investment between Canada and ASEAN, and the efforts by governments to restrict the flow of information online seriously threaten this relationship. Governments that limit, block, remove, or otherwise control online content impede Canada’s ability to access these markets, and reduce the associated benefits to Canadian exports, employment, and innovation. There are a number of steps that Canada can take in this direction, including enacting measures to prevent Canadian companies from being complicit in human rights violations of foreign states and advocating for online authors who have been arrested or harassed by repressive regimes. But first and foremost, Canada must get its own house in order. Thailand wasn’t the only country requesting that Google remove content; Ottawa did as well. What is most notable, and troubling, about Canada’s takedown requests is that an increasing number were not accompanied by a court order, but rather fell into Google’s category of “other” requests from the “executive, police, etc”. This demonstrates that the government increasingly is bypassing formal and lawful processes in their attempts to get the compliance of private sector companies in their Internet censorship activities. Meanwhile, the government continues to resurrect Bill C30, despite widespread condemnation. The proposed electronic surveillance law would give the government unprecedented access to Canadians’ private online information without the requirement of a warrant. If the Canadian government fails to respect freedom of expression, the right to privacy, and the rule of law in our own country, how can it expect other countries to do so in theirs? This op-ed is based on a new Canada-Asia Agenda entitled “Extending Censorship Controls in Southeast Asia” published by the Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada. Loading Articles Live Wire Only the news you need, from all the sources you know. Close Form
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Dealhacker: 20% Off Lego Sets On Ebay Plan For The Sequence Of Return Risk To Make Your Retirement Savings Last Beware The Bandwagon Effect When Buying A Car How Small Actions Help You Take Control Of Your Finances Home Why Spicy Food Makes You Feel High 4 Things That Happen When You Skip Breakfast Not All Non-Dairy Milks Are Worth Making Yourself The Trick To Perfectly Crispy Ground Meat Is To Leave It Alone Entertainment Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date Trick Your Friends And Family With These 10 Bets You'll Always Win The Dungeons & Dragons Background Music Playlist The Best Controllers For Retro Gaming Travel Language Learning Showdown: Rosetta Stone Vs. Duolingo Use The Fibonacci Sequence To Quickly Convert Between Miles And Kilometres Thinking Cap: Podcasts, Articles And Clips To Make You Smarter Focus on These Four Factors To Make The Most Of A Holiday Health Learn What Breast Cancer Can Look Like With This Cute Image Visit Museums To Boost Your Empathy Focus On One Resolution A Month To Accomplish More Overall A Beginner's Guide To Strap-On Systems Design The Sierra 10 Desktop Get To Know Everything About Multimeters With This Guide Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Safely Use Any Bag As A Camera Bag Work Productivity IINA Is Mac-Focused Video Player With Modern Design Wayback Machine For Chrome Finds Archived Copies Of Broken Links Right Click Enhancer Adds A Ton Of Useful Options To Your Context Menu How To Refuse Extra Work Without Annoying Your Boss [Infographic] Communicate How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds Don't Be Afraid To Be Average If You Want To Be Memorable Terminology For iPhone Goes Free, Refreshes Its Interface And Adds A Notes Option No NBN In Your Street? Just Set Up A Wireless Bridge Organise How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free This Week's Top Downloads Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts How Sharing Your To-Do List Can Help You Get More Done Career Showing Off Your Sense Of Humour At Work Can Make You Seem More Competent Why You Should Recognise Luck's Role In Your Success Or Failure How To Become A Plus-Size Model Take Control Of Your Email Inbox This Year By Using Only Five Folders Business Travel Here Is The Winner Of Sodastream's Iceland Competition! Top 5 Thin And Light Laptops For Travel It's Official: Badgerys Creek Airport Is Coming To Western Sydney Qantas Is Adding Non-Stop Flights To London Security Your Browser's Autofill Data Can Be Phished, Here's How To Stay Safe Bible Verses Are Easy To Guess, So Don't Use Them As Your Password Deals: Keep Your Online Activity Private For Life With This VPN Chrome Has An Option To Export Passwords, Here's How To Enable It Small Business & Startups How I Succeeded: TryBooking's Grant Dunoon Twitter Kills Off Small Business Tool It Released A Few Months Ago The Government's Small Business $20,000 Asset Write-Off Scheme May Be Extended Here's A Five-Minute Exercise Routine For Time-Poor Small Business Owners IT Pro Cloud Why We Should Save Adobe Flash Get A Discount For Google Drive With A New Yearly Subscription Cisco Kills Its $1 Billion Cloud Dropbox To Remove Public Folders For Pro Users Too IT Career Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle Killer Interview Question: Do You Check Your Email When You're On Holidays? How A Good Mentor Can Save You Time Deals: Give Your Resume A Boost With This Training Bundle IT Security Software Bug Forces GoDaddy To Revoke And Re-Issue SSL Certificates To Customers Which Software Had The Most Vulnerabilities In 2016? How To Protect Yourself On Public Wi-Fi Networks Stolen Yahoo Accounts Database Sold for Hundreds Of Thousands Of Dollars Developer Google Open Sources Draco 3D Compression Library Handy JavaScript Console Commands For Web Developers Deals: Start Training To Be A Mobile Game Dev Right Now Development Timelapse For EVE Online Shows Python As Workhorse Language Deployment Build A Laptop With The Guts Of An Xbox One S Latest Windows 10 Update Can Wreck Multiple Screen Setups Adelaide's 10Gbps Broadband Network Is Really Happening Microsoft Has Brought In Privacy Changes To Windows 10 (For The Better) Servers Oracle Is Starting To Fine Customers Who Thought They Were Using Free Java Software Server Down: What Caused The ATO System Crash? ATO Website Crash: One Petabyte Of Data Lost Make A Virtual Drive Using Your Video Card's RAM Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date How To Turn Your Dumb Printer Into A Cloud Printer Google Open Sources Draco 3D Compression Library Logan Booker Jan 15, 2017, 3:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  3d Australian Stories clips compression google open source Share Gruntier video cards. More powerful CPUs. Higher resolution displays. All this stuff is really important when it comes to enjoying quality 3D experiences, be it video games or virtual reality. But none of it matters if it takes 400 years to download those experiences. Hence why companies such as Google spend a lot of time researching new ways to compress data. Now Google has a new compression library for 3D models — called "Draco" — and it looks very promising. As Google's Open Source blog explains, 3D data is becoming more and more commonplace — and not just for entertainment. Point-clouds and other such structures for storing information are everywhere, yet no one has really come up with a way of compressing it specifically. Instead, general purpose algorithms such as Deflate (used for ZIP) or LZMA (7z) are used. This is where Draco steps in. Designed by the Chrome Media team, the library promises to significantly speed up the encoding, transmission and decoding of 3D data. The primary focus is for browsers, but there's nothing stopping anyone from utilising it for their own, non-web purposes as Google provides both JavaScript and C++ versions of the software. The algorithm supports both lossy and lossless modes: think JPEG versus PNG. While the latter is fine for games and VR, where a tiny quality compromise is unnoticeable, you don't want to lose anything with scientific point-cloud data. Sure, Draco isn't as exciting as a new GPU architecture or wafer-thin AMOLED, but it could very well become the backbone of online-powered 3D in the future. Introducing Draco: compression for 3D graphics [Google Open Source Blog] Originally published on Gizmodo Australia. Also on Lifehacker Australian Open 2017: Play Schedule And Opening Matches NBN's New Speed Names Explained Here Is Every Suburb That Will Be Getting The NBN In 2017 Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds Daniel Saffioti 16 Jan 2017 11:30 AM Poor bandwidth makes downloading content and working in the cloud impractical. Like many Australians, these are two activities that have become critical to the way I live my life. When the NBN skipped my house because it was in the older stages of the estate I live in, I decided to take matters into my own hands. Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Alan Henry 15 Jan 2017 10:00 AM Maybe you picked up a Raspberry Pi for the holidays, or you've been sitting on one of the super versatile, palm-sized computers for a while now. If you've been wondering how to get started with yours, or what you could build that's worthwhile, here are ten great ideas. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle Deals: Start Training To Be A Mobile Game Dev Right Now Deals: Give Your Resume A Boost With This Training Bundle Deals: Keep Your Online Activity Private For Life With This VPN Trending Articles 1 How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds 2 Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners 3 Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date 4 How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free 5 Trick Your Friends And Family With These 10 Bets You'll Always Win World First: Australian Scientists Spot The Ruby Seadragon In The Wild Deals: Up Your Photoshop Game With This Training Bundle Soon, Your Smartwatch Will Know When You're Getting Sick (Before You Do) Huawei Mate 9: Australian Price And Release Date Neopets Is Rotting Away Deals: If You Want To Learn To Code, Try This Training Bundle I Want To Play Zelda: Breath Of The Wild With The Japanese Voiceover Community Review: The Nintendo Switch Why Spicy Food Makes You Feel High Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds The Sierra 10 Desktop The top 6 Australian brands selling into China via Tmall Packers tight end makes incredible 35-yard catch on his toes to help set up Packers win over the Cowboys 'I just want some water': Uncooperative smart-fridge is going off on Twitter Pauline Hanson has been 'gifted' tickets to Donald Trump's presidential inauguration ceremony © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,274.64 4.20 (0.18%) Dow 30 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Nasdaq 5,574.12 26.63 (0.48%) I just discovered GeoGuessr, a free mystery game that will show you the world David Pogue Yahoo FinanceJanuary 13, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share My son Kell came home from his Tufts winter break bearing a gift: an introduction to Geoguessr.com. This free internet game has actually been around since 2013, but it was new to me—and maybe even to you. You’ve heard of Google (GOOG, GOOGL) Street View, right? Google’s vans have spent the last 16 years driving the world’s streets, capturing 360-degree pictures of the world’s roads. So when you use Street View, you’re clicking along a photographic tour of every American or European road. It’s fantastic for checking out a neighborhood before you visit, seeing how ritzy someone’s neighborhood is, or practicing a trip you’ll have to make. Well, GeoGuessr, which was written by a Swedish IT consultant named Anton Wallén, is built on top of Street View. When you start the game, it plunks you down—somewhere in the world. Your job is simple: Figure out where you are! View photos Your challenge: Figure out where you are.More You’re looking for clues as you move along the road, turn around to look, or zoom in and out, using the arrow keys or the mouse. Sometimes, you’re plopped down in the proverbial middle of nowhere. An unpaved road through barren fields, empty for many, many miles. How on earth are you supposed to figure out where you are? Other times, you’ll have some clues right away. Maybe the white lines on the sides of the road are dashed instead of solid, telling you that you’re not in Kansas anymore (or even the United States). Maybe the cars sharing your road have really wide, skinny license plates—clearly a non-North American thing. Maybe a certain kind of trees, bushes, or crops give you a hint. Sometimes, it’s the architecture of the buildings or the design of the cars that give away the region you’re in. And occasionally, you strike gold: you spot a navigational sign that identifies the town you’re in, or a nearby one, or at least lets you know what language they speak here. View photos A language sample! It must be a sign!More Now, you can play GeoGuessr however you like. But in our family, you’re allowed to Google your clues. You can translate a sign, for example, or even look up a phone number or a local political candidate you spot on a poster. You might think that that kind of research kills the mystery, but it’s not quite that easy. OK, so you find a phone number on a billboard. You find out that it belongs to a plumbing company in an obscure town in Argentina. Well, great. But in GeoGuessr, once you think you know where you are (or you give up), you open a map of the world, zoom in, and click where you think GeoGuessr has dumped you. View photos I’m gonna say…Nebraska.More But even if you’ve Googled up the name of the little town, how are you supposed to find that town on the map? Once you guess, a results screen instantly shows you how close you were. You get 5,000 points if you’re on the nose, 0 points if you’re on the exact opposite side of the world, and anything between, depending on your proximity. View photos Oops—not quite. More like Iowa.More Read More You play five rounds, racking up the highest score you can. There are variations. For example, you can limit the quest to U.S. Cities, or European Stadiums, or Famous Places; none, in my view, are quite as exciting as the World version. There’s also a Pro version that lets you create your own maps. It’s $3 a month (presumably this is the business model). The Pro model is also supposed to eliminate ads, but guess what? In weeks of playing, I haven’t seen any ads! The Virtues of GeoGuessr GeoGuessr was a huge hit at this year’s annual Pogue multi-family holiday gathering (the assembled parents, siblings, and nieces and nephews of my wife and me). Using Apple TV, I broadcast my laptop’s screen to the TV so everyone could see. (There’s also a phone app version.) The cool thing is that the entire family can play this game. Oldsters who’ve traveled can chime in with what they know about the world. People who haven’t traveled can use their intellect. And even kids can spot clues. The fundamental appeal of GeoGuessr is, of course, that you’re solving a mystery—a real-world mystery. But secondarily, everyone is learning things. You pick up facts and cultural features, of course, but you’re also seeing the world at ground level. Even years into the existence of Street View, most people still picture other countries as maps on a page—not living, breathing, vibrant places with characters of their own. Play GeoGuessr enough times, and you begin to realize how vague a picture you had of other places in the world. Among other things, you learn that a lot of this planet is hot and dry. View photos Hot and dry, baby.More And that’s even without seeing anything in China, Russia, the Middle East, or most of Africa. Those are places that Google’s Street View vans aren’t allowed to trawl (thank you, nervous governments!), so those are places you won’t be dropped in GeoGeussr. That’s a colossal disappointment. But there’s still a lot of world left, a lot to see, a lot to learn, and a lot to share with your family and friends. You find yourself imagining what it’s like to live in these other places. You learn about the little things that define a place. You exclaim about the weird little design standards that have emerged in other societies. It’s an amazing game, it’s free, and it’s great for big or little groups. And if playing this game makes the rest of the world seem just a little less foreign and scary, well, I’d say there’s no better game for the world to play right about now. David Pogue, tech columnist for Yahoo Finance, welcomes non-toxic comments in the Comments below. On the web, he’s davidpogue.com. On Twitter, he’s @pogue. On email, he’s poguester@yahoo.com. You can read all his articles here, or you can sign up to get his columns by email.  Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Why Amazon's Echo is totally dominating — and what Google, Microsoft, and Apple have to do to catch up Business Insider Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Quora Question: Which Tech Giant is Poised for a Fall? Newsweek The best Chrome experiments to show off your browsing power Digital Trends Microsoft buys Canadian AI startup Maluuba AFP Relax News With DIRECTV, They'll Be Back. DIRECTV for BUSINESS™Sponsored Creator of Google's Android Wants To Make A New Smartphone International Business Times The 20 cities with the highest cost of living Yahoo Finance Jon Gruden reportedly rejected 3 teams in recent weeks and the reason suggests he will never coach in the NFL again Business Insider Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored 5 hot cars for 2017 (and a couple disappointments) Yahoo Finance The Big Economic Reports to Watch This Week Bloomberg Video Trump gets sworn in — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Trump offers to end some Russian sanctions for nuclear arms cut Reuters Check out these cars GM created in the 1980s with tech decades ahead of its time Business Insider NATO 'obsolete,' says Trump as he suggests Russia nuclear deal Steve: NATO will never be obsolete as long as Rusia is around and has a mindset to invade neighboring countries and ignore international law. That is what Russia did when it invaded Crimea and is supporting separatists in eastern Ukraine. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 139 Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,274.64 4.20 (0.18%) Dow 30 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Nasdaq 5,574.12 26.63 (0.48%) This new Google app will let your kids create their own cartoons Yahoo Finance January 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Google is launching a free app that will let kids draw, animate and narrate 3D cartoons. It’s called Toontastic 3D, and kids as young as 6 can create their own stories. Children choose things like “idea lab” in the app to get inspired or “science report” to help with a project for school. Google compares the app to a digital puppet theater with interactive 3D worlds. The sweet spot for the typical user is between 8 and 10 years old, but there’s no age limit on creativity, so adult kids can join in the fun as well. Source: http://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/   More Trending Tech: Industrial robot technology may soon be in your home Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Breast-pumping moms can now go wireless The world’s first 3-screen gaming laptop is mind-blowing Netflix has just helped improve your commute Apple’s plan to beat Google in the maps game Your next food delivery order could come from a robot You can now add cooking to the list of things Alexa can help you do This anti-drone gun looks like it can do some serious damage You could soon be using your smartphone to get cash from the ATM You may soon be able to use a drone to catch fish Amazon offers special deals through Alexa WhatsApp video calling is finally here You can now cast Harry Potter spells from your phone Apple reveals new MacBook Pro with Touch Bar This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Self-driving cars have hit Great Britain     Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Why Amazon's Echo is totally dominating — and what Google, Microsoft, and Apple have to do to catch up Business Insider Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Quora Question: Which Tech Giant is Poised for a Fall? Newsweek The best Chrome experiments to show off your browsing power Digital Trends Microsoft buys Canadian AI startup Maluuba AFP Relax News The No. 1 Stock to Own for 2017 The Sovereign InvestorSponsored Creator of Google's Android Wants To Make A New Smartphone International Business Times The 20 cities with the highest cost of living Yahoo Finance Jon Gruden reportedly rejected 3 teams in recent weeks and the reason suggests he will never coach in the NFL again Business Insider Why Mechanics Keep Old And Dead Batteries? (watch) EzBatteryReconditioning.comSponsored 5 hot cars for 2017 (and a couple disappointments) Yahoo Finance Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Reuters The Big Economic Reports to Watch This Week Bloomberg Video 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Trump gets sworn in — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Trump offers to end some Russian sanctions for nuclear arms cut Reuters NATO 'obsolete,' says Trump as he suggests Russia nuclear deal Steve: NATO will never be obsolete as long as Rusia is around and has a mindset to invade neighboring countries and ignore international law. That is what Russia did when it invaded Crimea and is supporting separatists in eastern Ukraine. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 139 Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
About Contact Archives Tip Us Off Subscribe Tip Us Off Subscribe f t g About Contact Archives 9552 Breaking News Stories 179k+ Social Media Followers 19.9k+ RSS Subscribers Breaking More Pirated Movie Screeners Leak Online On: 15/01/2017 Comments: 0 Porn Pirate Sites Use ‘Backdoor’ to Host Videos on YouTube By Ernesto on January 14, 2017 C: 0 News Adult themed streaming sites are using a loophole in Google's services to store infringing material at no cost. Google's servers are increasingly being used as a hosting platform, by exploiting YouTube's private publishing backdoor. With YouTube as one of its flagship services, Google has a dominant market share when it comes to online video. However, behind the scenes it is also becoming a primary source for pirate streaming sites, generating millions of views per day. While it’s no secret that there are pirated videos on YouTube, there is an even greater concern for copyright holders behind the scenes. As highlighted before, streaming sites often use Google’s services as a hosting ‘provider.’ On YouTube, they likely upload material without publicly publishing it. Instead, they grab “private” direct links to these videos and embed them on their websites. These videos are served directly from the GoogleVideo.com domain without being listed on YouTube. This means that they also bypass the Content-ID takedown system. Interestingly, the adult community has discovered this trick as well. While YouTube doesn’t allow people to upload porn, there are many adult sites that use the site as a hosting provider. This hasn’t gone unnoticed by the California-based adult producer Dreamroom Productions, which is very active on the anti-piracy front. “There is a big loophole on YouTube. Copyright infringers take advantage of a private-video-share setting. They upload and store videos, and freely use them on third party websites to earn profits,” the company informed us. According to Dreamroom, the embedded videos are available on a wide variety of streaming sites. Since the content is not publicly listed on YouTube it’s harder to take down. A typical link, tied to an IP-address and with an expiry time While the content is eventually removed, the adult producer says that this can take up to three weeks. However, instead of removing the videos they would rather have YouTube plug this hole, to stop the abuse once and for all. “YouTube should be aware of this. They are allowing the situation to continue by not plugging this hole, which could be done by disabling the sharing function of videos under those special settings.” TorrentFreak contacted Google several weeks ago asking for a comment, but the company has yet to release an official statement. As said before, the issue isn’t limited to adult content or even YouTube. The Google hosting ‘exploit’ has been and still is used by a wide variety of popular streaming sites, with some clearly revealing what their sources are. Googlevideo.com…. Google’s own Transparency Report also shows that the search giant received tens of thousands of notices for the Googlevideo.com domain. These links typically have source=youtube or source=drive as a referrer. The latter suggests that videos are also uploaded to Google’s cloud hosting service, Drive. For pirate streaming sites the trick provides a cheap way to store videos, although they still have plenty of other options as well. According to Dreamroom, however, YouTube itself could very well be the largest pirate service of all now. “The world biggest TUBE site may have become one of the world’s largest databases of copyright infringing material,” a company spokesperson said. Tagged in: dreamroom, google, streaming, youtube Newer Post Older Post Share this post: You may also like: Audible Magic Accuses YouTube of Fraud Over Content ID Trademark IFPI Sneers at YouTube’s $1 Billion Music Industry Revenue Payout YouTube Are Criminal Piracy Racketeers, Grammy Winner Says c There are 0 comments. Add yours? comment policy Sponsors Popular Posts Top 10 Most Popular Torrent Sites of 2017 Which VPN Services Take Your Anonymity Seriously? 2016 Edition What Are The Best Anonymous VPN Services? 5 Ways To Download Torrents Anonymously Most Commented Posts ‘Game of Thrones’ Most Torrented TV-Show of 2016 0 ‘Deadpool’ is the Most Torrented Movie of 2016 0 Top 10 Most Popular Torrent Sites of 2017 0 Google Removed Over 900 Million ‘Pirate’ Links in 2016 0 New Tool Downloads Any Netflix Video Instantly 0 VPN Reviews Copyright CC and Privacy Designed by RyanDownie Built by Van Patten Media
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carlynton Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB Riverhounds - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Kevin Gorman News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress The Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Donald Boudreaux From fiction to reality in 30 years Donald J. Boudreaux | Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017, 9:00 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Among the Christmas gifts that my 19-year-old son, Thomas, received this year is one that he bought for himself: For $129, he got a Google Home device. Physically, it's a nondescript item that's shaped and sized like a soup can. But its powers are impressive! Say “Hey Google” — then ask a question, such as “When was the first newspaper published in America?” A pleasant female voice answers. (“The first newspaper published in America was in Boston on September 25th, 1690.”) With Google Home in my home, I feel very much like Captain Picard on the starship Enterprise. The only difference is that Capt. Picard prefaced each question that he asked his fictional 24th-century supercomputer with “Computer,” while I preface each of my questions with “Hey Google.” Some of the finest science-fiction fantasies of the 1980s are today affordable realities for ordinary Americans. Yet we continue to be told by pundits and politicians — left, right and center — that ordinary Americans' material standard of living today is no higher than it was when the late Gene Roddenberry first revived his famed TV-show franchise. (“Hey Google, when did ‘Star Trek: The Next Generation' first air?” Answer: “September 28th, 1987.”) Google Home is no mere toy. It's got an amazingly high-quality speaker, making Google Home also a great music system. But even if you insist on regarding Google Home — or its competitor, Amazon's Echo — as little more than an elaborate knickknack, the very fact that our economy makes such knickknacks available at affordable prices testifies to our economy's astonishing wealth. Only an extraordinarily wealthy society can afford to devote significant amounts of resources and human creativity to the development and production for mass distribution of elaborate knickknacks. Yet ironically, Americans' immense prosperity in 2017 is revealed most vividly in riches that are difficult to see if you aren't looking for them. Most of what makes Americans today materially far richer than Americans of 1987 are things that are so familiar now that we take them for granted. Consider just some of the goods and services that were unavailable to ordinary Americans 30 years ago: individual-serve coffee-makers (“Keurigs”), high-definition televisions, downloadable and streaming music, movies and TV shows, Lasik surgery, Viagra, smartphones, GPS navigation, laptop computers, the Internet. Each of these items was attention-grabbing when first introduced. But they all became so widespread so quickly that they are today part of our landscape. Even more hidden from view are smaller innovations that were either nonexistent or very rare 30 years ago. One of my favorites is plastic garbage bags, each with its own internal drawstring. An even better relatively small innovation involved beer. Most beer in 1987 was mass-produced stuff that, brewed with a taste to be drinkable by nearly everyone, had a taste that was distinctive and interesting to no one. Today, of course, store shelves bend under the weight of a seemingly infinite variety of delicious craft-brewed beers and ales. So grab your favorite brew and raise a glass to the human ingenuity and free markets that continue to increase our prosperity. Donald J. Boudreaux is a professor of economics and Getchell Chair at George Mason University in Fairfax, Va. His column appears twice monthly. More Donald Boudreaux columns Tyranny's misleading phrases A loss for Americans & Mexicans Mr. Trump, don't build those walls! Government 'experts' destroy expert government Free trade & red herrings TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Penn Hills senior who excelled in class, football dies in car crash Ask the voters: What kind of president will Trump be? Sheltered workshops for disabled face uncertainty from proposed Pennsylvania rules Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Wildcard Win and Orthodox Christmas (Jan. 2 - Jan. 8) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Toggle navigation News Featured Bob Garfield: Garfield at Large Barbara Lippert: MadBlog MediaPost Week in Review Online Spin Current Stories MediaPost Home Today's News Today's Opinions Agencies & The Agency Business MAD: MediaPost's Agency Daily Accounts in Review Events Calendar Out to Launch People on the Move MEDIApsssst Stan Mack's Real Mad MAD - London Online Media, Marketing and Advertising OMMA Today Daily Online Examiner PolicyBlog Email Marketing Daily Email Insider EU Email Marketing Daily Email Insider Europe MobileMarketingDaily MoBlog Mobile Shop Talk Mobile Insider Search Marketing Daily SearchBlog Search Insider Social Media & Marketing Daily The Social Graf Social Insider Online Media, Marketing and Advertising Real-Time Daily RTBlog RTB500 Programmatic Insider Data & Targeting Insider Video Daily VidBlog Video Critique Video Insider Publishing & Publishers Publishers Daily The Daily Blog Publishing Insider Supply Side Insider Native Insider Futures IoT Daily Connected Thinking VR/AR Insider AI Insider Media Buying/Planning/Research & The Media MediaDailyNews Audience Buying Insider Metrics Insider Research Brief TelevisionNewsDaily TVBlog TV Watch TV Everywhere Brand and Product Marketing MarketingDaily Thom Forbes: Top of the News Engage Target Market Newsletters Affluent,Boomers,Millennials, Hispanics,Men,Moms,Teens Industry Sector Newsletters Automotive,Causes,CPG, Entertainment,Green,Health, Politics,Sports,Travel Marketing Tools & Strategies Content Marketing,Cross-Channel Events Events Home 2017 Events Calendar Upcoming Events Marketing: Politics January 17, 2017, DC Masters of Media Selling January 18 - 19, 2017, NYC Online All Stars January 19, 2017, NY Agency of the Year January 25, 2017, NYC Creative Media Awards January 26, 2017, New York City OMMA Atlanta February 22, 2017, ATL Brand Marketers Summit - Cross-Channel March 7 - 10, 2017, Austin OMMA at SXSW March 11, 2017, TX Appy Awards March 15, 2017, NY TV Insider Summit March 19 - 22, 2017, AZ Marketing: Automotive April 12, 2017, NYC Marketing Automotive Awards April 12, 2017, NYC Data & Programmatic Insider Summit April 23 - 26, 2017, FL Search Insider Summit April 26 - 29, 2017, FL Outfront Forum May 3, 2017, NYC IoT Marketing Awards May 17, 2017, NYC Email Insider Summit May 31 - June 3, 2017, FL Publishing Insider Summit June 4 - 7, 2017, FL Email Insider Summit Europe June 25 - 28, 2017, TBD Search Insider Summit Europe June 28 - July 1, 2017, EU Digital Out of Home Awards September 19, 2017, NYC Recently Concluded Search Insider Summit December 7 - 10, 2016, UT Email Insider Summit December 4 - 7, 2016, UT OMMA Denver November 17, 2016, CO TV Insider Summit October 16 - 19, 2016, Mohonk More Events Content Marketing Insider Summit Cross-Channel Marketing Insider Summit Future of Media IoT Marketing Forum IOT: Shopping IOT:Beacons Marketing Sports: Soccer in America Marketing: Health Mobile Insider Summit OMMA at Advertising Week OMMA at Internet Week OMMA Attribution OMMA Audience Buying OMMA Awards OMMA Bots & Chat OMMA Chicago OMMA LA OMMA Marketing Tech OMMA mCommerce OMMA Miami OMMA Programmatic OMMA Programmatic in New York OMMA Programmatic TV OMMA San Francisco OMMA Social OMMA Video OMMA VR/AR Social Media Insider Summit The Reckoning Video Insider Summit Awards Awards Home Online All Stars (January 19, 2017, NY) Agency of the Year (January 25, 2017, NYC) Creative Media Awards (January 26, 2017, New York City) Appy Awards (March 15, 2017, NY) Marketing Automotive Awards (April 12, 2017, NYC) Digital Out of Home Awards (September 19, 2017, NYC) OMMA Awards (September 26, 2016, NYC) Members Become A MediaPost Member Subscribe to your choice of industry specific newsletters, save $100 on conferences, search member directories, comment on stories and more. Free to qualified media, marketing and advertising professionals. Join Now Member Resources All Member Directory Manage My Account Manage My Subscriptions More Additional Resources Feedback Loop (Comments) Job Postings Research Briefs Whitepapers Industry Events About and Contacts About MediaPost Contact Editorial Privacy/Terms Media Kit Sitemap Search Advanced Search Sign in Username Password Remember me Forgot your password? Register Now Advertise Commentary How the Media Landscape Will Change in 2017 by Michael Friedenberg, Op-Ed Contributor, January 12, 2017, 9:00 AM Recommend (4) If we learned nothing else about the media industry in 2016, we know change will continue to roil our business with the introduction of new players, new technology and innovative methods of creating sustainable growth. In the last year, AT&T announced its intention to acquire Time Warner, fake news became a persistent thorn in the side of platforms like Facebook, Tribune Publishing became Tronc, and politicians rewrote the rules of engaging the media during a presidential campaign. The next 12 months promise to bring just as much change. Here are predictions for the industry and what we can expect to see unfold in 2017. 1. Google and/or Facebook acquire a major media studio/company Google and Facebook now get 85 cents of every new online advertising dollar, creating a duopoly that's altering the landscape of nearly every industry the two companies touch. Increasingly, the line between platform and publisher is blurring, and the landscape is littered with media companies that tried to build on the backs of the platforms. The natural progression for these behemoths is to move beyond collecting advertising revenue and acquire the content via a media studio/company that will further fuel their growth. They have the cash, the scale, and the cache to easily make this happen. 2. M&A will accelerate as marketing tech and ad tech converges We’ve been anticipating the consolidation in the marketing tech and ad tech ecosystems for some time now, and 2017 is the year we’ll see this trend accelerate. There are too many players who cannot make it on their own, too many fragmented solutions and, for the sake of transparency and simplification, a desire among clients to work with fewer partners.  3. Horizontal and vertical publishers thrive while the middle ground dies General-interest publishers are starving for air, due to the vacuum created by the Facebook and Google duopoly. Unless you are one of the biggest names in the industry (ex. Verizon/AOL/Yahoo or AT&T/Time Warner), highly specialized verticals and niche publishers with a laser-like focus on their audiences have the best chance of survival. (ex. Vox, IDG)  Going forward, survival is dependent on being hyper-horizontal or hyper-vertical. The middle ground will ultimately die out. 4. The new structural reality for media Breaking down silos and fostering a work environment that enables speed, agility, collaboration and innovation is essential to media’s future success. Companies like Bloomberg, Conde Nast, Hearst, Meredith, and Time are all implementing similar strategies of centralizing back-office operations, standardizing technology platforms, and resetting their commercial engine to sell audiences rather than brands. 2017 will show how this business model addresses our current market reality and if this structure works best for readers, advertisers, and employees. 5. Transparency or Doom It is no secret trust in the media is at the lowest it’s ever been. The 2016 election highlighted many trends the industry has long been side-stepping – chiefly the rise of fake news and misinformation. This epidemic compromises all publishers and will continue to do so. Add a clear lack of transparency between the advertiser, agency and the media ad-buying ecosystem, and the years of trust will dissolve instantaneously. If the media industry is going to emerge from these tumultuous times with integrity, transparency must be the first challenge we address. 167 SHARES Tags: ad technology, commentary, media, online publishing, social media Recommend (4) Print RSS All content published by MediaPost is determined by our editors 100% in the interest of our readers ... independent of advertising, sponsorships or other considerations. Leave a Comment More Top Stories Canada Dry TV Spots Urge Gen Y To 'Relax Harder' Karlene Lukovitz NFL's First Playoff Week, Wildcard Games Net Lower Ad Revs, Viewers Wayne Friedman OMMA Agency Of The Year: Huge Joe Mandese FTC Chair Edith Ramirez To Step Down In February Wendy Davis 'BuzzFeed' Sells Merchandise With Trump's 'Garbage' Claim Sara Guaglione Obama In New 360-Degree White House Tour Out Now P.J. Bednarski Sprint Conducts Media Review Steve McClellan Apple To Push Original Content Gavin O'Malley 'Variety' Launches Branded Content Studio Sara Guaglione‹› MICHAEL FRIEDENBERG CEO, IDG Communications Subscribe to MediaDailyNews More from MediaDailyNews IAB: Digital, TV, Radio Improve Purchase Intent By 90% Apple To Push Original Content Digital-Savvy Gen Z Consumers Cling To Physical Stores, Brand Experiences Tech Spending Growth Revised To 3.2% In 2017 Artificial Intelligence Fund Focuses On Ethical Usage Olympics Help Push Global OOH Ad Spend Up 6.2% Today's Most Read Stories 'BuzzFeed' Sells Merchandise With Trump's 'Garbage' Claim 'Buy Bean,' Trump Tweets Obama In New 360-Degree White House Tour Out Now A Million Little Manila Envelopes: Truth, 'Compromot,' Fake News Why Burberry, BMW Are Getting Into The Short Film Business Archive January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 All Archives > July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 About MediaPost MediaKit Contact Editorial RSS Feeds Sitemap Privacy/Terms & Conditions ©2017 MediaPost Communications. All rights reserved. 1460 Broadway, New York, NY 10036 tel. 212-204-2000, fax 917-591-3261, feedback@mediapost.com   Google+
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments4 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Transportation TSA team works to ensure inauguration safety with library of ‘virtual’ sites The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it A construction worker looks at scaffolding being put up Jan. 11, 2017, near the Lincoln Memorial in Washington as part of a stage to be used in the inauguration festivities for President-elect Donald Trump. (Andrew Caballero-Reynolds/AFP/Getty Images) By Lori Aratani January 14 Follow @loriara For nearly a week in November, Jim Bamberger and his crew of six spent their days and some of their nights photographing every square inch of Dulles International Airport. Runways. Restrooms. Stairwells. Click. Click. Click. Within a month, the thousands of images they captured over 55 hours were stitched together to recreate a 360-degree virtual version of Dulles. It was another entry in a vast catalogue of important Washington-area sites that the Transportation Security Administration has put together to help officials with the massive security effort surrounding Inauguration Day. The files offer officials a bird’s-eye view of landmarks such as Union Station, as well as all 91 Metrorail stations, enabling them to identify potential trouble spots and coordinate how they might respond to an incident. Some agencies also use the collection as a training tool for personnel who may not be familiar with particular buildings or rail stations. [Tips for getting around during the inauguration] “Think of it as virtual reality that allows you to travel through any transportation asset as if you were there,” said Bamberger, a risk specialist with the TSA, an agency of the Department of Homeland Security. With as many as a million people expected to come to Washington for Donald Trump’s inauguration Friday, and some 200,000 people expected to take part in the Women’s March the following day, security will be tight. Officials once used blueprints to identify potential vulnerabilities in a system, but Bamberger said IVIEW, which stands for Intermodal Virtual Imaging Enhancement Workshop, offers capabilities that go well beyond tools of the past. Up close, IVIEW is like a souped-up version of Google Earth, which Bamberger called “a good reference point.” But IVIEW, he said, goes beyond letting people explore a place. “It’s Google with a lot more tactical enhancements,” Bamberger said. Snapping open his laptop, he called up the interior of Cleveland Hopkins International Airport for a demonstration. Clicking on the side of his screen, he simulated an explosion inside the terminal. Toggling around the airport’s interior, he was able to speculate on where the smoke might float, examine the building’s ventilation systems and identify the best ways for rescuers to enter the building and perform evacuations. Details matter — right down to where the hinges are on a door, which can affect where debris might fly in the event of an explosion or how a rescuer might move into a situation, Bamberger said. IVIEW offers users the ability to create scenarios and learn from them. [Here’s what’s happening in and around D.C. during the inauguration] “It gives you more situational awareness,” said Metro Transit Police Chief Ronald Pavlik in a YouTube video about the project. “How to prepare, what kind of equipment you might need, the challenges you might face before you even get there. No matter what the event is, there’s always going to be a need to use it.” The TSA began capturing sites in 2011, starting with airports, then moving to mass-transit and freight-rail systems. Bamberger said another benefit of IVIEW is that it offers first responders unfamiliar with a site a quick way to get a read on a situation. “If I’m in a firetruck and I have a fire on the tarmac, I can basically see on a computer in my vehicle how to come through the tarmac, what gates I can access from the field, the ability to find alternate routes into an incident [at a site] I may not be intimately familiar with,” Bamberger said. While the upcoming inauguration was at the top of the TSA team’s minds as they recently moved slowly through Dulles, their work is far-reaching. The agency’s library includes airports, train and rail stations across the country. It has been used by law enforcement officials from coast to coast. Officials in Philadelphia used TSA virtual models to help plan for Pope Francis’s 2015 visit, as did officials in Cleveland to prepare for the Republican National Convention last year. In all, more than 1,000 mapped sites are stored in the TSA’s library. The work to capture the images is far from glamorous. Armed with cameras and tripods, Bamberger’s team, which includes William Welch, Esperanza Espinosa, Chase Carpenter, Emily Burggraf and Mark Rains, proceeded systematically through the airport. “It pays to have chemistry with these guys because you’re spending an inordinate amount of time doing the same thing, moving in circles over the course of eight to 10 days,” said Welch, a section chief for the IVIEW program. But the payoff is real. “This is the greatest job in all of TSA,” Welch said. “This is one of the things that we do that we get a chance to see how it’s being applied. When we share it with our stakeholders, our operatives in the field, their faces when they get a new tool that is great to use, innovative, it’s amazing.” local trafficandcommuting Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local trafficandcommuting Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 4 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Lori Aratani writes about how people live, work and play in the D.C. region for The Post’s Transportation and Development team. Follow @loriara 4 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 Trump transition team says it asked D.C. National Guard general to stay 2 A gynecologist secretly photographed patients. What’s their pain worth? 3 Head of D.C. National Guard to be removed from post in middle of inauguration 4 Meet the biker hosting the biggest pro-Trump demonstration at the inauguration 5 Rep. John Lewis’s books sell out following Donald Trump’s attacks Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local trafficandcommuting Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs director, business development General Dynamics sr systems engineer General Dynamics sql database administrator General Dynamics washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues. Security grid for inauguration means thousands of polic… How to get to — or around — Inauguration Day festivitie… TSA team works to ensure inauguration safety with libra… D.C. National Guard general to be forced out during ina… Meet the biker hosting the biggest pro-Trump demonstrat… Who’s covering up the logos on the inauguration portabl… Who’s covering up the logos on the inauguration portabl… Leading the Marine Band in the inaugural parade Head of D.C. National Guard to be removed from post in … With $90 million raised, Trump’s inaugural team is read… This is how different D.C. neighborhoods feel about Tru… Toby Keith, 3 Doors Down have signed on for an inaugura… Some upset over National Cathedral’s decision to partic… Meet the President-elect, Vice President-elect inaugura… Your guide to inauguration demonstrations, marches and … Men are slow to show support for the Women’s March. Is … City parking permits for 200 buses are being sought for… ACLU releases a guide on how to interact with police fo… The inaugural parade announcer since Eisenhower wasn’t … The Women’s March needs passion and purpose, not pink p… Trump: Inauguration is going to be 'a very, very elegan… Here’s what’s happening in D.C. on (and around) Inaugur… So, have Trump inauguration planners just given up on t… Some in D.C. don’t want to watch Trump’s victory lap. S… Inauguration Day: How do I get to work in D.C.? The power of the presidential oath and how Donald Trump… For liberal groups, inauguration weekend will be a time… What we know about Trump’s inauguration so far The inaugural parade has had the same voice since Eisen… People can start getting their inauguration ceremony ti… Who is and isn't performing at Trump's inauguration It started with a retiree. Now the Women’s March could … Trump inaugural parade to spotlight military and police… Paula White, prosperity preacher once investigated by S… At Trump’s inauguration, Franklin Graham, Cardinal Dola… 'Women's March on Washington' organizer emphasizes incl… Rockettes aren’t being forced to perform at Trump’s ina… Washington’s top-tier hotels are selling out fast for T… Do it for the country? Or don’t do it at all? The dilem… As the 58th inauguration approaches, a look back at how… Following tradition, Trump plans to attend church with … Want to know all about the inauguration? Here’s where y… Trump’s inaugural committee launches website and social… For 40 years, the president-elect has spent Inauguratio… Women’s March on Washington officially has a permit for… Rev. Al Sharpton to host rally ahead of inauguration: ‘… Military leaders say inauguration will be steeped in tr… Why Jackie Evancho is an obvious choice to sing the nat… What federal land did Obama use during his inauguration… Here’s how permitting works for demonstrators on inaugu… The Women’s March on Washington says it has secured a s… Thinking of cashing in on inauguration by renting your … D.C. prepares for a million inauguration visitors — and…
Photos Videos Topics Live BAN 160/9 (57.5) - NZ 539/10 (148.2) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi BCCI Dangal Tej Bahadur Singh Mahendra Singh Dhoni Home Sci/Tech Microsoft buys Canadian AI startup Maluuba Microsoft has bought a Canadian firm specializing in conversational AI. (AFP - Image Courtesy) Shares4 Sun, 15 Jan 2017-10:44am , AFP Apple, Samsung, Google and Microsoft are all vying to develop the most sophisticated connected assistant. Microsoft announced Friday a deal to buy Maluuba, a Montreal startup focused on making machines able to think the way people do. Bringing on board Maluuba co-founders Kaheer Suleman and Sam Pasupalak, along with their team from the startup, was intended to accelerate Microsoft's "ability to develop software so computers can read, write and converse naturally," the company said. Microsoft did not disclose financial terms of the acquisition. "Maluuba's vision is to advance toward a more general artificial intelligence by creating literate machines that can think, reason and communicate like humans -- a vision exactly in line with ours," Microsoft artificial intelligence and research group executive vice president Harry Shum said in a blog post. "I'm incredibly excited about the scenarios that this acquisition could make possible in conversational AI." Tech giants Apple, Samsung, Google and Microsoft are all vying to develop the most sophisticated connected assistant -- working to give software the ability to understand what people say and even anticipate desires or needs. Amazon virtual assistant Alexa was a star at the Consumer Electronics Show gadget gala last week in Las Vegas. Amazon and Alexa face fierce competition. At CES, computer chipmaker Nvidia said it would use Google Assistant for its interactive streaming devices. Microsoft's Cortana will power a voice-assistant speaker for kids and families being introduced by Mattel, and will also be in Renault-Nissan's connected car hub. Samsung's smart refrigerator, which acts as a connected hub -- with a voice activation system unveiled at CES -- uses the South Korean giant's Tizen operating system. Many smart devices for the home also integrate with Apple Home Kit, which uses the iPhone maker's artificial intelligence and voice assistant Siri. At CES, Chinese giant Baidu showcased its own virtual assistant "Little Fish" which will debut in China this year. TOP TOP < PM Modi-led panel to meet tomorrow to select CBI chief   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech WhatsApp denies 'backdoor' vulnerability claims Sci/Tech SpaceX launches first rocket since September explosion Sci/Tech Obama thanks NASA for taking his sign to Mars Sci/Tech 'Big chill' after asteroid strike likely killed dinosaurs Sci/Tech SpaceX counts down to first launch after rocket explosion Sci/Tech Nintendo announces paid online subscription service for Switch Next Article > Guess who will replace Farhan Akhtar in Akshay Kumar starrer Gold! < Previous ArticleNext Article > PM Modi-led panel to meet tomorrow to select CBI chief Live Cricket Score Live BAN 160/9 (57.5), 595/8 (152) BAN lead by 216 runs NZ 539/10 (148.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node Guess who will replace Farhan Akhtar in Akshay Kumar starrer Gold! Related Microsoft introduces new, improved version of Windows 10 to Windows Insider testers Amazon Alexa virtual assistant shines at CES 2017 CES 2017: Microsoft announces Connected Vehicle Platform Video ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! View all Tags Microsoft Maluuba Artificial Intelligence Ai CES 2017 Amazon Alexa Nvidia Cortana SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Trump's team says report that he will meet Putin at summit is 'completely false' Goa elections 2017: BJP minister Ramesh Tawadkar quits cabinet, set to join MGP Yadav vs Yadav: EC likely to give order on SP symbol dispute on Monday Patna boat tragedy: CM Nitish Kumar holds review meeting Ceasefire violation will be responded befittingly with 'force': Army Chief Rawat Sport Ind vs Eng: From 'Dhoni 7' to 'Virat 18', India start new era with win #MUNLIV | WATCH: Improvising Ibrahimovic rescues draw for United against Liverpool Srinivasan to meet district secretaries to discuss about the next TNCA chief Mumbai Marathon lives up to city's excitement I was in awe: Virat Kohli describes MoM Kedar Jadhav's innings Entertainment Ayesha’s act of benevolence Shraddha-Aditya: Good news, bad news Salman's Dabangg 3 to roll in January 2018 Amitabh Bachchan steps in for Sanjay Dutt in Badlaa It's official: Ranbir Kapoor's Sanjay Dutt biopic to CLASH with Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif's 'Tiger Zinda Hai' Money Fourth rise in six weeks, Petrol price up by 42 paisa/litre FICCI report suggests 44 airports have 'high potential' to operate under Regional Connectivity Scheme Economic Affairs Secretary threatens Amazon, later says he tweeted in personal capacity Renting homes may be more beneficial than buying World Economic Forum: Karan Johar, Shakira to jive for social cause Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Winter Storm Moving Across the Central US Kittens Play in 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Skiers Hit the Slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. View of the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. World Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Watch Bus Drivers Working Alongside Silicon Valley Millionaires Struggle to Afford Rent, Some Sleep in Cars By MURIEL PEARSON Lauren Effron Close Follow on Twitter More from Lauren Lauren Pearle Close Follow on Twitter More from Lauren Jan 13, 2017, 6:18 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayABC News WATCH Contract Employees in Silicon Valley Struggle to Make Ends Meet: Part 4 0 Shares Email Silicon Valley is a shining beacon of American success, home to some of the most profitable and innovative companies in the world, including Google, Facebook, PayPal, Oracle and Apple. Many employees at these tech giants enjoy large paychecks and a host of perks ranging from free dry cleaning to free food to gyms on site. But there are thousands of other people working alongside them who don’t make enough money to afford housing near their jobs so many sleep in their cars between shifts. Some sleep in their cars because they are homeless. Watch the Diane Sawyer report, "My Reality: A Hidden America," in a special edition of ABC News "20/20" on Friday, Jan. 13 at 10 p.m. ET Terrence Rollins is a 51-year-old bus driver who drives the shuttles that ferry tech employees across Silicon Valley to company campuses. He only has a few hours a night at home before he has to be back at work. “I love my job,” Rollins said. “I get up at 3 [a.m.], I make it home about 11, 10 o’clock at night, and I’m constantly traveling. I mean, I have to take care of my family.” The bus drivers who spoke with ABC News starting in 2015 work for independent contractors hired by tech companies. When we first met these drivers, they said their jobs provided few benefits and didn't offer paid company holidays. Some drivers are contracted to work what’s called a “split shift,” meaning they arrive for work at 6 a.m. to take tech employees to their offices, then have to wait around for a number of hours, unpaid, until it’s time to take the employees back home at the end of the day. These drivers work and are paid for a total of eight hours but over a 16-hour period. They said the houses they can afford on their wages are too far away for them to get home between shifts, so many of them stay in their cars or nap at the bus depot. In the bus depot where he is based, Rollins said there was one room with two beds for female drivers and another room with two beds for male drivers. But it wasn't enough to accommodate the 35 to 40 drivers there on any given day. “It’s just awful when you park inside and you have drivers covering their cars’ [windows] with blankets and towels,” said another driver named Jimmy. Since ABC News began this report a year and a half ago, some service workers have unionized and their employers have worked with tech companies to raise wages and offer better benefits to many contract workers who lived at the edge of poverty. These workers are an example of a growing trend in the U.S., in which large corporations contract out service jobs from other companies. Scott Peebles, another driver ABC News spoke to in 2015, said he had been sleeping on an air mattress in his car for months. Peebles used a windshield reflector to help block out the light from the parking lot streetlamps while he slept. “This is foreign to me,” he said, gesturing to his car. “It’s not the way you’re supposed to live. No, it’s just a mirror of society that we’re in right now and that’s -- I’m probably part of millions of people that are doing this.” “It’s sad that it comes down to this,” Peebles continued. “I mean, if people would know this, if corporations of businesses they work for, they would probably be aghast that their employees were living in a car or a van.” At night, if they needed a restroom, the drivers would get out of their cars and walk into the bus depot. Under union pressures and publicity about drivers receiving few benefits, Facebook now requires contractors to pay contract employees a minimum of $15 an hour, 15 days of paid time off, and a $4,000 stipend for new parents if their contractors don’t provide parental leave. Apple and Google followed suit with announcing 25 percent wage increases for all drivers. Many security jobs are also now contracted out. Michael Johnson, who worked as a security guard for several companies, told ABC News the job has changed over the years. “When I first started there were paid vacation, paid holidays, lots of times we got bonuses,” Johnson said. “It was like a regular job, it’s just that you were contract-working. You were treated like one of the gang.” Eventually, Johnson said at the time he stopped receiving paid vacation time or paid sick leave and the hourly rate dropped. “It was incredible what was happening,” he said. “It seemed like it just happened overnight.” In Silicon Valley, amidst the luxury homes, the streets are lined with service workers who live in RVs and trailers. “The folks that are living in these RVs, they are part of the low-wage economy that’s created around the tech industry,” said activist Derecka Mehrens. “There’s a real connection between these families and what happens in the industry.” Some experts on contract workers say some of the jobs provide opportunities that didn’t exist before. Arthur Brooks of the Conservative American Enterprise Institute said,many workers "say that it gives them flexibility. Many of them are immigrants.” But Tamara Draut, Vice President of Demos, a progressive think tank, disagreed that contracting and subcontracting helps workers, arguing that “in each link down that chain, the pressures grow to lower labor costs.” Irma Alvarado is 72 years old and says she spent her life cleaning the offices at Visa, working the night shift from 6 p.m. to 2:30 a.m. She shares a small house with her children and grandchildren. She is a legal immigrant who says she has lived and worked in the U.S. nearly 30 years. When ABC News spoke to her in 2015, Alvarado said it was hard to watch Visa employees throw away food she would love to have and to see them take vacations. She said she once saw a $7,000 check lying on a desk, and was surprised at the gap between her pay and theirs. In a statement to ABC News, Visa said their janitorial staff is contracted through a third party vendor. “All wages, bonuses and benefits are handled directly by the service vendors,” the statement said. “We greatly appreciate their work and dedication to our facilities.” Her grandchildren say they still believe in the American dream. Her grandson Danny said he would like to be an astronaut one day. But for now, he said he just wants a drawer to himself. “It’s hard living in the house because you don’t have that much room, gets crowded,” he said. “I would have a drawer to put all my clothes in.” About half of American adults lived in middle-income households in 2014, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of government data. Pew Research offers an income calculator feature on their website that allows you to see whether you are part of the American middle class. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Bus Drivers Ferrying Silicon Valley Tech Elite Struggle to Afford Rent +Why Thousands of Low-Income Americans 'Donate' Their Blood Plasma +When Working 2 Fast Food Jobs, 16 Hours a Day Still Isn't Enough " Reince Priebus Calls John Lewis' Criticism of Trump 'Irresponsible' " CIA Director Warns Trump: Be 'Very Disciplined' With Public Remarks " Meet Thumbelina, a Tiny Chihuahua Who Weighs Only 1.54 Pounds " 8-Year-Old Battling Cancer Gets Birthday Wish to See Amazon Facility " Twin's Mom Reacts to Emotional Reunion: 'It Didn't Feel Real' " Man Finds Forgotten Lotto Ticket, Wins $1 Million " Newlyweds Nail Iconic 'Dirty Dancing' Routine at Wedding " 2 Women Share How They Collectively Lost 100s of Pounds " Americans Think Obama, Kennedy, Reagan Gave Best Inaugural Speeches " Standing in for the Incoming President and First Lady at Inauguration Rehearsal " Jennifer Holliday Pulls Out of Trump's Inauguration After Backlash President Obama's Inauguration Day Plans " 5 Takeaways From Scathing Department of Justice Report on Chicago Policing " When Working 2 Fast Food Jobs, 16 Hours a Day Still Isn't Enough " Paris Jackson Pleased, 'Surprised' Network Canceled Michael Jackson Episode
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Dealhacker: 20% Off Lego Sets On Ebay Plan For The Sequence Of Return Risk To Make Your Retirement Savings Last Beware The Bandwagon Effect When Buying A Car How Small Actions Help You Take Control Of Your Finances Home Why Spicy Food Makes You Feel High 4 Things That Happen When You Skip Breakfast Not All Non-Dairy Milks Are Worth Making Yourself The Trick To Perfectly Crispy Ground Meat Is To Leave It Alone Entertainment Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date Trick Your Friends And Family With These 10 Bets You'll Always Win The Dungeons & Dragons Background Music Playlist The Best Controllers For Retro Gaming Travel Language Learning Showdown: Rosetta Stone Vs. Duolingo Use The Fibonacci Sequence To Quickly Convert Between Miles And Kilometres Thinking Cap: Podcasts, Articles And Clips To Make You Smarter Focus on These Four Factors To Make The Most Of A Holiday Health Learn What Breast Cancer Can Look Like With This Cute Image Visit Museums To Boost Your Empathy Focus On One Resolution A Month To Accomplish More Overall A Beginner's Guide To Strap-On Systems Design The Sierra 10 Desktop Get To Know Everything About Multimeters With This Guide Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Safely Use Any Bag As A Camera Bag Work Productivity IINA Is Mac-Focused Video Player With Modern Design Wayback Machine For Chrome Finds Archived Copies Of Broken Links Right Click Enhancer Adds A Ton Of Useful Options To Your Context Menu How To Refuse Extra Work Without Annoying Your Boss [Infographic] Communicate How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds Don't Be Afraid To Be Average If You Want To Be Memorable Terminology For iPhone Goes Free, Refreshes Its Interface And Adds A Notes Option No NBN In Your Street? Just Set Up A Wireless Bridge Organise How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free This Week's Top Downloads Last Week's 10 Biggest Posts How Sharing Your To-Do List Can Help You Get More Done Career Showing Off Your Sense Of Humour At Work Can Make You Seem More Competent Why You Should Recognise Luck's Role In Your Success Or Failure How To Become A Plus-Size Model Take Control Of Your Email Inbox This Year By Using Only Five Folders Business Travel Here Is The Winner Of Sodastream's Iceland Competition! Top 5 Thin And Light Laptops For Travel It's Official: Badgerys Creek Airport Is Coming To Western Sydney Qantas Is Adding Non-Stop Flights To London Security Your Browser's Autofill Data Can Be Phished, Here's How To Stay Safe Bible Verses Are Easy To Guess, So Don't Use Them As Your Password Deals: Keep Your Online Activity Private For Life With This VPN Chrome Has An Option To Export Passwords, Here's How To Enable It Small Business & Startups How I Succeeded: TryBooking's Grant Dunoon Twitter Kills Off Small Business Tool It Released A Few Months Ago The Government's Small Business $20,000 Asset Write-Off Scheme May Be Extended Here's A Five-Minute Exercise Routine For Time-Poor Small Business Owners IT Pro Cloud Why We Should Save Adobe Flash Get A Discount For Google Drive With A New Yearly Subscription Cisco Kills Its $1 Billion Cloud Dropbox To Remove Public Folders For Pro Users Too IT Career Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle Killer Interview Question: Do You Check Your Email When You're On Holidays? How A Good Mentor Can Save You Time Deals: Give Your Resume A Boost With This Training Bundle IT Security Software Bug Forces GoDaddy To Revoke And Re-Issue SSL Certificates To Customers Which Software Had The Most Vulnerabilities In 2016? How To Protect Yourself On Public Wi-Fi Networks Stolen Yahoo Accounts Database Sold for Hundreds Of Thousands Of Dollars Developer Google Open Sources Draco 3D Compression Library Handy JavaScript Console Commands For Web Developers Deals: Start Training To Be A Mobile Game Dev Right Now Development Timelapse For EVE Online Shows Python As Workhorse Language Deployment Build A Laptop With The Guts Of An Xbox One S Latest Windows 10 Update Can Wreck Multiple Screen Setups Adelaide's 10Gbps Broadband Network Is Really Happening Microsoft Has Brought In Privacy Changes To Windows 10 (For The Better) Servers Oracle Is Starting To Fine Customers Who Thought They Were Using Free Java Software Server Down: What Caused The ATO System Crash? ATO Website Crash: One Petabyte Of Data Lost Make A Virtual Drive Using Your Video Card's RAM Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date How To Turn Your Dumb Printer Into A Cloud Printer Handy JavaScript Console Commands For Web Developers Logan Booker Jan 15, 2017, 1:30pm ⋅ Filed to:  Australian Stories chrome javascript programming web development Share Image: Google In web development, it's not always easy to keep up-to-date with all the fancy debugging features of modern browsers. That said, a strong command of your browser's development console can take you a long way, if you're sharp with JavaScript. Web coder Swagat Kumar Swain has put together a handy list of commands you can use with Chrome's developer console, though there's nothing stopping you from using them with your browser of choice (verbatim or with a few tweaks). Perhaps the most useful is live page editing using document.body.contentEditable=true. Other useful tips include event monitoring and even timing the execution of your code: The JavaScript console has an essential function called console.time(‘labelName’) which takes a label name as an argument, then starts the timer. There’s another essential function called console.timeEnd(‘labelName’) which also takes a label name and ends the timer associated with that particular label. One piece advice I'll likely use in the future is selecting DOM elements via the console. This can certainly be the easier option than inspecting via right-click for hidden or otherwise obscured components. Things you probably didn’t know you could do with Chrome’s Developer Console [FreeCodeCamp] Also on Lifehacker Australian Open 2017: Play Schedule And Opening Matches NBN's New Speed Names Explained Here Is Every Suburb That Will Be Getting The NBN In 2017 Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds Daniel Saffioti 16 Jan 2017 11:30 AM Poor bandwidth makes downloading content and working in the cloud impractical. Like many Australians, these are two activities that have become critical to the way I live my life. When the NBN skipped my house because it was in the older stages of the estate I live in, I decided to take matters into my own hands. Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners Alan Henry 15 Jan 2017 10:00 AM Maybe you picked up a Raspberry Pi for the holidays, or you've been sitting on one of the super versatile, palm-sized computers for a while now. If you've been wondering how to get started with yours, or what you could build that's worthwhile, here are ten great ideas. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Subscribe to the #staticpodcast Static Podcast: The Best Of Season Four Lifehacker's Static Podcast: The Interviews Lifehacker's Static Podcast: Is It Legal To Carry A Knife? Lifehacker's Static Podcast: How To Become The Citizen Of A Space Nation Trending Articles 1 How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds 2 Top 10 Raspberry Pi Projects For Beginners 3 Nintendo Switch FAQs: Australian Pricing, Specifications And Release Date 4 4 Things That Happen When You Skip Breakfast 5 How To Watch The Australian Open 2017 Live And Online For Free World First: Australian Scientists Spot The Ruby Seadragon In The Wild Deals: Up Your Photoshop Game With This Training Bundle Soon, Your Smartwatch Will Know When You're Getting Sick (Before You Do) Huawei Mate 9: Australian Price And Release Date Neopets Is Rotting Away Deals: If You Want To Learn To Code, Try This Training Bundle I Want To Play Zelda: Breath Of The Wild With The Japanese Voiceover Community Review: The Nintendo Switch Why Spicy Food Makes You Feel High Deals: Add Photoshop Mastery To Your Resume With This 7 Course Bundle How I Skipped The NBN Waiting List To Get 70Mbps Download Speeds The Sierra 10 Desktop The top 6 Australian brands selling into China via Tmall Packers tight end makes incredible 35-yard catch on his toes to help set up Packers win over the Cowboys 'I just want some water': Uncooperative smart-fridge is going off on Twitter Pauline Hanson has been 'gifted' tickets to Donald Trump's presidential inauguration ceremony © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Monday January 16 2017 Join nowLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access now Business Google flexes life sciences muscle Philip Connolly January 15 2017, 12:01am, The Sunday Times Verily became an independent subsidiary of Alphabet in August 2015PASCAL ROSSIGNOL/REUTERS Google Ireland has pumped €1.4bn into the Irish subsidiary of its life sciences division as it shifts more operations to Irish shores. Verily, which is a subsidiary of Google-owner Alphabet, said it is planning to establish operations in Ireland to facilitate “collaboration with our EU-based partners”. The company did not clarify how many people it will hire and said it would not comment on financial information. According to company documents, Google Ireland Holdings paid €1.39m in cash for a single ordinary share in the business on December 21, 2016. Formerly a branch of the Google X experimental division, Verily became an independent subsidiary of Alphabet — Google’s Nasdaq-listed holding company — in August 2015 when Sergey Brin, co-founder and chief executive of Google, announced a restructuring of… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article.Get access now Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Midas Letter Subscribe Opinion Terence Corcoran William Watson Jack M. Mintz Lawrence Solomon Peter Foster Diane Francis Kevin Libin FP Comment TrendingOutlook 2017 | Donald Trump | Earnings | Loonie | Marijuana | Real Estate | OPEC | Gold Canada’s broadcasters pay tax to support our industry. Netflix and other U.S. content firms should, too Richard Stursberg, Special to Financial Post | January 12, 2017 | Last Updated: Jan 12 7:00 AM ET More from Special to Financial Post Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon The minister of Canadian Heritage, Mélanie Joly, has initiated a major review of cultural policy to see how best to “strengthen the creation, discovery and export of Canadian content” in the digital age. She has laid particular emphasis on the importance of having “strong, adaptable and competitive” businesses that are able to compete internationally. She says that “everything is on the table.” There are two key problems to be solved in creating a new cultural policy. First, the advertising market has shifted dramatically. Where all the money used to stay in Canada to finance the TV and newspaper businesses, the largest part of it now flows south — untaxed — to Google and Facebook. As a result, newspapers in Canada — as elsewhere in the world — are losing money. So too is conventional television. CTV, Global, City TV and the CBC are all unprofitable. Newspapers and conventional TV are overwhelmingly the most important sources of news, particularly local news. It is difficult to imagine a successful democracy without impartial, high-quality, objective news. Second, the existing government-support measures for Canadian content were all created before the digital revolution. Telefilm Canada, the Canadian Media Fund (CMF) and the tax-credit system are focused on the cultural preoccupations of 20 years ago. They support the production of film and television for consumption on the traditional platforms of movie and TV screens. They provide no support whatever to news and almost nothing to digital content, let alone YouTube channels. The windfall from taxing Netflix, Google and Facebook could support Canadian production And their track record is poor. The films and TV shows produced garner little interest in English Canada and do not do particularly well in foreign markets. The U.K. exports six times as much cultural product per capita as Canada does. They also favour the most poorly capitalized companies in the Canadian media system, the independent producers. The best capitalized, the ones most likely to be able to compete internationally — like CBC, Bell Media, Corus and Rogers Media — are largely excluded from directly accessing the most valuable support measures. Canada’s most important competitors in the content business — the U.K. and the U.S. — follow a different strategy. Their big broadcasters are part of larger media groups that own production studios. We cannot predict the future and we should not try. A new cultural policy must be future facing, capable of adjusting quickly as markets evolve and favour the creation of — as Joly says — “strong, adaptable and competitive businesses.” The best way forward is to create a new cultural agency — a Canadian Content Investment Agency — that would be platform-, content- and producer-agnostic. Such an agency would support the creation of content on all Canadian platforms. It would, as well, be able to finance news and digital content. It would be open to all producers, whether independent or affiliated with the major media companies. Related Netflix tax comes up at committee where CRTC head asked about the GST and foreign video streaming services CRTC decision to loosen definition of a Canadian TV and film production opens doors to foreigners, angers locals The new agency would absorb Telefilm and the CMF. It would only offer tax credits. This would dramatically simplify the existing arrangements, save considerable expense and allow Canada’s media companies to become much more nimble in responding to changes in the market. For Canadian media companies to flourish requires that they operate in a market that functions fairly and efficiently. Unfortunately, their home market is tilted against them. Google and Facebook compete against Canadian media companies but do not pay tax or charge HST. Netflix pays neither HST nor contributes to the financing of Canadian content as do its competitors, the Canadian broadcasters and cable companies. Requiring foreign companies operating in Canada to pay their share is not a “Netflix tax”; it is simple fairness. If the foreign companies were to play by the same set of rules, the federal and provincial treasuries would enjoy windfall gains of hundreds of millions of dollars that could be used to finance the extension of the support measures to news, digital content and the new platforms. A cultural policy for the digital age will require bold changes to Canada’s existing arrangements if we are to succeed in the future and compete internationally. Given the deep pools of Canadian talent that already exist, there is no reason why we cannot be very successful. He who dares wins.   Richard Stursberg, author of the report, “Cultural Policy for the Digital Age,” is a former head of Telefilm Canada and a former federal assistant deputy minister for Culture and Broadcasting. Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: FP Comment, Canada Media Fund, Media Sector, netflix Inc. Find a Story Stock Search FP Picks Kevin Libin: Obama just nailed down his legacy as a cynical, class-warfare divider-in-chief During the final address of his tenure, the president returned to his favourite battleground for social division: pitting the masses against the one per cent Nintendo Switch: The good, the bad and the pricey Deeply versatile but a bit underpowered; less expensive than the competition but not exactly cheap. Here is Chad Sapieha's take on Nintendo's new console Better design and ‘atmosphere’: Why Canadian malls are thriving while American ones struggle An analysis from the Retail Council of Canada reveals malls in this country are significantly more productive, on average, than malls in the United States Lawrence Solomon: How vaccine safety turned into one of Trump’s first presidential priorities Making America safe doesn’t just involve building a wall to keep out criminals and terrorists. To Trump, it also includes making sure that there’s safety in America’s vaccines ‘We don’t give a damn’: Anti-oil activists step up opposition as honeymoon with Trudeau ends In one day, Jane Fonda slammed the oilsands, a LNG lawsuit and outrage over Energy East. Let's stop pretending environmentalists will give us a big pat on the back Letters to the editor Do you have an opinion to share with other readers? Then send us a letter. Please include your address and daytime telephone number. We give preference to letters that refer to a particular article by headline, author and date. If your letter concerns articles in other sections of the National Post, including business articles that appear in the A section, please send your letter here. Copyright in letters and other materials sent to the publisher and accepted for publication remains with the author, but the publisher and its licensees may freely reproduce them in print, electronic and other forms. Ontario's Power Trip Ontario’s Power Trip: Latest $400 million cash grab is a giant leveraged play that will load debt on consumers The Ontario power system’s ‘broken’: Auditor General Legendary Texas oil tycoon T. Boone Pickens is suing Ontario for $700 million over wind power Ontario’s Power Trip: Hydro One a pig in a poke Ontario’s Power Trip: How Hydro is walloping Ontario business Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 73° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 73° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us 21 Victoria homicides remain unsolved By Jessica Priest Jan. 14, 2017 at 10:15 p.m. Walter Arnold Jr. looks through photographs of his father, Walter Arnold Sr., who was strangled in his Victoria home Dec. 4, 2008. Next to the visual memories is his father's death certificate. Read about another unsolved homicide on Page A5.   Angela Piazza for The Victoria Advocate Unsolved Arnold Homicide On Dec. 4, 2008, 68-year-old Walter Arnold Sr. was strangled to death in his home in the 700 block of Morninglory Lane. More than eight years later, his killer has not been charged. Arnold’s son Walter Arnold Jr. and daughter-in-law Darlene Arnold, address his killer in an interview with Advocate reporters. Homicide clearance rates • Victoria Police Department - 81 percent • Texas - 73 percent • U.S. - 58 percent *VPD homicide clearance rate is from 2002 to present, while the state and national clearance rates are from 2002 to 2015. SOURCE: Victoria Police Department, Murder Accountability Project To help • If you have any information about this or any other homicide case in Victoria County, call Victoria Crimestoppers at 361-572-4200 or the Victoria Police Department's investigations unit at 361-485-3730. • If you want to share a story about a loved one who is a homicide victim, call the Victoria Advocate newsroom at 361-574-1222. • To learn about the Texas Rangers' cold case investigations, visit dps.texas.gov/TexasRangers/UnsolvedHomicides. Even though she didn't know her father, he was out there somewhere. That thought comforted Mary Powell as she grew up. Her mother refused to disclose many details about her father, other than he was in the Navy and stationed in Long Beach, Calif., in 1961. Little more than a month ago, Powell submitted her DNA to be tested in an ancestry database. Her daughter-in-law bought her the $100 DNA kit as a gift. When Powell learned her father's name was Walter Arnold Sr., she searched the name on Google, hoping she'd find a face similar to hers. Instead, she learned that Arnold had been murdered at his home in Victoria in 2008. Even worse, police hadn't found his killer. "It sounds silly, but I want to fix this," she said. An administrative assistant at a hospital, Powell shut her office door to hide her tears from co-workers. "I'm devastated," she said. The data At least 20 other families in Victoria County share similar feelings. That's how many homicides have gone unsolved in the county since 1995. Some families feel neglected while law enforcement insist they're still chasing down every lead. The Victoria Police Department is handling Arnold's case. The police department has a homicide clearance rate of 81 percent. Chief J.J. Craig calculated the homicide clearance rate by dividing the number of homicides since 2002, 59, by the number of homicides cleared, 48. For the most part, for a homicide to be cleared, a suspect has to be arrested. Craig said he needed more time to calculate the department's homicide clearance rate before 2002. Eighty-one percent is higher than both the state and national homicide clearance rates. Homicide clearance rate Create your own infographics Nationally, the rate has declined since the FBI began tracking it in 1965. William King, a professor and associate dean of Research and Program Development at the College of Criminal Justice at Sam Houston State University, said that's because of an increase in homicides involving strangers, drugs, gangs or firearms. "Mom kills Dad, Dad kills Mom: Those are generally easy to solve," King said. "For these, there's a stronger motivation for witnesses or participants to not talk." District Attorney Stephen Tyler said that at least in Victoria County, most unsolved homicides fall into that category, and law enforcement must prioritize. "It's not a Sherlock Holmes story where you can deduce everything by a swatch of cloth or something like that," he said. "Most of the time, crimes are solved by people who are paying attention and share that information with law enforcement." Tyler added that many witnesses wish to be anonymous. "Witnesses always think, 'Well, it doesn't involve me, so it's not my business.' But it is your business. What's happening in your neighborhood, what's happening in front of you, is your business," he said. But there are a few steps law enforcement can take to increase the odds of solving a homicide. A study published in National Institute of Justice in 2002 found that murders were more likely to be solved if detectives get to the scene within 30 minutes and if more than one detective is assigned to the case. The Victoria Police Department has 17 detectives. Four investigate assault crimes, and their average caseload is 87, Lt. Eline Moya said. Craig said that about eight months ago, he asked two of those four to take another look at the unsolved homicides in between investigating their other cases. "We don't forget," Craig said. "The way I see it is one life lost is one life too many." The Arnold case Arnold was found dead in his home in the 700 block of Morninglory Lane on Dec. 4, 2008. His son, Walter Arnold Jr., who carried on his plumbing business, remembers the day well. An officer stopped Arnold before going inside his father's one-story home. When he learned his father was dead, Arnold fell to his knees in the front yard. The elder Arnold had recently learned he was cancer-free. His family was planning to celebrate, but now, they've split in two. The younger Arnold; his wife, Darlene Arnold; and his sister-in-law, Constance Kalina, suspect a person who had access to the home and called police that morning. They think that man was drunk when he killed Arnold and stole thousands of dollars from his safe. They said that person made both incriminating statements and extravagant purchases after Arnold's death. They recalled hearing from a police detective that there was a one in 80 chance that the man's DNA was underneath the elder Arnold's fingernails. Arnold's cause of death is listed as strangulation. They also think police haven't followed up on credible leads or interviewed witnesses willing to talk to them. "It shakes your faith a little bit in the community that you live in," Kalina said. "This is our community, too, and he was a good person. He didn't deserve this, especially after he had beaten his fight with cancer, and he was in a weakened condition when all this happened." Tyler, meanwhile, said the case isn't as strong as the family thinks. He said the detective assigned to the Arnold case was dedicated and thorough. Tyler didn't remember finding any DNA under Arnold's fingernails, and if there were, a one in 80 chance does not rule out many people, he said. Tyler wanted to know more about how the strangulation happened. He said that just because that person called police to report the death doesn't mean he was there at the time it happened. The safe? If there were an inventory of what was in the safe, police could have looked into whether anything was taken. But there's wasn't one. "I understand he is suspicious, and I don't think I'll ever make him not suspicious, but I have to eliminate all those other possibilities in the minds of a juror," Tyler said. "If I can't eliminate reasonable doubt in my own mind, it's hopeless to move forward." Moving forward Police officials declined to talk about the case because it's ongoing, but the younger Arnold hopes doing so will bring him closure. It costs him $200 every year to maintain a website he set up in 2011 for tips, justiceforwalter.com, but he can't bring himself to shut it down. He only recently stopped paying for his father's cellphone service. He kept it on for eight years simply because he liked to hear his father's voicemail. His voicemail was, "Leave me your name or your goodies, and I might call you back or I might not." The elder Arnold had an ornery sense of humor like that. He liked to go on hunting trips, cook during the holidays and play cards. Several photos of him throughout the years were displayed across a glass table in his son's living room recently. In many, the 68-year-old is wearing either an sleeveless T-shirt or a bowler's shirt and grinning ear to ear. The younger Arnold couldn't find his favorite photo, though. That one, he said, depicted them working together when he was just 4 years old in San Antonio. "I always loved my father. He would always tell people that we've been working together since I was in diapers, and that's pretty dang close to it, you know?" he said. Arnold thinks his father would have liked to have met Powell. Powell said she's looked off and on for him her entire life and was pushed to try again by her daughter-in-law. She didn't want to end up disappointed again. She's more than a thousand miles away but ready to pack her bag and board an airplane. "If I have to come to Texas and do whatever I have to do, I'll do it," she said. "I want them to know this isn't going away. This is my dad. I finally found him, and now I need to know what happened to him." RELATED Tips for freeze damage control The Winter Danger Lurking in Your Water Pipes Dylann Roof sentenced to death for killing 9 church members Synthetic marijuana epidemic hits Victoria Crossroads residents affected by cold weather -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 71  America was in downward spiral; time for change 33  2nd teen dies after parking garage fall; school offers counseling 25  2nd teen dies after parking garage fall; school offers counseling 16  MD Anderson shows interest in Victoria 08  Goliad man charged with killing grandmother Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
Hot Topics: Boulder survey Vance Joseph allegations Pearl Street Mall closures HUD home sale Middle-incoming housing OK'd News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Opinion: Columnists Fareed Zakaria: Trump assists China's rise By Fareed Zakaria Washington Post Writers Group Posted:   01/14/2017 07:30:30 PM MST Fareed Zakaria Washington Post NEW YORK — Donald Trump has perhaps attacked no country as consistently as he has China. During his campaign, he thundered that China was "raping" the United States, "killing" it on trade and artificially depressing its currency to make its goods cheap. Since being elected, he has spoken to the leader of Taiwan and continued the bellicosity toward Beijing. So it was a surprise to me, on a recent trip to Beijing, to find Chinese elites relatively sanguine about Trump. It says something about their view of Trump but perhaps more about how they see their own country. "Trump is a negotiator and the rhetoric is all part of his opening bid," said a Chinese scholar, who would not agree to be named (as was true of most policy-makers and experts I spoke with). "He likes to make deals," the scholar continued, "and we are good deal-makers as well. There are several agreements we could make on trade." As one official noted to me, Beijing could simply agree with Trump that it is indeed a "currency manipulator" — although it has actually been trying to prop up the yuan over the past two years. After such an admission, market forces would likely make the currency drop in value, lowering the price of Chinese goods. Advertisement Chinese officials point out that they have economic weapons as well. China is a huge market for American goods, and last year the country invested more than $53 billion in the U.S. economy, according to Forbes. But the officials' calm derives from the reality that China is becoming far less dependent on foreign markets for its growth. Ten years ago, exports made up a staggering 37 percent of China's GDP. Today they make up just 22 percent and are falling. China has changed. Western brands there are rare, and the country's own companies now dominate almost every aspect of the huge and growing domestic economy. Few businesses take their cues from American firms anymore. Technology companies are innovating, and many young Chinese boasted to me that their local versions of Google, Amazon and Facebook were better, faster and more sophisticated than the originals. The country has become its own, internally focused universe. This situation is partly the product of government policy. Jeffrey Immelt, the CEO of General Electric, noted back in 2010 that China was becoming hostile to foreign firms. American tech giants have struggled in China because of formal or informal rules against them. The next stage in China's strategy apparently is to exploit the leadership vacuum being created by America's retreat on trade. As Trump was promising protectionism and threatening literally to wall off America from its southern neighbor, Chinese President Xi Jinping made a trip through Latin America in November, his third in four years. He signed more than 40 deals, Bloomberg reported, and committed tens of billions of dollars of investments in the region, adding to a $250 billion commitment made in 2015. The centerpiece of China's strategy takes advantage of Trump's declaration that the Trans-Pacific Partnership is dead. The trade deal, negotiated between the United States and 11 other countries, lowered barriers to trade and investment, pushing large Asian economies like Japan and Vietnam in a more open and rule-based direction. Now China has offered up its own version of the pact, one that excludes America and favors China's more mercantilist approach. Australia, once a key backer of the TPP, has announced that it supports China's alternative. Other Asian countries will follow suit soon. At the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit in Peru in November, John Key, who was then New Zealand's prime minister, put it simply: "The TPP was all about the United States showing leadership in the Asia-Pacific region. We like the U.S. being in the region. But if the U.S. is not there, that void needs to be filled, and it will be filled by China." Xi's own speech at the summit was remarkable, sounding more like an address traditionally made by an American president. It praised trade, integration and openness and promised to help ensure that countries don't close themselves off to global commerce and cooperation. Next week, Xi will become the first Chinese president to attend the World Economic Forum at Davos, surely aiming to reinforce the message of Chinese global leadership on trade. Meanwhile, Western leaders are forfeiting their traditional roles. Angela Merkel and Justin Trudeau announced last-minute cancellations of their plans to speak at the Swiss summit. Trump has only made sneering references to globalism and globalization and no senior member of his team currently plans to attend. Looking beyond his tweets, Beijing seems to have concluded that Trump's presidency might well prove to be the best thing that's happened to China in a long time. Email: comments@fareedzakaria.com. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Longmont 7-Eleven robbed in early morning Ahead of Lafayette's climate bill vote, backers affirm resistance to fracking CU Boulder battling to save oaks from feasting bugs   BOCOPREPS (Cliff Grassmick / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Wrestling: Frederick hosts state's first girls-only prep tournament Warrior Invite brings 80 girls from 42 schools FREDERICK — There may be hundreds of girls in Colorado alone who love the sport of wrestling. Heck, maybe even thousands. Full Story Boys basketball: Mead goes deep to knock off Skyline Wrestling: Centaurus' Atiba Obika learns from loss to Niwot's Tommy Stager Girls basketball: Monarch's Carter developing into an elite point guard Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 37° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Periods of light rain. Tonight Occasional light rain. Low around 35F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 6 Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo, people use a public wifi hotspot in Havana, Cuba. Home internet came to Cuba in December 2016, in a limited pilot program that’s part of the most dramatic change in daily life here since the declaration of detente with the United States on Dec. 17, 2014. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo a woman with her child uses a public wifi hotspot in Havana, Cuba. While the island nation remains one of the world’s least internet-connected societies, ordinary citizens’ access to the internet has exploded over the last two years. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo Roberto Carlos Villamar uses his laptop on the new experimental internet in the living room of his home in Havana, Cuba. For many Cubans, the start of home internet in December breaks a longstanding barrier against private internet access in a country whose communist government remains deeply wary about information technology undermining its near-total control of media, political life and most of the economy. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo Yolanda Mollinedo looks at her granddaughter Alejandra in Virginia, United States, on her smartphone using a video chat application with the new experimental internet in the living room of her home in Havana, Cuba. The home internet test program selected some 2,000 residents of Old Havana to receive free connections for two months before a planned expansion and the start of billing for the service. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo Yolanda Mollinedo looks at her granddaughter Alejandra in Virginia, United States, on her smartphone using a video chat application beside her niece Yulisleidi with the new experimental internet in the living room of her home in Havana, Cuba. The home internet test program selected some 2,000 residents of Old Havana to receive free connections for two months before a planned expansion and the start of billing for the service. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo, people use a public wifi hotspot in Havana, Cuba. Cuba depended on slow, expensive satellite internet until 2013, when it opened a fiber-optic cable to Venezuela that connected the island to the global online infrastructure. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) AP Cuba sees explosion in internet access as ties with US grow By ANDREA RODRIGUEZ Associated Press 23 hrs ago (…) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo, people use a public wifi hotspot in Havana, Cuba. Home internet came to Cuba in December 2016, in a limited pilot program that’s part of the most dramatic change in daily life here since the declaration of detente with the United States on Dec. 17, 2014. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo a woman with her child uses a public wifi hotspot in Havana, Cuba. While the island nation remains one of the world’s least internet-connected societies, ordinary citizens’ access to the internet has exploded over the last two years. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo Roberto Carlos Villamar uses his laptop on the new experimental internet in the living room of his home in Havana, Cuba. For many Cubans, the start of home internet in December breaks a longstanding barrier against private internet access in a country whose communist government remains deeply wary about information technology undermining its near-total control of media, political life and most of the economy. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo Yolanda Mollinedo looks at her granddaughter Alejandra in Virginia, United States, on her smartphone using a video chat application with the new experimental internet in the living room of her home in Havana, Cuba. The home internet test program selected some 2,000 residents of Old Havana to receive free connections for two months before a planned expansion and the start of billing for the service. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo Yolanda Mollinedo looks at her granddaughter Alejandra in Virginia, United States, on her smartphone using a video chat application beside her niece Yulisleidi with the new experimental internet in the living room of her home in Havana, Cuba. The home internet test program selected some 2,000 residents of Old Havana to receive free connections for two months before a planned expansion and the start of billing for the service. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo, people use a public wifi hotspot in Havana, Cuba. Cuba depended on slow, expensive satellite internet until 2013, when it opened a fiber-optic cable to Venezuela that connected the island to the global online infrastructure. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) HAVANA (AP) — Two days before Christmas, Luis Gonzalez received a little Chinese modem from Cuba's state-owned telecommunications company. The 55-year-old theater producer connected the device to his phone and his laptop computer, which instantly lit up with a service unimaginable in the Cuba of just a few years ago — relatively fast home internet. "It's really easy to sit and find whatever you need," Gonzalez said as he sat in his living room updating his Facebook account, listening to Uruguayan radio online and checking an arriving tourist's landing time for a neighbor who rents rooms in their building in historic Old Havana. "Most Cubans aren't used to this convenience." Home internet came to Cuba last month in a limited pilot program that's part of the most dramatic change in daily life here since the declaration of detente with the United States on Dec. 17, 2014. While Cuba remains one of the world's least internet-connected societies, ordinary citizens' access to the internet has exploded over the last two years. Since the summer of 2015, the Cuban government has opened 240 public Wi-Fi spots in parks and on street corners across the country. Cubans were previously restricted to decrepit state internet clubs and hotels that charged $6-$8 for an hour of slow internet. In a country with an average monthly salary of around $25, the price of an hour online has dropped to $1.50, still steep but now well within the range of many Cubans with private income or financial help from relatives abroad. The government estimates that 100,000 Cubans connect to the internet daily. A new feature of urban life in Cuba is the sight of people sitting at all hours on street corners or park benches, their faces illuminated by the screen of smartphones connected by applications such as Facebook Messenger to relatives in Miami, Ecuador or other outposts of the Cuban diaspora. Connections are made mostly through access cards sold by the state monopoly and often resold on street corners for higher prices. The spread of connectivity has remotely reunited families separated for years, even decades. It's fueled the spread of Airbnb and other booking services that have funneled millions in business to private bed-and-breakfasts owners. And it's exposed Cubans to a faster flow of news and cultural developments from the outside world — supplementing the widespread availability of media spread on memory drivers. Cuban ingenuity has spread internet far beyond those public places: thousands of people grab the public signals through commercially available repeaters, imported illegally into Cuba and often sold for about $100 — double the original price. Mounted on rooftops, the repeaters grab the public signals and create a form of home internet increasingly available in private rentals for tourists and cafes and restaurants for Cubans and visitors alike. On the official front, Google and Cuba's state-run telecoms monopoly Etecsa struck a deal last month to store Google content like YouTube video on servers inside Cuba, giving people on the island faster, smoother access. While the explosion of internet in Cuba has taken place alongside the process of normalization started by Obama in 2014, it's unclear how much better relations have speeded up Cuba's move online. Obama said in announcing detente that he welcomed "Cuba's decision to provide more access to the Internet for its citizens," but neither Obama's team nor Cuban officials have detailed whether that decision was directly linked to negotiations to restore diplomatic ties and began negotiations. What is clear is that Cuba began to dramatically increase access about six months later when the government began opening Wi-Fi spots around the country. For many Cubans, the start of home internet in December is potentially even more significant, breaking a longstanding barrier against private internet access in a country whose communist government remains deeply wary about information technology undermining its near-total control of media, political life and most of the economy. The pace of change in Cuba often depends on the state of relations with its giant neighbor to the north: both tensions with the United States and leaps forward like Obama's visit to Havana last year have prompted crackdowns by hardliners worried about the government losing control. While President-elect Donald Trump's administration has promised to take a harder line on Cuba, both opponents of President Raul Castro's government and those advocating closer relations favor more access to information for ordinary Cubans. The home internet test program selected some 2,000 residents of Old Havana to receive free connections for two months before a planned expansion and the start of billing for the service. Gonzalez said he would be able to receive 30 hours of his 128 kilobyte-per-second connection for $15, with the price increasing for faster connections, with 30 hours of a 2 megabyte-per-second connection available for $115. That's far slower and wildly more expensive than internet in most of the rest of the world. In the Dominican Republic, for example, a full month of relatively slow 2 megabyte-per-second internet, a speed most people would consider reasonable for applications such as streaming video, costs a little more than $20. Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Cuba depended on slow, expensive satellite internet until 2013, when it opened a fiber-optic cable to Venezuela that connected the island to the global online infrastructure. Cuba says that its still-high internet prices are a result of costs imposed by the U.S. trade embargo on the island. Independent observers blame the costs on political decisions to limit access, and on the cash-strapped socialist government's widespread use of its monopoly power to extract as much money as possible for goods and services considered luxuries. Many young people hope that the spread of access in recent years is the start of Cuba seeing internet more as a necessity and a right, like the free education and health care guaranteed by Cuba's socialist system. "In my dreams, I'd like for the internet to be seen like arts and culture, and, as such, to be free for the whole population, just like access to education has been for the last 50 years," said David Vasquez, the 27-year-old director of the online magazine Cachivache Media. "It's very hard to know what the future will bring." ___ Correspondent Michael Weissenstein contributed to this report. ___ Andrea Rodriguez on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ARodriguezAP ; Michael Weissenstein on Twitter: https://twitter.com/mweissenstein . Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Wire Business General News Technology Travel Lifestyle International Relations Government And Politics Internet Technology Computing And Information Technology Explosions Accidents And Disasters Accommodations Locations Cuba Havana Caribbean United States Latin America And Caribbean North America View (…) comments Most popular Dairy Queen closes Illinois store after owner uses racial slur St. Louis area factories say they have plenty of work, but not enough skilled workers Six surprising health items that could disappear when Obamacare is repealed AT&T cuts 'lifeline' discounts in Missouri Eggs, milk, bread — grocery stores staff up and fill shelves as St. Louis braces for ice storm Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Payroll not a target as St. Louis' Zoo-Museum District seeks savings, officials say U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search AT&T cuts 'lifeline' discounts in Missouri We're looking for the top workplaces in St. Louis 5 Credit Cards That Help You Earn Hotel Elite Status Quick links Columnists David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Test your knowledge of all things St. Louis! We provide sourced and investigated news See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices A Digital Fact-Checker Fights Fake News Bloomberg David Gauvey Herbert 23 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Man jailed for 'horror' hammer attack on police Girl stolen at birth praises dad who 'never gave up hope' © Getty Images Storyful CEO Rahul Chopra attends the 10th Festival Of Media Global at Waldorf Astoria Hotel on May 19, 2016 in Rome. For seven years, Storyful, a social media researcher in Dublin, has consulted for news outlets such as ABC and the Wall Street Journal, using a small team of reporters to try to keep those operations from embarrassing themselves online. Mostly, that’s meant fact-checking viral media in real time, making sure a video floating around Twitter really shows, say, the latest barrel bomb explosion in Aleppo—rather than a roadside bomb in Homs—before it goes into a client’s breaking-news post. Since Election Day, the team’s strategy has become more complicated. “Fake news has dominated 90 percent of our conversations,” says Storyful Chief Executive Officer Rahul Chopra. While Facebook and Twitter denied, then grudgingly acknowledged, the role they played in spreading newsy-looking lies during the crucial final weeks of the presidential campaign, Chopra’s staff focused on ways to debunk false items. Just before Thanksgiving, Storyful released Verify, a free add-on for Google’s Chrome browser that automatically tells users whether its 40 journalists around the globe have vetted the videos they’re watching. So far, the team has vetted 250,000 videos, with more added daily. A browser icon lights up green if the video is in Storyful’s vetted archive, or red if it isn’t. The index is fed largely by automated bots that comb Twitter, YouTube, and other networks for videos that match certain keywords or are spiking in popularity. Unlike Facebook’s forthcoming effort to crowdsource the tagging of bogus stories, or Slate’s new text-focused fact-checking browser tool, Storyful’s Verify incorporates its team’s own reporting. The company says it’s in talks with social networks about ways it can help but declined to name them because of nondisclosure agreements. Recently at Storyful’s Dublin office, Alan O’Riordan, a former copy editor, described how he confirmed the veracity of footage of a fiery plane crash near Abbottabad, Pakistan. O’Riordan, whose desk clutter included a fifth of whiskey and a shot glass, contacted the uploader, got him to send over unpublished footage, then checked Google Earth to match the remote valley with the scene from the video. “We’ve inculcated a real copy editor’s ‘question everything’ culture,” he said. Storyful, founded by Irish broadcast journalist Mark Little at the end of 2009, has been a News Corp. property since 2013 (price tag: $25 million), which puts it in the same family as Fox News. Its first Sisyphean goal was debunking viral social media during the Arab Spring. Now its revenue comes from consulting for networks and news sites, helping corporate clients defend themselves against online defamation, and licensing material for amateur video makers. The New York Times used Storyful to corroborate the story of an Iraqi soldier who survived a massacre by Islamic State fighters, and to obtain video footage for the story. Amateur clients include the Czech taxi driver who filmed Hillary Clinton fainting at ground zero in September. A Storyful spokesman says the cabbie’s footage has earned him “well into the six figures.” The company’s revenue increased 52 percent in 2016, reaching eight figures. The growing industry of fake news, often disseminated by Eastern European teens in search of a quick buck, will be a tougher challenge. A survey conducted from Nov. 28 to Dec. 1 by researcher Ipsos Public Affairs found that 3 in 4 adults in the U.S. were fooled by fake headlines. Leslie Harris, an attorney who used to run the Center for Democracy & Technology, a nonprofit advocate, says that while she thinks Storyful’s model is helpful, the problem is too great to be solved by a Chrome extension. “I’m pretty stumped on this one,” she says. Harris lives down the block from Comet Ping Pong, the Washington pizzeria where a gunman from North Carolina fired off a semiautomatic rifle last month. The gunman later said he was “self-investigating” long-discredited viral claims that an underage sex ring with ties to Democrats was operating in the basement. The so-called Pizzagate hoax picked up heat from spam Twitter accounts and credulous media outlets in November, after right-wing sources bounced it around in their own echo chambers. Storyful says that’s a common MO for social media propagandists. Both Islamic State and the neo-Nazis who call themselves alt-right refine their messages and distribution strategies as much as possible within closed networks before trying to push them into the mainstream with Twitter chaff. Harris has asked Vice President-elect Mike Pence, who also resides in the neighborhood, to speak out against the Comet pizza hoax. He hasn’t responded. The Storyful strategy is a little more concrete. “Let’s figure out ways to close these highways for known bad actors,” says New York staffer Ben Decker. He envisions using the same playbook Storyful uses to tackle Islamic State propagandists: identifying key uploaders, unmasking the personalities behind them, and sharing the data with clients and social media platforms. The bottom line: Having vetted 250,000 videos for its Chrome add-on, Storyful is an early leader in the growing business of identifying fake news. To contact the author of this story: David Gauvey Herbert in New York at daveherbert@gmail.com. To contact the editor responsible for this story: Jeff Muskus at jmuskus@bloomberg.net. ©2017 Bloomberg L.P.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 25° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today An icy mix overnight. Tonight Cloudy with periods of light freezing rain after midnight. Low 18F. Winds light and variable. Chance of precip 40%. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 5:55 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 6 Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo, people use a public wifi hotspot in Havana, Cuba. Home internet came to Cuba in December 2016, in a limited pilot program that’s part of the most dramatic change in daily life here since the declaration of detente with the United States on Dec. 17, 2014. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo a woman with her child uses a public wifi hotspot in Havana, Cuba. While the island nation remains one of the world’s least internet-connected societies, ordinary citizens’ access to the internet has exploded over the last two years. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo Roberto Carlos Villamar uses his laptop on the new experimental internet in the living room of his home in Havana, Cuba. For many Cubans, the start of home internet in December breaks a longstanding barrier against private internet access in a country whose communist government remains deeply wary about information technology undermining its near-total control of media, political life and most of the economy. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo Yolanda Mollinedo looks at her granddaughter Alejandra in Virginia, United States, on her smartphone using a video chat application with the new experimental internet in the living room of her home in Havana, Cuba. The home internet test program selected some 2,000 residents of Old Havana to receive free connections for two months before a planned expansion and the start of billing for the service. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo Yolanda Mollinedo looks at her granddaughter Alejandra in Virginia, United States, on her smartphone using a video chat application beside her niece Yulisleidi with the new experimental internet in the living room of her home in Havana, Cuba. The home internet test program selected some 2,000 residents of Old Havana to receive free connections for two months before a planned expansion and the start of billing for the service. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo, people use a public wifi hotspot in Havana, Cuba. Cuba depended on slow, expensive satellite internet until 2013, when it opened a fiber-optic cable to Venezuela that connected the island to the global online infrastructure. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) AP Cuba sees explosion in internet access as ties with US grow By ANDREA RODRIGUEZ Associated Press Updated 22 hrs ago 0 Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo, people use a public wifi hotspot in Havana, Cuba. Home internet came to Cuba in December 2016, in a limited pilot program that’s part of the most dramatic change in daily life here since the declaration of detente with the United States on Dec. 17, 2014. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo a woman with her child uses a public wifi hotspot in Havana, Cuba. While the island nation remains one of the world’s least internet-connected societies, ordinary citizens’ access to the internet has exploded over the last two years. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo Roberto Carlos Villamar uses his laptop on the new experimental internet in the living room of his home in Havana, Cuba. For many Cubans, the start of home internet in December breaks a longstanding barrier against private internet access in a country whose communist government remains deeply wary about information technology undermining its near-total control of media, political life and most of the economy. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo Yolanda Mollinedo looks at her granddaughter Alejandra in Virginia, United States, on her smartphone using a video chat application with the new experimental internet in the living room of her home in Havana, Cuba. The home internet test program selected some 2,000 residents of Old Havana to receive free connections for two months before a planned expansion and the start of billing for the service. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo Yolanda Mollinedo looks at her granddaughter Alejandra in Virginia, United States, on her smartphone using a video chat application beside her niece Yulisleidi with the new experimental internet in the living room of her home in Havana, Cuba. The home internet test program selected some 2,000 residents of Old Havana to receive free connections for two months before a planned expansion and the start of billing for the service. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) Desmond Boylan In this Jan. 6, 2017 photo, people use a public wifi hotspot in Havana, Cuba. Cuba depended on slow, expensive satellite internet until 2013, when it opened a fiber-optic cable to Venezuela that connected the island to the global online infrastructure. (AP Photo/Desmond Boylan) HAVANA (AP) — Two days before Christmas, Luis Gonzalez received a little Chinese modem from Cuba's state-owned telecommunications company. The 55-year-old theater producer connected the device to his phone and his laptop computer, which instantly lit up with a service unimaginable in the Cuba of just a few years ago — relatively fast home internet. "It's really easy to sit and find whatever you need," Gonzalez said as he sat in his living room updating his Facebook account, listening to Uruguayan radio online and checking an arriving tourist's landing time for a neighbor who rents rooms in their building in historic Old Havana. "Most Cubans aren't used to this convenience." Home internet came to Cuba last month in a limited pilot program that's part of the most dramatic change in daily life here since the declaration of detente with the United States on Dec. 17, 2014. While Cuba remains one of the world's least internet-connected societies, ordinary citizens' access to the internet has exploded over the last two years. Since the summer of 2015, the Cuban government has opened 240 public Wi-Fi spots in parks and on street corners across the country. Cubans were previously restricted to decrepit state internet clubs and hotels that charged $6-$8 for an hour of slow internet. In a country with an average monthly salary of around $25, the price of an hour online has dropped to $1.50, still steep but now well within the range of many Cubans with private income or financial help from relatives abroad. The government estimates that 100,000 Cubans connect to the internet daily. A new feature of urban life in Cuba is the sight of people sitting at all hours on street corners or park benches, their faces illuminated by the screen of smartphones connected by applications such as Facebook Messenger to relatives in Miami, Ecuador or other outposts of the Cuban diaspora. Connections are made mostly through access cards sold by the state monopoly and often resold on street corners for higher prices. The spread of connectivity has remotely reunited families separated for years, even decades. It's fueled the spread of Airbnb and other booking services that have funneled millions in business to private bed-and-breakfasts owners. And it's exposed Cubans to a faster flow of news and cultural developments from the outside world — supplementing the widespread availability of media spread on memory drivers. Cuban ingenuity has spread internet far beyond those public places: thousands of people grab the public signals through commercially available repeaters, imported illegally into Cuba and often sold for about $100 — double the original price. Mounted on rooftops, the repeaters grab the public signals and create a form of home internet increasingly available in private rentals for tourists and cafes and restaurants for Cubans and visitors alike. On the official front, Google and Cuba's state-run telecoms monopoly Etecsa struck a deal last month to store Google content like YouTube video on servers inside Cuba, giving people on the island faster, smoother access. While the explosion of internet in Cuba has taken place alongside the process of normalization started by Obama in 2014, it's unclear how much better relations have speeded up Cuba's move online. Obama said in announcing detente that he welcomed "Cuba's decision to provide more access to the Internet for its citizens," but neither Obama's team nor Cuban officials have detailed whether that decision was directly linked to negotiations to restore diplomatic ties and began negotiations. What is clear is that Cuba began to dramatically increase access about six months later when the government began opening Wi-Fi spots around the country. For many Cubans, the start of home internet in December is potentially even more significant, breaking a longstanding barrier against private internet access in a country whose communist government remains deeply wary about information technology undermining its near-total control of media, political life and most of the economy. The pace of change in Cuba often depends on the state of relations with its giant neighbor to the north: both tensions with the United States and leaps forward like Obama's visit to Havana last year have prompted crackdowns by hardliners worried about the government losing control. While President-elect Donald Trump's administration has promised to take a harder line on Cuba, both opponents of President Raul Castro's government and those advocating closer relations favor more access to information for ordinary Cubans. The home internet test program selected some 2,000 residents of Old Havana to receive free connections for two months before a planned expansion and the start of billing for the service. Gonzalez said he would be able to receive 30 hours of his 128 kilobyte-per-second connection for $15, with the price increasing for faster connections, with 30 hours of a 2 megabyte-per-second connection available for $115. That's far slower and wildly more expensive than internet in most of the rest of the world. In the Dominican Republic, for example, a full month of relatively slow 2 megabyte-per-second internet, a speed most people would consider reasonable for applications such as streaming video, costs a little more than $20. Cuba depended on slow, expensive satellite internet until 2013, when it opened a fiber-optic cable to Venezuela that connected the island to the global online infrastructure. Cuba says that its still-high internet prices are a result of costs imposed by the U.S. trade embargo on the island. Independent observers blame the costs on political decisions to limit access, and on the cash-strapped socialist government's widespread use of its monopoly power to extract as much money as possible for goods and services considered luxuries. Many young people hope that the spread of access in recent years is the start of Cuba seeing internet more as a necessity and a right, like the free education and health care guaranteed by Cuba's socialist system. "In my dreams, I'd like for the internet to be seen like arts and culture, and, as such, to be free for the whole population, just like access to education has been for the last 50 years," said David Vasquez, the 27-year-old director of the online magazine Cachivache Media. "It's very hard to know what the future will bring." ___ Correspondent Michael Weissenstein contributed to this report. ___ Andrea Rodriguez on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ARodriguezAP ; Michael Weissenstein on Twitter: https://twitter.com/mweissenstein . Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Technology Travel Lifestyle International Relations Government And Politics Internet Technology Computing And Information Technology Explosions Accidents And Disasters Accommodations × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION After 4 decades, Arcadia shoe store survives through quality, service Steve Cahalan: Crazy Dave’s Auto Repair opens on South Side Ex-etiquette: Select special name for bonus parent Ask Mr. Dad: Helping a new stepmother Your Office Coach: Communication key to clear expectations Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Officials spell out inauguration security plans Video: Oregon zoo animals frolic in the snow Video: Study finds lower mortality risk for ‘weekend warriors’ Video: Ruby seadragon filmed for the first time Currents Autos Behind the wheel in a Plymouth Prowler, 'the weirdest car of the 1990s' Entertainment Ranking all of Nicholas Sparks' books from worst to first +5 Travel 7 Cities to Visit on Your NFL Stadium Tour Getaway Today's Birthdays, Jan. 13: Rip Taylor Today In History, Jan. 13: Costa Concordia Today’s top pics: Europe in deep freeze and more Your daily 6: New homes for Don Draper ... and the San Diego Chargers News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Finding the true Northeast | Bangkok Post: travel Top sections News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning More TRAVEL Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Travel Homepage Travel search Travel review In Thailand Around the globe Hotel booking Tourist & expats info News & PR Find accommodations & travel services Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category AccommodationEmbassiesSightseeingTravel Services Add a new listing Travel > In Thailand Finding the true Northeast Isan is home to both natural wonders and ancient sites that tell of the region's rich cultural history 15 Jan 2017 at 04:00 4,675 viewed0 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BRUNCH | WRITER: CHAIYOT YONGCHAROENCHAI tickled pink: Nong Han Lake, or the Pink Water Lilies Lake as it's known, is in Udon Thani province. The flowers are best viewed between 6am and 9am and will bloom until the end of March. - + When scrolling through my Facebook feed over the holiday season, I see that most of my friends have left the country for a winter break away from their usual scene of busy Bangkok. Family vacations spent at a Hokkaido ski resort, colourful scenes of Christmas lights and displays in London, sunny escapes to Florida -- these images all flood my newsfeed. I start to get depressed as I consider my own vacation options. With my limited budget, I can't travel quite as far as many of my friends. But sitting in front of my computer and complaining wouldn't change my situation. I begin researching a destination to fit my budget and realise there are plenty of cheap and nearby places I have yet to explore here in my own country. I've been to the North -- I know it's beautiful there. I've been to the South several times too. The only region I haven't explored extensively is the Northeast region, or Isan, known for its ancient sites, natural landscapes and scenes of agrarian life. So I pack my bag and get the car ready. I hit the wide open road headed northeast. HISTORICAL JOURNEY I set a goal to make my first stop after no more than four hours of driving. I plan to take it easy -- I don't want to return to Bangkok feeling too tired out from the long drives. I make my first stop in Nakhon Ratchasima, or Korat as it is locally known. When most people think of Korat, images of lush greenery and the upscale resorts of the neighbouring mountainous Khao Yai come to mind. However, I tend to think of the city's fascinating historical parts. I made Phimai Historical Park my first stop, away from the mountain areas more densely populated with tourists. After 332km and roughly four hours on the road, I pull up to the site. I have visited Angkor Wat before and recall being blown away by how majestic it was. Similarly, at Phimai, I experienced a sense of awe particular to the experience of being in a powerful historic place with roots in the 11th century. I whipped out my money for the entrance fee, a relatively small amount compared to most historical parks around the world. But the lady at the ticket booth just gave me a big smile and informed me it was free. She explained that the park was offering free admission in order to pay respect to King Rama IX. I was only asked to register with my name and telephone number. From exploring the site, I learned that Phimai served as a blueprint for Angkor Wat, which was built a century after the Korat temple complex. In the past, a road led directly from Phimai to Angkor Wat, allowing influences to flow easily between the cities. The site was well preserved and new parts had recently been added to make the building resemble its original state. I could see many parallels with Angkor Wat, such as the Naka bridge leading into the complex and the lion sculptures guarding the steps. Phimai itself was modelled after Mount Meru, a sacred mountain in Hindu beliefs. A few hours passed in the park before it was time to move on. My next destination was Khon Kaen, 153km or roughly a two-hour drive away. This is where I planned to spend the night before heading to my next destination. ACCIDENTAL DISCOVERY I had a layover in Khon Kaen, a city I found to be not terribly different from Bangkok. The downtown area was busy and bustling, while the traffic was really bad. The main destination seemed to be the shopping mall, situated at the heart of the city. On that second day, I woke bright and early to check out Bung Kan's Wat Jetiyakhiri, also known as Wat Phu Thok. It was a 268km drive away, taking me at least four hours to get there. I started off on a main road, which eventually split off into smaller rural roads. Google Maps showed me a helpful shortcut and I ended up sharing the road with several service trucks, allowing me to speed up to my next site. At the two-hour point, I took a break at a coffee shop to stop me from falling asleep. An hour and a half later, I hit the road again and begun noticing new elements of my surroundings with fresher eyes. As I drove along the narrow road, I started to notice signs pointing to the Pink Water Lilies Lake. It was then that I remember it was the season when the bright water lilies went full bloom in Nong Han Lake, located in the Kumphawapi district of Udon Thani. It was 10.30am by that time, close to when the full sunlight would strike and cause the water lilies to close up at noon. I arrived at the local pier of Chiang Haeo where both small and big boats are available for rent from 300 to 500 baht. "You arrived at the perfect time," said Boonsong Hansantia, a 62-year-old boat skipper, as he greeted me. He offered his tour service at 200 baht since the peak time to see the lilies in the morning had already passed. I hopped on a small boat and we motored out to the middle of the lake. "I see this lake all the time," Mr Boonsong explained. "I didn't think it was anything special until the Chiang Haeo district office made it a new tourist destination five years ago. "We used to harvest the water lilies to sell at the market before the lake became a big tourist attraction in Udon Thani. Now, although we can no longer make money from selling the water lilies, I can make money from the boat tour. "Do you like it here?" he asked me. "Don't forget to like us on Facebook and give us a good review." Following Mr Boonsong's suggestion, I write them a favourable review. It is well deserved -- the lake is incredibly beautiful. The flowers will continue to bloom until the end of March. The best time to come visit is in the early morning, from 6am to 9am. I was lucky to see the water lilies fill the lake with their colour until when they closed up at noon. It was a unique experience, one definitely worth the long drive to go see. THE LONELY MOUNTAIN I debated whether I should rest or continue onto Bung Kan, a two-hour drive away. Despite my fatigue, I decided to forge on and check out my next stop, Phu Tok Temple. As I arrived at the temple, I saw the tall jagged hills made of red rock rise up from the land. A wooden walkway wrapped its way around it, hanging off the sides of the hills. A sense of peace came over me the moment I stepped onto the temple grounds. In 1969, a monk arrived at these hills to meditate. He found the perfect spot hidden in a jungly part of Phu Tok, meaning "lonely mountain", where he set up a small tent. From that time onwards, the temple at the hills' base became increasingly well known among monks seeking a peaceful, remote place to meditate. As more monks trickled into the area, so too did the locals to bring them food. Some villagers offered to make a simple shelter for the monks to use when it rained. Over a five-year period, people constructed the stairway in order to allow the monks to go to higher grounds, away from the wild animals around the base. The stairway now includes six levels. Built out of people's voluntary efforts, the structure attests to locals' commitment to their Buddhist faith. The hill is now among the most popular attractions in Bung Kan province. I was heaving my way up the first to second level of the steps, feeling unfit to go any further. But just when I thought of surrendering my climb at the third level, an elderly-looking lady came down the steps and gave me a great big smile. "You're almost there," she told me as we passed. "I know you can make it. Look at me, I'm almost 70 and I made it all the way to the top." At that point, giving up would have felt a bit embarrassing. So I kept climbing, pausing here and there, before reaching the fifth level. The view was quite literally breathtaking. I continued onto the final sixth level, which offered a stunning panoramic view of the city below. From up above, I could understand why monks love meditating here. I made my way down, which almost seemed harder than going up, having already extolled so much energy. That night, I headed back to town to rest before the next day's big journey. UNCLE JIM'S FARM After a good night's rest in Udon Thani town, I decided to head back to Korat to visit Jim Thompson Farm, a site that's open to the public for a few weeks every winter. The drive was 310km long and it took me four and a half hours. Having woken up late to recover from my climb, I got to Korat by 5pm. I visited a newly opened shopping centre in Korat, modelled after a well-known Bangkok mall. What made it different, though, was the 800-metre-high Sky Deck tower, which is available for free panoramic views of the city. The wait for the tower was long, but it didn't offer much to see in the end. On the final day of my trip, I woke to what felt like my first winter morning. The temperature fell to 16 degrees C, perfect weather for a walk outdoors. I drove one hour outside the city to see Jim Thompson Farm, located in Pak Chong district. Despite it being a weekday, the farm was very busy with visitors. From the front entrance, I could tell that whoever designed the farm intended to make it stand out from other farms in the area. The decor was very tastefully done, bringing out the unique character of Isan culture with an international flair. Upon arrival, a tram picked us up for our tour. We began in the farm's most iconic site -- a wide open field where flowers and plants, bursting with colour, were in full bloom. Another stop showed us the local pha kao ma fabric that the farm produces. Traditional Isan houses around the flower fields feature informative displays on how silkworms are raised and how they contribute to making Jim Thompson's quality silk. Visitors can easily spend the entire day checking out a variety of activities, including family-friendly ones like the giant pumpkin patch -- an ideal stop for avid amateur photographers. The tour ends with the staff showing off a variety of Jim Thompson products, such as silk clothing and accessories, fruits, vegetables, deserts, snacks and more high-quality goods from the farm. In my four-day trip around northeastern Thailand, I got to learn more about the local culture, see beautiful natural landscapes and how they are influenced by faith, as well as spend a relaxing day on a farm inspired by a legendary figure. I couldn't manage a trip halfway around the world for my holidays. However, I still managed to snag some beautiful photos to show my Facebook friends that I didn't just sit at home and passively "like" photos of their trips. Most importantly, I learned that there is still a great deal of Thailand to discover. Now it's my friends' turn to give me a "like" on my Facebook page. ancient history: Phimai historical park in Nakhon Ratchasima province is a Khmer-style temple complex. photos: Chaiyot Yongcharoenchai great heights: Phu Tok, meaning 'lonely mountain', is a top tourist site in Bung Kan province. in good faith: Phu Tok was popularised by monks who came to meditate here. photos: Chaiyot Yongcharoenchai on the edge: A walkway spanning six levels wraps itself around Phu Tok, offering spectacular views. a field day: Jim Thompson Farm, offering informative workshops and photo ops, is open to the public for a few weeks every winter. RECOMMENDED STORIES Chinese top Angkor Wat visitors last year Budget tour crackdown hits Lunar New Year bookings Train services resume as far south as Nakhon Si Full bloom Beautiful vistas and a hidden track Don Chedi Fair The real-life Legoland Northeastern reservoir Pattaya-Hua Hin ferry free ride extended until Jan 31 Most Viewed 29,168 Best- and worst-performing airlines ... 22,549 Pattaya-Hua Hin ferry free ride ... 16,623 Budget tour crackdown hits Lunar ... 11,399 Special holiday train trips to Pa ... 10,964 Feb 19 deadline set for Koh Samet ... Recent TRAVEL Articles Heavy snowfall hits Japan, coldest day in much of country Special holiday train trips to Pa Sak Jolasid Dam Feb 19 deadline set for Koh Samet resort razing Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 9 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 08:02 Property sellers stress mass transit convenience 07:36 Guardiola concedes title after heavy loss for Man City 07:35 Heavy push for rice megafarms 07:26 Sevilla end Real Madrid's 40-game unbeaten run 07:19 Ibrahimovic's late goal saves Man United 06:30 Police seek arrest for 200 more in exam cheat scam 05:30 Court to hear ex-teacher's retrial plea 05:15 E-bracelets to ease bail restrictions 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video In Pictures Search Go Home › News › UK Social media heads could face Commons 'fake news' probe Published 15/01/2017 0 Comments Share Social media heads could face Commons 'fake news' probe BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Social media bosses could be questioned over whether they are doing enough to stop "fake news". http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/social-media-heads-could-face-commons-fake-news-probe-35368590.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/uk/article35368589.ece/0225d/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-88420218-c18f-4eeb-88b9-b9b41a6a2925_I1.jpg Email Commons Culture Committee chairman Damian Collins says social media sites have a responsibility to ensure their platforms are not being used to spread fake news Social media bosses could be questioned over whether they are doing enough to stop "fake news". The Commons Culture Committee is said to be on the verge of summoning the chiefs of Facebook, Twitter and Google to Parliament for an inquiry into the phenomenon, the Sunday Telegraph said. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments It is thought to be discussing launching a formal inquiry internally and could begin holding sessions by the beginning of the summer. Damian Collins, chairman of the cross-party committee of MPs, told the paper that some fake news stories were being distributed "maliciously" and sites had a responsibility to ensure their platforms were not being used to spread such content. "Some fake news is presented to look like real news coming from real news websites," the Tory MP for Folkestone and Hythe said . "It can be difficult to distinguish between them. "The concern is a fake story can get out and be distributed on the internet and become the received wisdom before the truth can get out. "The truth is always trying to catch up with a fake news story." He told the paper that there was a "responsibility to democracy" to ensure the social media platforms were not "being perverted to support the distribution of fake and malicious news". "In a similar way, I think social media (companies) have a responsibility to ensure their platforms are not being used to spread malicious content," he said. His comments to the paper come a month after a YouGov survey for Nextdoor found that more than two thirds of Britons believe companies like Facebook should do more to filter out misleading and fake news stories from what users see on their feeds. There has been heightened concern in recent months over "fake news" being spread on social media sites during the US election. Read More Premier League clubs criticised in report into disabled access  Premier League clubs could face heavy fines and even points deductions if they fail to meet an August deadline to become compliant with disability access requirements, according to a report by the Culture, Media and Sport select committee. BT launches service to block millions of nuisance calls  BT has launched a service that aims to block up to 30 million nuisance calls before they reach homes each week. Terminally-ill Sunderland fan, five, chosen as Everton mascot  The family of a five-year-old Sunderland fan who is battling cancer thanked Premier League rivals Everton after the club picked him to be their mascot as millions of people watched. Donald Trump: US-UK trade deal will be done quickly and properly  Donald Trump has pledged to secure a rapid trade agreement with Britain as he predicted leaving the European Union would be a "great thing" for the UK. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Man killed after cliff collapses on Suffolk beach  UK Social media heads could face Commons 'fake news' probe  UK Trump dossier: Ex-agent felt 'duty bound' - journalist  UK Jeremy Corbyn: Theresa May's Brexit strategy a recipe for trade war with Europe  UK Southern Railway recruitment campaign branded 'nonsense' by drivers' union  Business News Family's moving tribute to brave Dempsey (8) as little girl succumbs to cancer  Northern Ireland Watch: The Journey - First trailer for Paisley and McGuinness film  Video News DUP likely to remain largest party, pollster suggests  NI Assembly Election Sinn Fein confirms it will not nominate a deputy First Minister on Monday  NI Assembly Election Sammy Wilson claims McGuinness move is all about putting Troubles soldiers in...  NI Assembly Election We must reject the politics of hatred and spite to move forward Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next? Victoria Beckham 'launches legal action over Spice Girls reunion' NI groom singing bride up aisle gets 10m views NI restaurant shock after family leaves £1,000 tip Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Nightlife: Filthy McNasty's for Dsqo [Photos]  Nightlife Nightlife: Villa for Fat Wednesdays [Photos]  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland David Ervine's sister-in-law Linda hits out at DUP diehards over attitude to Irish language  Northern Ireland Irish 'toilet' tattoo divides internet  Food and Drink Brexit victims: First Marmite, then Toblerone, might Freddos be next?  Offbeat Fox frozen in block of ice after falling into Danube  Northern Ireland Poll: Would you support joint authority for Republic of Ireland and UK governments over Northern Ireland...  News Newsreader throws tantrum over colleague's dress  Northern Ireland Foster reveals social media death threat to cut her head off  Technology WhatsApp backdoor means messages can be intercepted  World Teenager crowdfunds $12,500 after parents 'no longer support her' due to black boyfriend  News Martin McGuinness, from IRA man to minister - his journey in pictures [Photos]  Northern Ireland Brrr! Snow sweeps across NI - send us your pictures  Northern Ireland Belfast mum and dad shot for refusing to hand son over to republican paramilitaries  Northern Ireland Northern Ireland developer building homes without planning permission  Northern Ireland You won't stop me digging: BBC's Nolan tells DUP  Food and Drink 9 best breakfasts to cure hangovers  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Brexit Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Billy on the box Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Food and Drink Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Food & Drink Magazine Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Family Life December 2016 September 2016 April 2016 February 2016 Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel 2017 Travel Guide Video In Pictures Search Go
Close Skip to main content The Guardian Change editions from the US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news US politics world news environment business tech science money opinion opinion home Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning columnists sport sport home soccer NFL MLS MLB NBA NHL tennis arts culture home film tv & radio music art & design books stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food travel love & sex family home & garden health & fitness women tech What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out apps jobs crosswords video Facebook Twitter sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports › NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer MLS home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close NFL NFL divisional round: Houston Texans 16-34 New England Patriots – as it happened! Tom Brady and Patriots survive scare with second half surge Houston’s Brock Osweiler picked off three times New England face Kansas City or Pittsburgh in the AFC Championship Updated Tom Brady is sacked by Houston Texans Whitney Mercilus and Brian Cushing. Photograph: John Cetrino/EPA David Lengel Saturday 14 January 2017 23.29 EST First published on Saturday 14 January 2017 19.20 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 11.29pm EST 23:29 Texans 16-34 Patriots, Final 11.21pm EST 23:21 INTERCEPTION! Texans 16-34 Patriots, 2:25 4th quarter 11.14pm EST 23:14 FIELD GOAL! Texans 16-34 Patriots, 6:37 4th quarter 10.58pm EST 22:58 TOUCHDOWN! Texans 16-31 Patriots, 12:16 4th quarter 10.55pm EST 22:55 INTERCEPTION! Texans 16-24 Patriots, 12:44 4th quarter 10.48pm EST 22:48 FIELD GOAL! Texans 16-24 Patriots, 14:51 4th quarter 10.44pm EST 22:44 INTERCEPTION! Texans 13-24 Patriots, end of 3rd quarter Live feed Show 11.29pm EST 23:29 Texans 16-34 Patriots, Final New England kneel one more time, and that will do it. That’s six straight AFC Championship games for New England as they get set for either KC or Pittsburgh next Sunday. When will this ever end? Houston? They did a great job, we’re grateful for a semi-competitive game - they had their chances, this could have been more, but they just didn’t have enough and the kid at QB has some issues. That’s all for now - join us tomorrow for much, much more live NFL football. Until then, good morning, good afternoon and good night. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.25pm EST 23:25 Texans 16-34 Patriots, 1:19 4th quarter New England take a knee. That’s one... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.23pm EST 23:23 And I quote... Well, at one time, you’ve got it, and then you lose it, and it’s gone forever. -Sick Boy Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.21pm EST 23:21 INTERCEPTION! Texans 16-34 Patriots, 2:25 4th quarter Osweiler back to pass - and he delivers, an interception, this time to Duron Harmon, and that’s the kids third INT this half! I expect Mr Philip to be emailing in again any second now. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.20pm EST 23:20 Texans 16-34 Patriots, 3:21 4th quarter Fiedorowicz ( I spelled that without looking, is it right?) - he has a first down catch as we play out the string in gar-bage time. It’s a 17-yard gain on the near sideline. Houston are actually driving here but this won’t help. Holding, no74 offense (Chris Clark), still first down. That pushes Houston to the 41 where it’s 1st & 20... Grimes gets much of that down to the 26, 2nd & 5. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.15pm EST 23:15 Email Michael Philip is back: “Frock Osweiller, money well spent...” Surely that’s not a typo... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.14pm EST 23:14 FIELD GOAL! Texans 16-34 Patriots, 6:37 4th quarter It’s good, and the Pats are covering that spread. If you’re scoring at home, the Pats did not call time, so they have all three and that’s actually irrelevant because this one is just about over. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.13pm EST 23:13 Texans 16-31 Patriots, 6:49 4th quarter Bennett is up and off the field under his own power - good news. Brady is back to pass again - no idea why, and is running, running, and holds on to it a little too long and gets punished for it, pushed out of bounds by Mercilus. Now Lewis fumbles again, but Joe Thuney pounces on the football and here comes New England trying to make it a three possession game with a 43-yard football. The Pats call time, their first. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.08pm EST 23:08 Texans 16-31 Patriots, 7:58 4th quarter So we’re getting into the kill the clock portion of our program. Run run run. Edelman, a reverse goes for 13 yards after a shorter four-yard run from Blount. Then Brady goes for Edelman downfield again, for some reason. Edleman nearly made an incredible sideline catch, but lost it right at the end as he bobbled it out of bounds. Now here is more razzle dazzle! What? This time it is an Amendola double reverse and there’s Brady throwing a block! What’s gotten into these guys? New England are inside the Texans 30 as that clock burns away. Bennett is down for New England - the TE is down after a leg injury. Stand by. Updated at 11.09pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.03pm EST 23:03 Texans 16-31 Patriots, 10:22 4th quarter Malcolm Brown just helped himself to Osweiler’s leg, whipping him down for the Pats third sack and a nine-yard loss. Hopkins then has a reception, about nine yards on third down - not enough. Houston punt and New England will start from their own 33. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.00pm EST 23:00 Texans 16-31 Patriots, 11:50 4th quarter So suddenly, New England are a pint or two from covering the spread, when not too long ago, they looked like possible victims in a historic upset. Funny how that works, isn’t it? So now Houston has some major work to do, and they start with Miller on the ground for a yard. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.58pm EST 22:58 TOUCHDOWN! Texans 16-31 Patriots, 12:16 4th quarter Lewis pushes into the endzone, and now he’s got a rushing TD, in addition to a TD catch, TD kickoff return, and made a key turnover as well. That’s some line. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.55pm EST 22:55 INTERCEPTION! Texans 16-24 Patriots, 12:44 4th quarter Osweiler, all kinds of time, he fires looking for Hopkins, deflection, INTO THE HANDS OF RYAN! He’s up and running, and takes the ball to the Texans siz-yard line. It’s 1st & goal for New England, who will move into the drivers seat if they can punch it in! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.52pm EST 22:52 Texans 16-24 Patriots, 13:00 4th quarter It’s 3rd & 7 for Tom Brady and the Pats. From the shotgun, Brady has time and Edelman open, but he can’t make the catch! A rare misfire from Brady and that forces a punt. Fuller calls for a fair catch with no one around him, for whatever reason, and they start from the 10, looking for eight on this drive to somehow tie this game up. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.48pm EST 22:48 FIELD GOAL! Texans 16-24 Patriots, 14:51 4th quarter We’re into the final frame as we try to figure out who will face the Chiefs or Steelers in the AFC Championship game next Sunday. Osweiler goes deep and that’s nowhere near anyone - so here is Novak for a 46-yard attempt that is good! So the Texans turn a turnover into three points - not enough. They really have had their opportunities in this game, which has been way WAY more than we ever could have asked for as neutrals. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.44pm EST 22:44 INTERCEPTION! Texans 13-24 Patriots, end of 3rd quarter New life for the Texans as their D forces a second pick from Tom Brady - doubling his interceptions this season. Hal made the play following yet another deflection! Houston must turn this into seven. When we return, it’s 3rd & 4 on the Pats 28 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.39pm EST 22:39 Texans 13-24 Patriots, 1:30 3rd quarter Osweiler airs it out, way down field, over the middle, he throws a strike, but it’s through the hands of Fuller! Oh man! Oh my! That is a brutal play for Houston: this should be a four-point game. Instead, New England receive a punt at the 10 after a fair catch. That is the moment...or that was the moment. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.37pm EST 22:37 Texans 13-24 Patriots, 2:07 3rd quarter So, the rule is an incomplete pass, not a fumble, and there is no illegal substitution. So it’s 3rd & 8... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.35pm EST 22:35 Texans 13-24 Patriots, 2:07 3rd quarter Illegal hands to the face by Valentine costs New England five yards, pushing Houston across midfield. Miller, pushes a head for a few yards. Now, we have play-action - Osweiler hit as he throws, it’s McClellin. Now Patrick Chung is running towards the endzone for New England - what is going on? As it turns out, the Pats illegally substituted. But now they’re saying New England has it because the play was ruled a fumble. I have no idea what’s going on. This is a good time for a commercial, and CBS here in the US obliges. Please stand by. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.30pm EST 22:30 Texans 13-24 Patriots, 3:22 3rd quarter OK, here we go - five yards for a first down...Osweiler ducks pressure and takes off! He has room to roam, and when he finally gets out of bounds on the near sideline, he has 18 yards up to their 40! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.29pm EST 22:29 Texans 13-24 Patriots, 3:51 3rd quarter Osweiler has time, and finds Miller streaking underneath for five yards. It’s 3rd & 5: The play clock is down to one second so the Houston QB calls for time and the Texans will talk it over. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.27pm EST 22:27 Texans 13-24 Patriots, 5:10 3rd quarter Fiedorowicz drops a sure first down over the middle on first down, which just can not happen here. Then Osweiler comes back strong! A bullet to Hopkins who breaks free underneath for a first down and a gain of about 18! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.25pm EST 22:25 Texans 13-24 Patriots, 5:56 3rd quarter It’s 2nd & 20 at the Houston 40 after offensive pass interference. He has to throw it away, setting up a 3rd down - Amendola can’t make the catch over the middle, so New England have to punt, and it’s a good one! Matthew Slater makes the catch on the two! That’s where Houston’s offense will have to start, a tremendous play by New England’s special teams after a big stop by Houston’s D. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.21pm EST 22:21 Texans 13-24 Patriots, 6:19 3rd quarter On 2nd & 10, Brady has time, runs to his right, but runs out of real estate and throws it away. So here is another third down: Brady in the gun, pumps, fires, and there’s that man again - it’s Edelman, a run towards the flag and a pick up of 26. Edelman, the all-time Pats leader in playoff receiving yards, has 134 tonight. Now Brady is taken down by Clowney after throwing the football and he’s not happy. He may have a case. Ball on the Texans 30. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.17pm EST 22:17 INTERCEPTION! Texans 13-24 Patriots, 7:19 3rd quarter It’s 3rd & 4 - an important down coming up here. Osweiler, under center, then shifts to the shotgun, back to pass, throws...into the hands of McCourty (he plays for New England) and the Pats D have their first turnover of the game, in a huge spot for the home team. Osweiler really could not do that. Nerves are settling in New England. They have the ball at their own 44, with their offense drooling for more. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.14pm EST 22:14 Texans 13-24 Patriots, 8:09 3rd quarter So now what? Do the Texans throw all of their first-half performance away in a violent flame-out, or do they find a way to settle down and move the ball on offense? Osweiler, off to a good start: play-action, complete to Hopkins in the middle for 15 yards. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.10pm EST 22:10 TOUCHDOWN! Texans 13-24 Patriots, 9:09 3rd quarter Big 3rd & 3 here for the Texans defense. Crowd on their feet with Brady in the shotgun. He has time, throws over the shoulder of White and into his hands for the touchdown in the far side of the endzone! It’s a 90-yard drive that has a business as usual look to it as New England unlock Houston’s defense, putting pressure on Osweiler and the Texans offense. Updated at 10.11pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.08pm EST 22:08 Texans 13-17 Patriots, 10:03 3rd quarter After a holding call, Brady, play-action, finds Hogan on the near sideline - that’s 21 more yards, and suddenly, New England can move the ball. Was it something Belichick said? Now Lewis is on the ground, running left...no, right, it’s enough for a first down as the Pats quickly move to the Houston 30. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.05pm EST 22:05 Texans 13-17 Patriots, 11:34 3rd quarter Brady is destroyed, but gets it away to Edleman who makes another big catch downfield, a huge gain on the near sideline! That’s 26 yards. They should run that play every down. Now Edleman has it again after another Brady throw, this time it’s 14 yards, and suddenly New England are at midfield! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.03pm EST 22:03 Hunter Felt (@HunterFelt) The Patriots' 2nd Half Keys To The Game: Stop this sh*t. @LengelDavid January 15, 2017 I imagine Hunter speaks for most of those folks in states north and east of New York. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.02pm EST 22:02 Texans 13-17 Patriots, 12:30 3rd quarter From the shotgun, Osweiler is once again hit as he throws,this time it’s deflected and...incomplete. Van Noy set it up with the penetration and the Texans punt. So New England’s defense has some answers of their own - the Pats will start at their own 10 after a fair catch by Edelman. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.00pm EST 22:00 Texans 13-17 Patriots, 12:58 3rd quarter Flowers and Hightower hit Osweiler as he throws on first down. Then Miller has room again, this time for about seven, and it’s 3rd and 3 at the Pats 40. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.59pm EST 21:59 Texans 13-17 Patriots, 13:31 3rd quarter Here’s Miller up the middle, shakes, bakes, moves left and has room! That’s a 17 yard gain! It’s their biggest play of the night, say CBS TV here in the US. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.58pm EST 21:58 Texans 13-17 Patriots, 14:07 3rd quarter Bouye nearly has an interception on the first play from scrimmage in the second half! He really should have had that! Blount, pushes ahead for two setting up a 3rd & 8 from the NE 27. Brady, under pressure from Cushing and Clowney, fires incomplete - so the Houston D once again hold up their end of the bargain. Houston start from their own 36 after a 55-yard punt. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.55pm EST 21:55 And we're back... How will it end? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.54pm EST 21:54 Halftime OK, I’ve downed a Thai dinner and am back for what could be a historic upset. Actually, the Texans, who for my money are one of the most generic, boring franchises in North America have a chance to finally make a name for themselves, and in the most dramatic of fashion. But nevermid that for a moment, here’s a few stats. Osweiler is 13/20 for 83 yards, which is fine because he has a TD and no interceptions. Brady is 8/13 with 145 yards, most of which came on just two plays. Miller has been decent on the ground with 42 yards, while New England have combined for just 17 yards. The big stat is turnovers: Houston have taken two to NE’s none. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.43pm EST 21:43 Texans 13-17 Patriots, halftime Well, we all expected a dud and what we’ve seen is a Houston defense stand up to a dynasty, away from home in less than ideal conditions. It’s as impressive as it gets and sets the stage for an unlikely second half of gritty playoff football! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.41pm EST 21:41 FIELD GOAL! Texans 13-17 Patriots, 0:07 2nd quarter Gostkowski’s chip shot is good from 19, and New England settle for three. Take away the special teams TD and New England are down. Actually, if Houston take their chances this half, the Texans are up big. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.39pm EST 21:39 Texans 13-14 Patriots, 0:10 2nd quarter Blount’s two efforts are both denied - Mercilus is there again! A tremendous stand before the end of the half, represents what they’ve been able to do this half to a tee! WOW! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.37pm EST 21:37 Texans 13-14 Patriots, 0:19 2nd quarter Brady, back to pass, settles in, has a cup of tea, cooks a steak, then decides to run to about the one. Now Brady fires complete to Develin who pushes towards the endzone but is denied by Dent and Pleasant - tremendous play by Houston’s defense. Timeout New England. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.35pm EST 21:35 Texans 13-14 Patriots, 1:21 2nd quarter Under center is Brady, he has Hogan who is streaking towards the far sideline - it’s a first down to the Texans two! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.34pm EST 21:34 Texans 13-14 Patriots, 1:30 2nd quarter Lewis, outside to the far sideline, down to the 10, setting up a 3rd & 2. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.33pm EST 21:33 WARNING! Texans 13-14 Patriots, 2:00 2nd quarter Time ticks away in the half.. ...first down, Brady is hit as he throws! Houston’s defense is establishing themselves in a major way and we all know Brady does NOT like to get hit (does anyone). But now Brady bounces back, he has time and is firing deep for Edelman, who turns around, totally pushes off, and makes the catch! That’s a much-needed (illegal) 48-yard gain, pushing New England to the Houston 18. Lewis then runs for two yards as we hit the two-minute warning. Updated at 9.33pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.29pm EST 21:29 Texans 13-14 Patriots, 3:54 2nd quarter Ninkovich steps up and nearly picks off the Houston QB! The Texans have to punt - and on the kick there’s a penalty for an illegal block in the back, it’s Matthew Slater who is guilty. So New England and their rusty offense start at their own 33. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.27pm EST 21:27 Texans 13-14 Patriots, 4:23 2nd quarter The Texans are looking for a little bit of room and Miller pushes ahead up the middle for four yards. Then Osweiler under center, and it’s Miller again, this time he gets just two, setting up a 3rd & 3. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.25pm EST 21:25 Texans 13-14 Patriots, 5:30 2nd quarter It’s 3rd & 6. Brady, in the shotgun - Mercilus breaks with a spin and Brady has nowhere to go except the turf! The Pats turn down the 55-yard field goal and elect to back up Houston’s offense - the pooch punt puts the Texans on the five, where they will begin. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.23pm EST 21:23 Texans 13-14 Patriots, 6:43, 2nd quarter Brady has a pass broken up by Andre Hal, intended for Lewis on first down. Now he’s in the shotgun and looking for Lewis again, this time down the near sideline - but he is double teamed and Mercilus, a linebacker, is downfield to break it up! On 3rd & 10 now - Brady chucks it up - it’s short of the receiver, but Hogan comes back and gets under it and makes the catch! That’s a huge play on a blitz and a gain of 45 yards down to the Houston 37! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.20pm EST 21:20 Texans 13-14 Patriots, 7:48, 2nd quarter Osweiler fires incomplete over the middle - it was short, heading towards Hopkins and Ryan almost scooped it off the ground. The Pats weathered defense holds, and after the punt, New England will start at the 17. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.17pm EST 21:17 Texans 13-14 Patriots, 8:08, 2nd quarter Fake hand off to Miller, who shakes out of the backfield and is open - Osweiler misfires badly on first down. Now Miller pushes ahead for five, it sets up a big 3rd & 5. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.16pm EST 21:16 Texans 13-14 Patriots, 8:43, 2nd quarter Bennett is streaking across the middle towards the near sideline for a short reception - it’s 3rd & 5 and BRADY IS SACKED! Total turn of events in Foxborough! Cushing and Mercilus sandwich Brady and the Pats have to punt as the crowd sit in stunned silence. Solid return from Fuller and the Texans start at the New England 49! New England have just nine plays from scrimmage, and the time of possession battle is 16:02 to 5:15. Wild! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.12pm EST 21:12 Texans 13-14 Patriots, 10:43, 2nd quarter Lewis is chased out of bounds on the kickoff and here comes Tom Brady for what will be just his seventh snap in the ballgame, a ridiculous stat. New England start on the 17. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics NFL New England Patriots Houston Texans US sports Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › NFL Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › world › UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close David Irving The Observer Antisemite, Holocaust denier … yet David Irving claims fresh support In advance of a film about the trial that bankrupted him, the historian is boasting that his views have found a new generation of admirers Holocaust denier David Irving. Photograph: Bruno Vincent/Getty Images Carole Cadwalladr @carolecadwalla Saturday 14 January 2017 19.05 EST Last modified on Saturday 14 January 2017 19.26 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Sixteen years after an English court discredited his work and the judge called him “antisemitic and racist”, the historian David Irving claims he is inspiring a new generation of “Holocaust sceptics”. On the eve of a major new Bafta-nominated film about the trial, Irving, who has dismissed what happened at Auschwitz concentration camp during the second world war as “Disneyland”, says that a whole new generation of young people have discovered his work via the internet and social media. “Interest in my work has risen exponentially in the last two or three years. And it’s mostly young people. I’m getting messages from 14, 15, 16-year-olds in America. They find me on YouTube. There are 220 of my lectures on YouTube, I believe, and these young people tell me how they’ve stayed up all night watching them. “They get in touch because they want to find out the truth about Hitler and the second world war. They ask all sorts of questions. I’m getting up to 300 to 400 emails a day. And I answer them all. I build a relationship with them.” Irving v Penguin Books Ltd was one of the most infamous libel trials of the past 20 years. An American historian, Deborah Lipstadt, had accused him in her book, Denying the Holocaust,and Irving, then a somewhat respected if maverick historian, sued her and her publisher. The film, Denial, with a script by David Hare, is released at the end of this month and stars Rachel Weisz as Lipstadt and Timothy Spall as Irving. It depicts how Lipstadt’s legal team fought the case. James Libson, a junior solicitor in the case and now a senior partner at Mishcon de Reya, said that the verdict seemed “momentous at the time”. Lipstadt won, with the judge concluding that Irving was an antisemitic, racist Holocaust denier. He was forced to declare bankruptcy and his scholarly reputation was shattered. “We really thought the verdict marked a line in the sand,” says Libson. “That it marked Holocaust denial as a done subject. We’d proven it, conclusively, in a court of law. “We naively thought that the internet would help that. All the material from the case was published online and we thought that would provide sufficient answer to anyone who could possibly doubt it. Whereas, of course, the internet has actually done the opposite. “I wasn’t aware until recently of how Holocaust denial has now taken off online again to such an extent. I was really excited to watch the trailer for the film and I couldn’t believe the number of absolutely vile comments beneath it – about the holohoax and so on, more than 4,000 of them. It’s incredibly disturbing. It’s actually way worse now than even Irving was because they’re so abusive.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rachel Weisz in Denial. Photograph: Alamy Stock Photo Libson was assisting Anthony Julius in the case – another Mishcon lawyer who had made his name representing Princess Diana in her divorce. Irving lost the case – and another that he brought against the Observer over a review by Gita Sereny – but speaking from his home in the Scottish Highlands, a 40-room mansion near Nairn provided by an anonymous benefactor, he says that history has “vindicated” him. “History evolves. The truth about the Holocaust is gradually coming out. And this is thanks to the internet. It’s how this new generation finds me. There’s a general belief among people out there that they are being misled. The people I’ve called the traditional enemy [Irving’s term for Jews] are very worried about this phenomenon. They don’t have a handle on it. “Newspapers are dying. And the internet is suddenly there. And they don’t have an answer for it. It’s like some ugly weed they don’t know how to deal with. Eventually they will hack it down but by then it may be too late.” Google, which owns YouTube, has come under pressure for disseminating hate speech about Jews and promoting Holocaust denial after the Observer revealed that its top results for searches around the Holocaust were directing people to denial sites. After weeks of pressure, Google agreed to make changes to its algorithm, but they are far from comprehensive. Google auto-complete still suggests the Holocaust is a “lie” and a “hoax” and still directs to neo-Nazi websites such as Stormfront, where Irving is considered an authority on the subject. He also has a presence on Facebook, where his page has gathered more than 7,000 likes. Lipstadt said the idea that Irving had been vindicated by history was “preposterous”. “There was nothing, zilch, in the historical claims that he made. We proved that. But this is the world we are living in. Where facts don’t matter any more … and it’s absolutely terrifying. “I’ve no idea of knowing if his claims about his newfound popularity are true or not but you’d have to be living under a rock not to see that this proliferation of racism and antisemitism is being disseminated by the internet. “This has nothing to do with freedom of speech. It’s about truth and lies.” Surviving the Holocaust: ‘I didn’t allow any hatred to grow. But I don’t blame those who did' Read more Irving, however, says that he is speaking to people who have lost trust in mainstream sources of information. “It’s all to do with this phenomenon of people not trusting what they are told by their governments and newspapers. They seek around to find someone who provides some remedy to this. And they find me. “I am part of the remedy. It’s not just that I’m selling huge amounts of books around the world. One of the big changes of the last two years is the amount I’m getting in donations. “It used to be small amounts, and they still come in, but people are now giving me very large sums indeed – five-figure sums. I now drive a Rolls-Royce. A beautiful car. Though money is completely unimportant to me.” His new fans, he says, are the same people who in the US are supporting Donald Trump, who he believes will make a good president and “has his heart in the right place”. Though, he says, he is also impressed by the Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn. “The Labour party is tearing itself apart with these allegations about antisemitism,” he says, “but Corbyn seems like a very fine man. Maybe it’s because he’s near my age, but I’m impressed by him.” More news Topics David Irving Holocaust Second world war Internet YouTube Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world selected UK selected europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › UK News › David Irving Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions UK Edition Irish Sun The Sun The Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP Glasgow City Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in Scottish Sun UK Edition Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News Scottish News World News Opinion Politics Tech and science FRANK MCAVENNIE Donald Trump isn’t even in the White House yet and what the world is watching is a proper circus I didn’t think for a minute he’d beat Hillary Clinton in the race to become US President Comment BY FRANK MACAVENNIE 14th January 2017, 11:46 pm Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments CARDS on the table — I admire Donald Trump for what he’s achieved in business. But I didn’t think for a minute he’d beat Hillary Clinton in the race to become US President. When he did, I thought it might get a bit hairy. Comical at times too. However not the carnage so many feared. Getty Images 5 Frank didn’t think for a minute he’d beat Hillary Clinton in the race to become US President This week’s goings on have got me thinking again on that front. Politics across the Atlantic has reached new farcical levels. Trump isn’t even in the White House yet and what the world is watching is a proper circus. Did anyone predict how quickly it would all kick off? Put all the serious stuff to one side for a second. Forget about the unproven allegations of links between his campaign and the Kremlin. The accusation that has caught everyone’s attention is the one about him letting prostitutes pee in front of him in a Moscow hotel room. He said: “Does anyone believe that story? I’m also a germaphobe by the way. Believe me.” What an answer! As you can imagine, I’ve heard some denials in my time but this tops the lot. Something I’ve noticed about Trump in the past year or so is that, in his mind, he never does anything wrong. It doesn’t matter what you throw at him, he’ll deny it. He’ll deflect whatever is heading his way. Google the words “Donald Trump Says Sorry” and it’s needle-in-a-haystack stuff. His only bona fide apology in recent memory is the one that was made after the really vile and sleazy “locker room banter” scandal. Years earlier he’d boasted of “grabbing women by the p***y.” It was horrible. When you get yourself in trouble and it hits the Press, the best way to deal with the situation is to put your hands up and move on. Trump only ever wants to go on the attack. I still can’t believe he went on Twitter to have a pop at Meryl Streep about her Golden Globes speech. And say what you like about Meryl, she’s not “over-rated”. As the fallout from the Russia scandal goes on, there are millions of voters left in limbo, fed up and frustrated with life in the US. I feel really sorry for them. Many of them believed in Trump and thought he could change their lives. Some only picked him over Clinton in protest at the system which they think has failed them. I suppose it was their Brexit moment. Our politicians, for the most part, are similar. They don’t stick to their word and by hook or by crook end up serving the people who aren’t in need. I agreed with some of the stuff Trump said during the US presidential campaign. His country’s soldiers and army veterans should be looked after. Don’t forget, they’re fighting to keep their nation safe. And after the election it annoyed me that so many people weren’t prepared to accept the outcome. But he’s due to be sworn in on Friday and I can’t say with any certainty it’s going to happen. RONALDO TAKES A POUNDING DEADLY in the penalty box and equally as dangerous on Twitter. I’m talking about Michael Owen who, once again, has had a shocker on social media. He had a pop at his former Real Madrid team-mate Ronaldo for his size, saying: “I thought I was putting the pounds on until I saw my old mate Ronnie!” AP:Associated Press 5 Michael Owen who, once again, has had a shocker on social media The Brazilian was raging and had a pop back. A bit sensitive? Maybe, but Owen knows the lad has struggled with his weight. He shouldn’t have put that out there. Ronaldo was an unbelievable striker. He’s got nothing to prove. Who cares if he wants to spend his days eating? He’s earned it. FRANK’S FLUTTER I DON’T like a lot of books but Zlatan Ibrahimovic’s autobiography is one of the best I’ve read. The big man is a great character, and what a player as well. Getty Images 5 Zlatan Ibrahimovic’s autobiography is one of the best I’ve read He’s the reason I fancy Manchester United to beat Liverpool at Old Trafford today. HOPE FOR BRAVE MUM CONGRATULATIONS to Lennon Toland’s mum Leanne, who’s given birth to baby girl Crystal. She’s been through so much since he passed away. Last week I announced an Old Firm charity match on March 19 at Toryglen Football Centre in memory of Lennon, aged five when he was killed by a van as he walked home from school. All proceeds will go to Glasgow Children’s Hospital Charity (formerly Yorkhill). For tickets — priced £10 with kids going free — email me at macca@the-sun.co.uk MACCA’S CRACKER CAN’T believe it’s a decade since Britney Spears got a bit carried away with the hair clippers. She is a completely different woman these days and seems happier than ever before. Getty Images 5 It’s a decade since Britney Spears got a bit carried away with the hair clippers I’m delighted for her. And she’s started 2017 in fine form, looking stunning as she enjoyed her first Las Vegas gig of the year at Planet Hollywood. Britney, you’re on another planet. OLD FIRM, SAME OLD SQUABBLES THERE’S expected to be a hearing at the Court of Session in Edinburgh this week into claims Coral refused to pay out on a wager that Rangers would be relegated. I wouldn’t fancy ruling on that case. Even money says the guy doesn’t get his dosh, though. Social Media 5 Celtic and Rangers are squabbling about ticket money and toilet repairs Meanwhile, Celtic and Rangers are squabbling about ticket money and toilet repairs. Celtic think it’s been resolved but Rangers say talks are “ongoing”. What a mess. How the hell did this end up becoming public knowledge? They need to get round the toilet, sorry table, and sort this out. One thing’s for sure, normal service appears to have resumed in the Old Firm world. AGONY FRANK SOMETHING bothering you? Drop me a line with your problems and I’ll do my very best to help. Just email macca@ the-sun.co.uk Alright mucker, had a dream about my ex the other night. Feeling heavy guilty. Will I tell the missus? Are you mad? You’ll get it in the neck for something you’ve not even done. Frank, I don’t trust my sister’s new man. He likes rugby, doesn’t enjoy beer and says he hates Only Fools and Horses. What’s that about? This clown sounds like he’s beyond rescue. Have a word with her before it’s too late. Why does my husband go to a football match and stay out for three days drinking? Get yourself to a football match and you’d understand. Thanks very much to Wee Fat Boab, a reader of the column, for his Agony Frank email on Tuesday. His message –— about his new girlfriend and an Open University course — had me in stitches but, sadly, is a bit too crude for these pages. Remember, keep them clean folks! The Sun Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News FIRE PROBE Woman rushed to hospital after emergency services race to incident at house in Ayr News FANS' JET ARRESTS Three fans arrested over claims they disrupted an easyJet flight from Edinburgh to Berlin News THAT'S KARMA! Homeless man's life transformed after he offers couple who missed their last train his duvet News HOME DRAMA Five people rushed to hospital after an incident at a care home in Alexandria News BODY FIND Man, 39, arrested in connection with death of man in Cambuslang News Dunure set location Outlander stars Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe will embark on Ayrshire for filming of third season News supermarket sleep 'Lazy' woman spotted wearing her dressing gown while visiting Morrisons is shamed by onlooker News SOHAM SEX CHANGE Child killer Ian Huntley 'wants SEX CHANGE paid for by the NHS so he can serve life in woman's prison News Revealed HUNT FOR CORRIE We reveal seven clues Mum hopes could solve mystery of missing Scots airman Corrie McKeague - from his last… News HORROR ON THE ROADS One injured after horrific crash involving HGV and four parked cars in Guardbridge News BLAZE ARREST Brother of Milngavie death fire victim Cameron Logan held in connection with his murder News HIDDEN TRAUMA Twisted mother had sex with her son, 12, when he got into her bed because he was ill and scarred him for life News 'DOG ROMP' RAP Man 'had sex with pitbull called Baby Girl over 100 times' during 'years of abuse' News 'THEY'RE JUST DIRTY BIG PERVERTS' Mum-of-eight mechanic who complained over cuts to her £31,000 benefits says she is… News Exclusive CHECK YOUR BLIND SPOT Benefits cheat who claimed to be 'sightless' caught driving on a dual carriageway at 70mph News Most Popular FIRE PROBE Woman rushed to hospital after emergency services race to incident at house in Ayr News FAN FALL DRAMA Rangers fan falls '20ft over barrier to concrete below after attempting a handstand' before RB Leipzig… Football FANS' JET ARRESTS Three fans arrested over claims they disrupted an easyJet flight from Edinburgh to Berlin News Ibrox parking crackdown Rangers fans face parking ban near Ibrox on match day under council's new rules Football It's a Sam fan magnet! Outlander's 'Leoch Castle' set to be renovated as bosses struggle to cope with Sam Heughan fans… TV & Showbiz THAT'S KARMA! Homeless man's life transformed after he offers couple who missed their last train his duvet News TV TIMES What time is RB Leipzig vs Rangers on TV, what channel is it on and who is in the best form? Football HOME DRAMA Five people rushed to hospital after an incident at a care home in Alexandria News Dunure set location Outlander stars Sam Heughan and Caitriona Balfe will embark on Ayrshire for filming of third season News BODY FIND Man, 39, arrested in connection with death of man in Cambuslang News supermarket sleep 'Lazy' woman spotted wearing her dressing gown while visiting Morrisons is shamed by onlooker News Enough to drive motorists mad Here's how new DVLA car tax rules could end up costing you a fortune Living Exclusive rise of the machines With sex robots on the horizon, one woman reveals what it's like to sleep with a male sex doll Living SOHAM SEX CHANGE Child killer Ian Huntley 'wants SEX CHANGE paid for by the NHS so he can serve life in woman's prison News Exclusive Posh spite Victoria Beckham scuppers £10million Spice Girls reunion after calling in lawyers to block group from… TV & Showbiz Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Hot Topics: Boulder survey Vance Joseph allegations Pearl Street Mall closures HUD home sale Middle-incoming housing OK'd News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Boulder's Rush Bowls expands to Denver, launches franchise By Shay Castle Staff Writer Posted:   09/06/2016 04:26:05 PM MDT Updated:   09/06/2016 04:27:01 PM MDT Andrew Pudalov, founder of Boulder's Rush Bowls, at his restaurant on The Hill. (Cliff Grassmick / Staff Photographer) Once upon a time, Andrew Pudalov made his living as a head of global derivatives trading for a Wall Street firm. But after the stress of 9/11 and the birth of his two children, it was time for a change. Pudalov left New York and set up shop in Boulder, literally. He opened a juice shop, then called Xoom, on the Hill at 1207 13th St. The name and the concept quickly changed as Pudalov realized the future was in fruit and granola bowls, and renamed his business Rush Bowls. But the shop has remained for the past 12 years, each year busier than the last. Now, Rush Bowls is growing outside the Boulder bubble. A Denver store opened last week at 1665 Central St., and five to 10 more locations are planned within the next three years. The business also has launched a franchising model, hoping to spread to 20 locations over the next 12 months. Despite its success on the Hill — revenue is up 20 percent in the past year — the Rush Bowls team is targeting an older demographic as it expands. "We're focusing more on areas that have a strong presence of working professionals in their 20's and 30's," said Mark Kranjcec, a partner and chief marketing officer. "The key for new locations is being part of a vibrant community of health-minded people who lead active lifestyles." Interest has come from warm-weather areas such as Florida, California and Texas, but also such northern urban centers as Toronto and New York. Advertisement The franchise move was fueled in part by a partnership with Buddy Brown, a Boulder resident who owns more than 300 fast-food franchises, including Hardee's, Carl's Jr., Dunkin Donuts and Taco Bell. And it comes at a time when fruit and granola bowls are rising in popularity. Google "smoothie bowls" and you'll find articles from Huffington Post and Buzzfeed, plus tons of recipes, blogs and photos from home chefs. Google searches for smoothie bowls began to climb sharply in late 2013, reaching a peak in June of this year. It seems the world is finally catching up to what Pudalov suspected over a decade ago. "We've been here 12 years for a reason," he said. "People were ignoring college kids, assuming they didn't care about eating healthy. That was a miscalculation." As for his own move from big-time finance guru to granola peddler, Pudalov couldn't be happier. "I'm definitely not as rich," he joked, "but this is my calling." Shay Castle: 303-473-1626, castles@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/shayshinecastle Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Longmont 7-Eleven robbed in early morning Ahead of Lafayette's climate bill vote, backers affirm resistance to fracking CU Boulder battling to save oaks from feasting bugs   BOCOPREPS (Cliff Grassmick / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Wrestling: Frederick hosts state's first girls-only prep tournament Warrior Invite brings 80 girls from 42 schools FREDERICK — There may be hundreds of girls in Colorado alone who love the sport of wrestling. Heck, maybe even thousands. Full Story Boys basketball: Mead goes deep to knock off Skyline Wrestling: Centaurus' Atiba Obika learns from loss to Niwot's Tommy Stager Girls basketball: Monarch's Carter developing into an elite point guard Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Letters to the editor: 11/14/16 Saturday Jan 14, 2017 at 7:36 PM Jan 14, 2017 at 7:36 PM My tenure as chairman For the past two years, I have had the honor of serving as the chairman for the San Bernardino County Board of Supervisors. Through the collaboration and support of many departments, outside agencies, and elected officials, we have ensured that the county continues to thrive towards a prosperous future for all of its residents. The county is in a better position than it has been in the past. As chairman, I prioritized homelessness as a critical focus area for the board. We executed strategies to end veteran homelessness. After successfully housing more than 500 homeless veterans, we expanded our focus to target the chronically homeless including youth and families. I remain confident that we can dramatically reduce the rate of those affected by this epidemic by continuing to work together. I have been a strong advocate for our employees and I will continue to be one in the future. It is with great pride that my last act as chairman, the board and the county CEO formed a Worker’s Compensation Task Force made up of representatives from our largest employee unions; Sheriff’s Employees’ Benefit Association, Teamsters, and Service Employees International Union as well as representatives from the County Administrative Office, Human Resources and Risk Management. This task force will provide a forum for open dialogue and assist us in understanding and addressing issues that affect employee access to benefits. As a lifelong resident of this county whose ancestors were the first people to call San Bernardino County “home,” serving as board chairman has been a great source of pride for me and my family. I would like to thank my colleagues, our county employees, and the residents of this great county for the support over these past two years. I look forward to continuing to work for the residents of the Third District. James Ramos Third District Supervisor County of San Bernardino Liberty never sleeps Last month the D.C. Court of Appeals issued a decision in Dr. Michael Mann’s defamation case against National Review Magazine and the Competitive Enterprise Institute. The court decided en banc to dismiss Dr. Mann’s claims of intentional infliction of emotional distress, but upheld the case for defamation to go to trial, which criticized Dr. Mann’s infamous “hockey-stick” graph, as having scientific proof of man-made global warming. NRO and CEI associates Marc Steyn and Rand Simberg suggested that Dr. Mann’s data had been “molested.” Even the Obama Administration’s own Department of Justice looked into the unheard of and dangerous proposition to federally prosecute climate-change deniers for their opposition under a Rico Act stipulation, but finally washed their hands of it realizing such a government venture was a foolish endeavor. So what in tarnation is going on here? For the first time in history, Americans have the ability to get their information unfiltered from the lens of government or from the biases of editorial judgment and national news organizations. Essentially, major media has lost control of their message. Barack Obama was the first president who recognized the power of social media and its ability to connect with far more voters on the Internet. Later he suggested that the “wild West” media atmosphere, which broadcasts “all kinds of crazy, toxic stuff,” needs a filter. Some kind of “curating function,” whereby news would be filtered for “truthiness.” Clearly the First Amendment forbids government from regulating speech in such a way so I assume he was suggesting providers such as Google, Facebook, and Twitter, filter information before letting it reach the masses. Even so there is a problem with these organizations as they have already exhibited bias. Not dissimilar to major broadcast media, and by a margin of three to one, these biases have purged the scientific opposition of climate change and the conservative pop-rhetoric of rabble-rousers such as Milo Yiannopoulos, James O'Keefe and libertarian law professor Glenn Reynolds, respectively. Arbitration and the free flow of information, whether it be by government or an appointed entity, is still considered an affront to speech. We can guard against discrimination by ensuring that technological processes preserve the right to speak, offend, ridicule, hate, or even lie without sanction. The lesson to learn here is that our defense of liberty must never sleep… Bryan A. Cook Phelan Yet more violations Your recent article (“Court: Apple Valley Town Council violated Brown Act in 2013 with Walmart MOU”) is just another example of the double standards of a Town Council that shows no regard for the law. Although the Town attacked the recent citizen initiative (Measure V), in part because Liberty Utilities provided $200,000 to $300,000 in its support, the Town had no objection to Walmart, from 2011 through 2013, putting up in excess of $1.6 million to support the initiative and its ballot measure committee (Apple Valley Consumers for Choice), this according to Walmart Major Donor disclosures on the state website. I have to wonder what the Town paid in legal fees to pursue another losing legal battle in the courts.  Is anyone keeping a tally on the cost of their losses with only a $45,000 budget contingency for litigation? Many were surprised this was still a legal case pursued by the Town, especially with it going through the Superior Court, and then the appeals court, and not appearing on the Council closed session agendas.  More Brown Act violations? Leane Lee Apple Valley Kudos to Liberty A lot of companies and many individuals celebrate the holiday season by donating their time and treasury to those in need. Your article about the charitable giving by Liberty Utilities and their employees made me appreciate them and their efforts for others. Meals for 120 families fed hundreds of our neighbors "displaced by natural disasters and loss of income" who would otherwise have been hungry on Christmas day. One hundred pairs of socks and shoes for needy schoolchildren enabled them to come back to school this week with warm and dry feet and a better outlook on life. Gift cards and thousands of dollars in donations from the employees of the utility showed that their hearts are in the right place. The Liberty employees even donated and delivered toys to children from Apple Valley to Barstow. You know, giving to others truly embraces the reason for the sanson. It gave me great joy to read about it in the Daily Press. Pat Hanson Apple Valley About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases The chilling moment an SUV-driving prostitute deliberately runs over and kills a fleeing man after a 'domestic dispute' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 A least they can have a joint party! Husband, wife and their son ALL share the same birthday More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next Water under the bridge: John Kerry travels to Vietnam's Bay Hap river to meet Viet Cong foe who tried to kill him in attack on his patrol boat in 1969 John Kerry's boat was attacked by guerrilla fighters during the Vietnam War One such fighter was 70-year-old shrimp farmer Vo Ban Tam   Kerry returned to the spot of the attack which won him an award for bravery He warmly shook the hand of Vo Ban Tam as the two discussed the battle  It was one of Kerry's last overseas trips as Obama's secretary of state   By Anna Hopkins For Dailymail.com and Afp Published: 23:44 EST, 14 January 2017 | Updated: 14:21 EST, 15 January 2017 e-mail 66 shares 103 View comments Viet Cong veteran Vo Ban Tam remembers the first time he crossed paths with John Kerry on the banks on the Bay Hap river, a day that ended in bloodshed. Almost a half-century later, the now 70-year-old Mekong Delta shrimp farmer locked eyes with the US Secretary of State on Saturday and they warmly grasped hands in mutual respect. Kerry returned to the Vietnam waterway at the end of a visit to the Communist nation, less than a week before he was to leave office, searching for the spot where he won a Silver Star for bravery as a young US Navy lieutenant. On February 28, 1969, as the skipper of Swift Boat PCF-94, Kerry was patrolling when Vo Ban Tam's unit launched an ambush.  Scroll down for video  US Secretary of State John Kerry shakes hands with Vo Ban Tam, 70, who was a member of the former Viet Cong guerrilla and who took part in the attack on Kerry's Swift Boat in 1969 The plan, the Vietnamese guerrilla told his former adversary on Saturday, was to use rifle and grenade fire to lure the heavily-armed American craft into range of a shoulder-held rocket launcher. Kerry won a Silver Star for bravery for his actions during the guerrilla attack - he shot dead one Vietnamese fighter, and saved his crew from a counterattack  This tactic had paid off for the Viet Cong in the past but on this day Kerry made a dramatic decision, deliberately beaching his boat then storming ashore to pursue the operator. Grabbing an M-16 rifle the then 26-year-old chased down the guerrilla and shot him dead, saving his crew from a counterattack. Vo Ban Tam remembered the dead man, 24-year-old Ba Thanh, as a respected member of the Viet Cong's main force in Ca Mau province, trained to use the prized launcher. 'He was a good soldier,' he recalled, speaking through an interpreter on the banks of same river, shortly after Kerry re-visited the scene of the ambush for the first time. Kerry had never before learned the name of the man he shot. During his unsuccessful 2004 White House campaign, opponents tarnished his war record by claiming he killed a teenager. Vo Ban Tam admitted that thanks to Kerry's action the Viet Cong had not been victorious that day, but he recalled proudly how his comrades often had the upper hand But US officials preparing for Kerry's visit tracked down Vo Ban Tam and his account confirmed Kerry's memory that his slain adversary was an adult. Vo Ban Tam admitted that thanks to Kerry's action the Viet Cong had not been victorious that day. But he recalled proudly how his comrades often had the upper hand. 'We were guerrillas, we were never there where you were shooting,' he boasted, telling Kerry they could hear his boat coming that day a kilometer off. 'Well, I'm glad we're both alive,' Kerry said.  Kerry became an anti-war activist after returning home later that year, despite holding Silver and Bronze stars, and three Purple Hearts  Kerry returned from Vietnam later in 1969. Despite holding Silver and Bronze stars for valor and three Purple Hearts for being wounded in action, he became a prominent anti-war activist. The tall, young, erudite Yale graduate stood out among veterans and his devastating testimony before a Senate committee in 1971 sealed his celebrity. He forecast that Washington's search-and-destroy missions and brutal pacification measures would fail to overcome the Vietnamese determination to resist foreign occupation. On behalf of his own American comrades in arms, he famously demanded: 'How can you ask a man to be the last man to die for a mistake?' US Secretary of State John Kerry (L) and Dartmouth College associate professor of history Edward Miller ride a boat on the Bay Hap river in Vietnam, searching for the spot where the 1969 battle took place, on January 14, 2017 Kerry went on to become a senator, a presidential candidate and finally secretary of state -- and he never forgot Vietnam, becoming a leader in the post-war reconciliation. Now, with just days to go before the start of Donald Trump's presidency marks the end of his tenure at the State Department, Kerry plans more visits. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Kerry starts swansong tour in Vietnam with Asia push Kerry back in Vietnam on last diplomatic tour Share this article Share He wants to work on environmental problems with the Lower Mekong Initiative while he and fellow veterans are involved in plans to open a US-funded Fulbright University in Vietnam. Pollution and climate change are now the biggest threat to the Mekong Delta - father of 10 Vo Ban Tam saw his entire shrimp stock wiped out last year by pollution Pollution and climate change are now the biggest threat to the Mekong Delta with encroaching salination a huge issue -- father of 10 Vo Ban Tam saw his entire shrimp stock wiped out last year by pollution. The United States is a huge market for Vietnamese shrimp, but measures to deepen trade ties are threatened by Trump's opposition to measures like the Trans-Pacific Partnership.  Vietnam was the first stop on Kerry's last foreign trip as Washington's top diplomat, and he wanted to return there after meetings with senior officials. Two days before he had been having a sleepless night in Hanoi's French colonial-era Hotel Metropole, an aide told AFP. Kerry began pouring over Google's online map, zooming in on the lazy curves of the Mekong Delta's waterways in order to find the spot. He also called his former turret gunner from his boat to compare memories of the fateful day and prepare the expedition. On Saturday, sitting on the prow of a tourist boat with Dartmouth College historian and Vietnam War expert Ed Miller, Kerry spread a copy of a war-era map across his knees. Kerry began pouring over Google's online map, zooming in on the lazy curves of the Mekong Delta's waterways in order to find the spot of the attack  He also called his former turret gunner from his boat to compare memories of the fateful day and prepare the expedition Using the chart, Miller's studies and his own memories he guided the vessel up the muddy creek. Families came out of their homes to watch the small flotilla pass where decades before they might have fled for cover. 'This right here, where we are right now, was a very heavily Viet Cong controlled area,' he told reporters, noting that insurgent activity in Ca Mau went back to French rule. Leaders in Washington back then had not understood this, mistaking a fight against Vietnamese self-reliance and patriotism for a Cold War geopolitical struggle, he argued. Despite holding Silver and Bronze stars for valour and three Purple Hearts for being wounded in action, John Kerry became a prominent anti-war activist ©Alex Brandon (Pool/AFP) The lessons of US failure in Vietnam have stayed with him as he studied more recent crises. 'It impressed on me the notion that you really need to analyse and understand what lies underneath the slogans,' Kerry told reporters on the boat. And in a dig at George W. Bush, the president who defeated Kerry in 2004, he cited an example from the US war in Iraq: 'It helps to know the difference between Sunni and Shia.' Reflecting on the moment, Kerry said: 'It's weird. It's a little surreal.' Share or comment on this article e-mail 66 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Semi truck clips snow plow in Spanish Fork Canyon 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (103) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used... The chilling moment an SUV-driving prostitute deliberately runs over and kills a fleeing man after a... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... A least they can have a joint party! Husband, wife and their son all share the same birthday More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... Thousands across the country march in support of Obamacare as Republicans come weeks away from repealing it Reince Preibus warns ethics chief to 'be careful' after he accused Donald Trump of risking a conflict of... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane Donald blasted after he hits back at civil rights hero John Lewis on MLK weekend who claimed Trump will not be a 'legitimate' president Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in Gun-wielding nurse 'slaughtered her husband and two teen daughters as they slept in their beds' before being shot by police More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Gadgets Intuition Robotics ElliQ ElliQ is an Amazon Echo copycat for your grandma January 12, 2017 4:02 PM PST Intuition Robotics We saw no shortage of Amazon Echo copycats at CES. ElliQ is another such device in the mold of Amazon's always-listening speaker, except ElliQ is specifically designed for the elderly. From Intuition Robotics, a startup focused on technology for social companionship, the ElliQ was designed by Yves Behar's firm fuseproject, and it has the look of a slick, futuristic device. The main piece has what looks like two all-white lamps stacked on each other. The top one moves around and lights up to give ElliQ a personality. The secondary piece is essentially a tablet that ElliQ can control to show more information and start video calls. Tailored for senior citizens At first glance, nothing about ElliQ screams "Echo for the elderly" to me, but apparently, it's meant to have personality without looking like a robot and thus being off-putting for those uncomfortable with new tech. Other Alexa imitators Rokid Pebble Baidu Little Fish SmartBeings WooHoo Like the Echo, ElliQ can play music or podcasts. You can control it with your voice without having to read or touch anything. Beyond the Echo, ElliQ will tell you if you've received a message and help you interact with social media. In the debut video, when a young relative posts a picture message, ElliQ informs the convivial grandmother, and offers to show the picture on the screen. The grandmother then dictates a response to ElliQ. I like the idea of vocal push notifications -- something the Echo doesn't have -- which would be especially useful to help a senior citizen with the tech. ElliQ can also offer reminders about appointments, and urge you to take your medicine or go out for a walk. Supposedly, ElliQ learns and adapts to behavior over time. Showing off ElliQ On display starting today at the Design Museum in London, Intuition Robotics will start trial runs with ElliQ in the bay area next month. Since it doesn't work with Amazon's Alexa, the Google Assistant or Apple's Siri, I'll need to see it to believe that it responds as seamlessly to voice commands as shown in the company's video. 57 Check out all the smart home products at CES 2017 (so far) As the first always-listening voice assistant that's proactive as well as reactive, ElliQ will also need to walk the line with those push notifications and avoid becoming annoying. I admire the active approach to using tech to engage with elderly relatives, but my grandma, for one, would toss it in the garbage the first time it overstepped its bounds and annoyed her. We don't have any pricing information on ElliQ yet, but hopefully the gamble of giving your older relative a high-tech companion will be a reasonable splurge. Editors' Top Picks See All Amazon Echo Starting at: $179.99 Amazon's smart speaker was arguably the breakout product of 2015. Now, for 2016, we're... Lifx Color 1000 Smart Bulb Starting at: $89.99 The second-gen Lifx Color 1000 is best at brightness, efficiency, color quality and ease... Philips Hue Wireless Dimming Kit Starting at: $31.79 Leave your phone in your pocket -- for $40, the Philips Hue Wireless Dimming Kit gives... BeOn Starter Pack Starting at: $129.00 BeOn's smart LEDs promise to fool burglars into thinking that you're home and will work...   Discuss: Intuition Robotics ElliQ Conversation powered by Livefyre Where to Buy Intuition Robotics ElliQ Part Number: CNETElliQ Visit manufacturer site for details. About The Author facebook twitter google Andrew Gebhart Andrew has been writing for a while, especially if you include the superhero comics he wrote as a kid. More recently, he was the lead writer on a textbook for Kaplan, but now, he’s made the trek from Chicago to review appliances in Louisville. Andrew gets excited by smartly designed tech, particularly when it gives him superpowers in his own home. CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
  Home     U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest headlines World News You mag Event Books Mail Shop Bingo Property Horoscopes Blogs Motoring My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Join the glow-getters behind the beauty Oscars By Jo Fairley Published: 19:03 EST, 14 January 2017 | Updated: 19:03 EST, 14 January 2017 e-mail View comments The beauty world’s networking club Cosmetic Executive Women has been building brands, boosting careers and hosting the industry’s most coveted awards for 25 years. To celebrate, we’re giving you the chance to help choose this year’s make-up and skincare heroes CEW president Caroline Neville with Joan Collins They do say that it’s not what you know but who you know. And if ever an organisation was the embodiment of that it’s Cosmetic Executive Women. For the past 25 years, CEW – as it is known to insiders – has been bringing people working in the beauty world together, helping them to advance careers, build brands and have a good time while they’re at it via some appropriately glamorous events. THE HALL OF FAME  The CEW Product Demonstration at Olympia London is the beauty world’s hottest ticket. It’s the perfect platform for new brands to launch – and for classic brands to strut their stuff.  CEW members – true beauty insiders – then vote on the products put forward for the awards each year, meaning that every win in the CEW Beauty Awards is something to shout about.  And some products win year after year – affirming their status as true beauty classics in this highly competitive world. You may be familiar with most of the following… Liz Earle Cleanse & Polish Hot Cloth Cleanser (winner in 2010, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016) Aussie 3 Minute Miracle range (2007, 2009, 2010, 2012 and 2013) Elizabeth Arden Eight Hour Cream Skin Protectant (2007, 2009, 2011 and 2012) Clarins Beauty Flash Balm (2006, 2008 and 2010) Batiste Dry Shampoo (2010, 2011, 2012, 2015 and 2016) St Tropez range (2009, 2010, 2012 and 2016) Benefit – Best New Make-up Product, Eyes, Prestige (2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016) Marc Jacobs – Best New Women’s Fragrance, Prestige (2008, 2010, 2012, 2016) Meanwhile Clarins has notched up 13 trophies and Elemis and Liz Earle Beauty Co 12 each, while Charlotte Tilbury has confirmed her status as make-up’s meteoric star with six wins in the past two years alone. CEW was established in the UK in 1992 in the footsteps of its highly successful US sister organisation. At the time, very few women held top jobs in the cosmetics world – which is extraordinary when you consider that it’s predominantly women who buy beauty products.  But today, CEW’s roll call of 1,200 members is a Who’s Who of the beauty world – from make-up artists and super-facialists to journalists and ad execs – and (hurrah!) many of CEW’s female members now hold some of the top jobs in the industry. (Since 2014, men have also been invited to join, although they are still outnumbered by the organisation’s feminine force.) As Twiggy, who was honoured in the CEW Achiever Awards, observes: ‘CEW is a fabulous network of dynamic beauty professionals that enables women in business to create opportunities to grow their careers or brands.’ And now you too can gain insight into the business and networking secrets of some of CEW’s highest-profile members, which are invaluable whatever field you work in. As regular readers will know, CEW is also famous for its Beauty Awards, the winners of which are featured every year in YOU. Regarded as the Oscars of the cosmetics world, the awards help women take a short cut to the products that really work, recommended by those in the know.  Winners are showcased – and sell out – on QVC and in retailers nationwide and, as you can see from the Hall of Fame (see box, right), CEW has helped propel many products to ‘beauty classic’ status. To celebrate 25 years of CEW fabulousness, we are offering the chance for one reader and a friend to attend two CEW Beauty Awards events: the CEW Product Demonstration in London – the beauty world’s most coveted event, with a swag bag to swoon for – and the glittering and delicious CEW Beauty Awards lunch, which celebrates the best in the industry. Here you will be among the first to know which products from the hundreds judged by CEW’s members are about to be fast-tracked to cosmetic superstardom, following in the footsteps of classics such as Liz Earle Cleanse & Polish Hot Cloth Cleanser, Aussie 3 Minute Miracle Reconstructor and Clarins Beauty Flash Balm.   Isabella Rossellini, interviewed by Jo Fairley Beneath the immaculately made-up image that CEW presents to the world, however, this is a very serious organisation. Apart from regularly assembling some of the brightest business talent under one roof – many of whom are engaged in its ongoing mentoring programme to help younger women soar in the beauty world – CEW has notched up many other impressive achievements along the way.  These include lobbying to have the beauty industry’s contribution to the UK economy recognised (via a reception hosted by the then Chancellor George Osborne at No 11 Downing Street); compiling an invaluable handbook – Living & Working with Cancer – for women affected by the disease; donating an ovarian cancer scanner to St Bart’s hospital and a breast cancer scanner to The Royal Marsden, and donating £175,000 to the Eve Appeal for its research project that will provide women with screening and/or prevention options. So, all together now, happy birthday, CEW. And here’s to another 25 beautiful years. AN AUDIENCE WITH THE STARS    Celebrity beauty ranges and fragrance launches have consistently grabbed headlines over the past 20 years. And let’s not forget the famous women who have become the iconic faces of beauty brands. CEW’s membership has been lucky enough to hear first-hand from the women concerned, who have shared their stories at hot-ticket breakfasts and lunches. The stellar line-up has included… Isabella Rossellini Christy Turlington Sarah Jessica Parker Elle Macpherson (right) Kylie Minogue Joan Collins   THE BEAUTY MOGULS’ INSIDER SECRETS At seminars, workshops and panels, CEW members get to hear from fellow beauty high-flyers about how they built their businesses. There’s a wealth of wisdom to be shared, and it applies even if your business has nothing to do with moisturisers and mascaras. Here’s what every entrepreneur or would-be successful woman can learn from some of CEW’s highest-profile figures. Nicola Mendelsohn CBE, Vice President of Facebook Europe, the Middle East and Africa Make mobile the focus for your business. The average person is spending three hours a day consuming content on a mobile device and it’s a huge opportunity for businesses to reach their audience. Be disruptive (or get disrupted). Even the most powerful and seemingly successful companies aren’t immune to something bigger, brighter and better coming along. Train your business to expect constant change – and build the capacity to adapt to it. Get a mentor – and become one. It’s so important to build yourself a personal board of directors: a close group of people who champion you, confidantes you can count on and coaches to help you make the right decisions. But make sure to be on other people’s boards, too. You would be surprised at how much you can learn by being a sounding board for other people. Chrissie Rucker MBE, Founder of The White Company Think like a customer all the time. Make sure that you test and experience your product, service and brand experience as a customer, because this is vital. Always have a longer-term vision and spend time creating it as a team. Knowing what you want to be in five or even ten years’ time really helps decision making. It is also important to focus on which projects are the most important to deliver. I’m a great believer in doing five things really well rather than 20 badly. Be resilient and calm. Things will go wrong, that is inevitable, but getting stressed doesn’t help. It’s a gift to run your own business, so enjoy it and remember to make proper time to celebrate the great moments with your team. Aileen Dalisay, UK Head of health and beauty, Google Great ideas can come from anyone in your company. Innovation is not exclusive to your research and development department, nor your digital team. So create an atmosphere of open communication, collaboration and sharing of ideas. Be willing to implement new concepts and test their effectiveness. Think more about the customer than the competition. Provide the best user experience and they will love what you have to offer. Continually analyse what their problems and needs are, and how you can best fulfil these. One of my favourite stories is of a brand that tracked what people were searching for online about hair colour and from there discovered ombré hair colouring, which is now massive. And finally, focus, focus, focus. There is nothing more harmful to growth and innovation than too many things at once. Choose fewer, bigger bets that drive transformational growth. Ask yourself: will this help me reach 10,000 customers or would I rather focus my time on building a product to serve one million customers?   AND THE GONGS HAVE GONE TO… Less well-known than the Beauty Awards are CEW’s Achiever Awards, which recognise talented people in the beauty world. One winner, make-up artist Charlotte Tilbury, observed that scooping a CEW Achiever Award was a game-changer. As you can see, she’s in very good company.   2007 Roja Dove is the industry’s most respected perfumer and leading authority on the history of scent. He has the incredible ability to identify over 800 different scents blindfolded.   2008 Carolina Herrera Since starting her fashion label in 1982, Carolina has dressed Oprah Winfrey, Renée Zellweger and, most notably, Jackie Onassis. Her debut scent launched in 1988 and her most famous fragrance, 212, in 1997.   2009 John Frieda is one of Britain’s most iconic hairstylists, with clients including the late Princess of Wales. Described as the founding father of modern hair products, he opened his first salon in 1976 and in 1988 his range debuted in Boots.   2012 Dame Anita Roddick founded the ethical and natural beauty store The Body Shop in 1976. She died in 2007; her award was given posthumously.   2016 Terry de Gunzburg The French-born cosmetics guru was recruited by Yves Saint Laurent in 1985 to develop the fashion house’s make-up range. She created YSL’s cult highlighting pen Touche Eclat, one of which is sold every ten seconds. She launched her own brand, By Terry, in 1998. 2002 Mary Quant OBE The fashion designer is famous for creating the miniskirt in the 1960s. She expanded her brand into cosmetics and, in 1966, created the Paintbox, a make-up palette boasting ‘everything you need for today’s face, all together, ready for action’.   2003 Evelyn Lauder was a driving force behind the success of the Estée Lauder companies. She was involved in new approaches to skincare and make-up and came up with the name for Clinique in the 60s. She died in 2011.   2004 Dame Vivienne Westwood helped set the style for punk music in the 70s and 80s. She launched her first fragrance, Boudoir, in 1998. For the past decade, Westwood and her husband and design partner Andreas Kronthaler have worked with make-up artist Val Garland.   2005 Barbara Hulanicki made her name with the cult fashion brand Biba, which she started with her late husband Stephen Fitz-Simon. Biba was the first store that let customers try make-up before buying it.   2007 Diane von Furstenberg The Belgian-born fashion designer, who is best known for her iconic wrap dress, launched a beauty line in 1978, plus her first fragrance, Tatiana, named after her daughter. DVF is now a global luxury lifestyle brand sold in more than 55 countries.    HOW TO NETWORK LIKE A PRO Vasiliki Petrou, chairman of CEW and executive vice president of Unilever Prestige, reveals how to make connections that count. Do your research If you can find out beforehand who is attending your event, you’ll get much more out of it. Build up a target list of who you would love to meet and a little on their recent projects/experience to get the ball rolling when you do encounter them. By knowing who you should speak to you can manage your time more effectively and make it more valuable. Step out of your comfort zone If you work within a small industry it is tempting to speak to the same people every time. Resist this urge and make sure you speak to someone new. I follow the 70/30 approach – spending 70 per cent of time making new connections, and the rest maintaining existing ones. Find common ground While we are there for a business need, it’s key to show your human side in order to form relationships. I always aim to discuss at least one thing outside of work when networking – people become much more receptive and conversation flows so much better when you realise you share the same love of art or have young children in common. Share your experiences Talking about key challenges can help to build common ground with peers, as often they will be experiencing the same thing. Obviously I don’t suggest sharing strategy secrets with competitors, but there is a lot we can learn from each other, especially in such a digitally vibrant world. Make time to follow up Don’t leave it until the next event to continue the conversation. We all have good intentions of arranging that breakfast/lunch/drink but it’s easy to let time slip. Set some time in your diary the day after to follow up with the people you hit it off with and get a date in. I’ve had some of my best meetings following this rule.    WHAT THE WINNERS SAY Vanita Parti MBE, founder of Blink Brow Bars ‘I was thrilled to receive the CEW Members’ Award for Achievement in 2009. I joined CEW to learn and share knowledge with people in the beauty industry. Being recognised by those I admired and worked with raised Blink Brow Bar’s profile hugely. I appreciate how CEW encourages start-up brands through accolades and networking events. It is also wonderful to hear about women who have pushed against boundaries and grown in the beauty industry, which inspires me to continue to do just that.’     Twiggy, model ‘CEW is a fabulous network of dynamic beauty professionals and enables women in business to create opportunities to grow their careers or brands. As a woman in the beauty industry for many years, it was an honour to be recognised with a CEW Lifetime Achiever Award. I love the beauty industry and I’ve had so much fun over the past year creating my own beauty range with M&S, so I’m sure I’ll continue to work with CEW for many years to come.’ Charlotte Tilbury, founder of Charlotte Tilbury make-up ‘CEW is an industry institution. Caroline [Neville, CEW president] and her team have supported me in so many ways. Winning the CEW Achiever Award in 2014 and four CEW Beauty Awards in 2016 was a game-changing moment for me.’   Thea Green MBE, founder of Nails Inc ‘I have been a member of CEW for 15 years. I love how it supports the beauty industry with its different initiatives – it really is a great support network for women in beauty. In 2002 I was honoured to receive a CEW Achiever Award for my brand, which really enforced the UK beauty industry’s love for nails.’   Margo Marrone, founder of The Organic Pharmacy ‘CEW was a huge support to The Organic Pharmacy in our early days. I had never before come across a network that supported women in such a positive way. Winning the Members’ Achiever Award in 2004 gave a new brand like us a huge boost. I am forever grateful for this and the continued support of CEW.’  WIN tickets to the beauty Oscars! CEW has teamed up with YOU to give one lucky reader the chance to experience the glamour of the CEW Beauty Awards for themselves. We are offering tickets for you and a friend to attend the 2017 CEW Product Demonstration Evening and the CEW Winners’ Announcement Lunch. One of the most anticipated events in the beauty industry calendar, the 2017 Product Demonstration Evening will be held at London’s Olympia on Tuesday 21 February 2017. Here the winner and a friend can discover more than 300 of the year’s most exciting products, talk to brand experts about their latest innovations and enjoy mini treatments and drinks in the relaxation area, before leaving with a goody bag containing a selection of the products featured on the day. Then, at the CEW Winners’ Announcement Lunch and awards ceremony in April, you can both enjoy a sit-down lunch at the London Hilton on Park Lane with some of the top names in beauty, and be among the first to learn which products will be taking home a coveted Beauty Oscar. The event will be held on Friday 28 April 2017. HOW TO ENTER Visit mailonsunday.co.uk/YOUbeautycomp and enter your details. Terms and conditions The competition is open until 11.59pm on Saturday 21 January 2017. One winner will be drawn at random after the competition closes and will be notified via email within one week of the closing date. Prizes are non-transferable and there is no cash alternative. The competition is open to citizens of the UK, aged 18 or over. Employees of Associated Newspapers, CEW associates and their families, households or agents are not eligible to enter. Usual promotion rules apply, See mailonsunday.co.uk/furtherterms. Accommodation and transport to and from the events not included. To access the Product Demonstration Evening, photo ID will be required. One goody bag each. The editor’s decision is final. If you enter after the competition closing date your entry will not be counted. Additional photos: Michael Bowles, Rex/Shutterstock, Silverhub, kurtrebry.com, Vianney le Caer, Getty Images, Wireimage, Francesco Guidicini, Wireimage for Matches Fashion, Jon Bradley Share or comment on this article e-mail Comments (0) Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' 'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico     MORE DON'T MISS He's endured divorce, death, disaster... and a feud with Richard Branson. Now Mike Oldfield's back - and he's plotting a gleaming new Tubular Bells Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  68-year-old considers working with young band 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels Hollywood icon by sipping wine and posing in red bra and skirt on the kitchen counter New year, new look? Jemma Lucy and fellow reality star Chantelle Connelly are uncharacteristically covered up as they join forces for night out Dressing down CBB's Jamie O'Hara sets his sight on Bianca Gascoigne following his short-lived flirtation with Jasmine Waltz  'Holding back' Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai Early morning tweeting Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Doting mum Sam Faiers opts for casual look in beige top as she leaves baby Paul at home for book signing Showcased her petite frame What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together but the pair 'remain friends' 'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's presidential inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch Dinner with one of his sons in West Hollywood Exclusive food special: Sugar-free in a Hurry - Davina reveals her rules for healthy eating, unfriends a superfood and recalls a lunch that reduced her to tears Casually-clad Tom Hardy happily signs autographs as he causes a fan frenzy at LAX after successful debut of new series Taboo 'She's just special': Mark Wright leads the tributes as wife Michelle Keegan wins praise from fans for 'amazing' performance in Tina And Bobby Former X Factor winner Alexandra Burke flaunts her rock hard abs in sporty crop top and skinny jeans as she steps out in style Top form She's the wurst! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton showcases her ample cleavage in plunging sundress as she feeds male admirer her sausage 'I've picked my boy's name!' Stephanie Davis 'to name newborn son after stranger who chatted her up'... as she denies ex Jeremy McConnell 'reached out'  What a hoot! The Duchess of Cambridge aged seven, helping to build the Middleton family's party millions  Kate with blower at full stretch and a stripey hat 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled 'Calum won't change his good behaviour now that I'm out!' Angie Best becomes first housemate to be evicted from Celebrity Big Brother CBB surprise! Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry, Apprentice's Jessica Cunningham and Kim Woodburn enter after Austin Armacost's SHOCK eviction Uma Thurman's ex accuses her of having serious mental illness and mixing alcohol with drugs during nasty custody battle over four-year-old Luna Take THAT! The Voice forced to pay Gary Barlow royalties for using his music... as his rival series Let It Shine faces criticism for letting West End stars audition 'Progress not perfection': Vicky Pattison shows off her post-Christmas weight loss by flaunting her figure in topless mirror selfie That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice TOWIE star Megan McKenna displays her perky cleavage and taut midriff in sequinned bikini as she continues her idyllic Caribbean getaway 'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Pressure is on Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's north London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  The Crystal Maze set to make a comeback hosted by Richard Ayoade on Channel 4 After the success of the one-off charity special Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA Stylish figure It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' 'Stabbed in the back'  She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after THAT skinny dip with the pop star Ibiza Weekender star Imogen Townley suffers a nip-slip in plunging swimsuit as she frolics on the beach during girls' holiday in Spain with Lisa Appleton Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London From Panto and Hollywood to running a tea shop and voicing the Bible: What became of all 34 former Blue Peter presenters after they left the classic children's show  A touch of royalty! Zara Phillips and Jodi Anasta lead the fashion stakes at Magic Millions race day in Queensland It's the horse race that stops the Gold Coast Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series Snatch Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York Kooky style He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage and pert poserior in tiny negligee for 'polaroid' snaps while teasing secret new project 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters 'Leave it till after 10, there are kids watching!' EastEnders fans express outrage as Kim Fox calls her sister Denise a 'cold-hearted b***h' in pre-watershed broadcast Leader of the pack! An athletic looking Joanna Krupa shows off her toned legs while walking her four pups to the park 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Model looks Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown PICTURE EXCLUSIVE! Katie Price goes completely naked for calendar as she debuts new horse tattoo... before crouching in sexy thigh-high boots Thirsty work! Jennifer Hawkins beats the heat with a refreshing coconut and displays her leopard-print bikini during Maldives jaunt with Jake Wall Little boy lost who took 25 years to find his way back home to mum: Saroo Brierley used Google Earth to track down his family 6,000 miles away - as portrayed in film starring Nicole Kidman  Kat Graham leggy and lovely at swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio Two outfits She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Stylishly sporty look  Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: How World Cup hero Bobby Moore's widow Stephanie has found new love with another married man Michelle Keegan shines as a footballer's wife in the '60s with the same name as the Coronation Street character that made her famous, by Jim Shelley Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging around Ringing in the polo! Shanina Shaik flaunts diamond sparkler at Portsea Polo after revealing her plans for a long engagement to DJ Ruckus Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Girl next door look Charges dropped! Blac Chyna 'will not be prosecuted for drug possession' after she was caught with ecstasy at Texas airport Diamond day! Kirsten Dunst shows off her ring from Jesse Plemons as she is spotted for the first time since the couple's engagement announcement 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Style jean-ius! Bella Hadid flashes glimpse of toned torso as she steps out in denim vest and crop top with a blue newsboy hat and pair of perforated black heels Fashion Fail? Nicole Richie shares flashback Friday image wearing same garish dress as her mum in 1992 Owning up to her mistakes 'Mother and baby are doing fine': Stephanie Davis gives birth to baby boy after 'going into labour for gruelling 48 HOURS' Former Hollyoaks star, 23, has her first child 'If he's my son I'll step up!' Jeremy McConnell congratulates ex Stephanie Davis following birth of baby... but STILL refuses to confirm he's the father No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram Timeless beauty Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Toned tummy Forgiving Phil's infidelity, sex with a 17 year-old, and putting a baby up for adoption... Sharon, Michelle, and Denise failed the 'strong female character' test in EastEnders 'I'm really very excited!' MIC's Binky Felstead bags a coveted  modelling contract with Select... as the agency celebrates its 40th anniversary Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Kim's Christmas photo to treasure. Zara Phillips' husband Mike Tindall - works the runway in sharp navy suit as he competes in fashion event at Magic Millions race day Best foot forward 'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance Growing and glowing! Pregnant Amanda Seyfried shows off her budding bump while picking up her pooch from doggy day care Scott Disick 'went MIA in Dubai while watching over Kim Kardashian and Kourtney flipped out' before cryptic tweet 'Lord Disick' missing in action? Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all The Kardashian seal of approval! Khloe wears the exact same pair of trousers as Kim stepped out in Dubai (but then they are Kanye's design) Prince and his second wife lived a life of luxury regularly spending $50,000 on parties and having accounts at Gucci, Versace and Valentino boutiques, unsealed divorce file shows Her brother's keeper! Margot Robbie gives her brother Cameron a job at the production company she co-owns with husband Tom Ackerley 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid 'We are so incredibly grateful!' Jesy Nelson leads the celebrations as Little Mix make history with longest reigning girl-group number one album since the Spice Girls 'I know I'm flattering myself!': Kendall Jenner says if it were 'possible' she would want the late Audrey Hepburn to play her in a movie 'I don't care about what anybody thinks': Patsy Kensit's been working since she was four and had as many husbands - now she's had it with trying to be liked Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25m after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts - despite earning approximately $650m over course of Hollywood career Staying active! Pregnant Natalie Portman relaxes on hike with pal after speaking out about the pay gap between men and women in Hollywood  Disney will NOT re-create Carrie Fisher as Princess Leia in upcoming Star Wars films  Caitlyn Jenner grabs coffee in Malibu amid controversy as she prepares to attend Donald Trump's presidential inauguration  Bikini-clad Louise Thompson frolics with boyfriend Ryan Libbey as their endless holiday continues... while brother Sam continues to mock her on social media Make-up free Michelle Keegan looks glowing as she jets into Miami to visit husband Mark Wright while the former TOWIE hunk films for new TV show Robin Thicke takes cops to ex's house after son refuses to leave mother's side: Singer leaves empty handed as cops say they won't take child against his will in bitter custody dispute Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
